=== CAG_2025-07-10.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered in evaluating us. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. Market Risks Deterioration of general economic conditions, an economic recession, periods of inflation, or economic uncertainty may affect consumers resulting in reductions in consumer spending and have in the past harmed and could continue to harm our business and results of operations. Our business and results of operations have in the past been and may continue to be adversely affected by changes in national or global stability and economic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates; changing international trade, tariff, immigration, 7 Table of Contents and tax policies; decreased availability of capital, volatility in financial markets, declining consumer spending rates, declining benefits or increased limitations under government food assistance programs for consumers; rising unemployment; recessions; decreased energy availability and increased energy costs (including fuel surcharges); supply chain challenges; labor shortages; the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions; geopolitical conflicts (including as discussed in the risk factor below); and the negative impacts caused by pandemics, epidemics, and disease, in humans and animals, such as the avian flu. These economic factors could continue to impact our business and operations in a variety of ways, including as follows: ● consumers shifting purchases to more generic, lower-priced, or other value offerings, or foregoing certain purchases altogether during economic downturns, which could result in a reduction in sales of higher margin products, or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings adversely affecting the results of our operations; ● volatility in commodity and other input costs could substantially impact our result of operations; ● rising interest rates may adversely impact our results of operations; ● decreased demand in the restaurant business, particularly casual and fine dining, may adversely affect our Foodservice operations; ● volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially impact our pension costs and required pension contributions; and ● it may become more costly or difficult to obtain debt or equity financing to fund operations or investment opportunities, or to refinance our debt in the future, in each case on terms and within a time period acceptable to us . Inflation, increased interest rates, and other economic conditions including potential recession and credit market disruptions, could negatively impact our business. Customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by heightened inflation, increased or fluctuating tariffs, increased interest rates and other weak economic conditions including recessionary conditions and credit market disruptions and volatility. Continued weak economic conditions may adversely impact consumers causing a decrease in demand for our products from our customers and consumers. Additionally, these economic conditions may adversely impact some of our customers, suppliers and other vendors who are highly leveraged increasing the risk of uncollectible accounts or trade receivables, extended payment terms, and bankruptcy. We have experienced and may continue to experience negative impacts to our business ranging from an inability to collect accounts receivable to supply chain disruptions caused by failures of our counterparties to continue as a going concern due to financial and liquidity issues. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have in the past been and could continue to be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by geopolitical conflicts. Our business, financial condition and results of operations have been impacted in the past and may be impacted in the future by disruptions in the global economy. The global economy has been negatively impacted by geopolitical conflicts, and related export controls and economic sanctions, including the continuing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East, and rising tensions elsewhere including between China and Taiwan. Although we have no direct operations in Russia, Ukraine, the Middle East, China, or Taiwan, we have experienced, or may experience, shortages in materials from these regions, increased tariffs, sanctions or restrictions relating to these regions, and resulting increased costs or volatility relating to transportation, energy, and raw materials as a result of impacts from conflicts in these regions, and reduced consumer confidence and consumption due in part to the negative impact of these conflicts and tensions on the global economy. Further escalations of geopolitical tensions related to military conflicts, including increased or fluctuating trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could also result in cyberattacks, supply or distribution disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain. In addition, the effects of the ongoing conflicts could heighten many of our known risks described in this Item 1A, Risk Factors . 8 Table of Contents Commodity Risks We are subject to increases in the price of raw materials, labor, manufacturing, distribution, and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products, and we may not be able to fully offset this input cost inflation on a timely basis or at all. Many of the components of our cost of goods sold are subject to price increases that are attributable to factors beyond our control, including global economic conditions, trade barriers or restrictions, supply chain disruptions, changes in crop size, product scarcity, demand dynamics, currency rates, water supply, weather conditions, import and export requirements, and other factors. The cost of raw materials, labor, manufacturing, energy, fuel, packaging materials, transportation and logistics, and other inputs related to the production and distribution of our products have increased and may continue to increase unexpectedly. In recent years, input costs have increased materially and at a rapid rate. While we expect elevated levels of input cost inflation in fiscal 2026 compared to fiscal 2025, partially driven by increased or fluctuating tariffs, we could experience higher than expected input cost inflation in specific commodities or across multiple commodities. The Company uses a variety of strategies to seek to offset this input cost inflation such as increasing productivity, cutting costs, increasing pricing, and engaging in commodity hedging. However, we may not be able to generate sufficient productivity improvements or cost reductions, timely make offsetting price increases, sustain our price increases, or effectively hedge for such inflation. Commodity price volatility may result in unfavorable commodity positions, the costs of which we may not be able to fully offset on acceptable timelines or at all. To the extent we are unable to offset present and future input cost increases including over sustained periods of elevated input cost inflation, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Increases in commodity costs have in the past and may continue to have a negative impact on profits. We use many different commodities such as wheat, corn, oats, various vegetables, vegetable oils, beef, pork, poultry, dairy products, steel, aluminum, and energy. Commodities are subject to price volatility caused by global economic conditions, trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, supply chain disruptions, commodity market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuations, external conditions such as weather, and changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. In addition, recent world events and changes in domestic and global trade policy have increased the risks posed by international trade disputes, tariffs, and sanctions. We procure a wide spectrum of commodities globally and in the past have faced increased prices for commodities sourced from nations that have been impacted by trade disputes, tariffs, or sanctions. Commodity price increases have resulted and may in the future result in increases in raw material, packaging, and energy costs and operating costs. We have experience in hedging against commodity price increases; however, these practices and experience reduce, but do not eliminate, the risk of negative profit impacts from commodity price increases. We do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and the risk management procedures that we use may not always work as we intend. To mitigate commodity cost increases, we have implemented various strategies that include entering into contracted pricing with certain vendors, procuring commodities in periods of favorable market conditions, or entering into various derivative instruments. These actions may in part mitigate these increased costs, but even by increasing our product prices or implementing cost savings efforts, we may not be able to fully offset these increased costs. Additionally, increased prices may not be sustainable over time and may result in reduced sales volume, which can negatively impact our margins, and profitability. Volatility in the market value of derivatives we use to manage exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices will cause volatility in our gross margins and net earnings. We utilize derivatives to manage price risk for some of our principal ingredients and energy costs, including grains (wheat and corn), vegetable oils, pork, dairy products, and energy. Changes in the values of these derivatives are generally recorded in earnings currently, resulting in volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. These gains and losses are reported in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings within general corporate expenses and are reclassified to segment operating results in the period in which the underlying item being economically hedged is recognized in cost of goods sold. We may experience volatile earnings as a result of these accounting treatments. 9 Table of Contents Operating Risks Supply chain disruptions have in the past and could continue to negatively impact our profitability. In recent years, our industry has been impacted by supply chain disruptions, transportation issues, labor challenges and continued changes in global economic conditions, which have impacted and could continue to impact our operations and profitability. Continued inflation, rising interest rates, decreased availability of capital, volatility in financial markets, declining consumer spending rates, recessions, decreased energy availability and increased energy costs (including fuel surcharges) have in the past caused and could continue to cause challenges for us, our suppliers, vendors, customers and consumers of our products and may negatively impact our profitability. These supply chain disruptions have impacted our ability to source ingredients and manufacture and distribute our products, and may make it difficult for our customers to accurately forecast and plan for their purchases of our products to optimize restocking, all of which could negatively impact our business and profitability. Investments in our facilities and operations, including investments in new facilities, equipment, technologies and digital transformation, may result in periods of decreased production or increased costs and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. We continue to incur significant costs to upgrade and maintain various facilities, equipment, or technologies. We have committed to investing in automation, connected data, improved equipment, and artificial intelligence to upgrade our operations and increase productivity. Additionally, we have in the past, and may in the future, incur increased costs or periods of decreased production relating to upgrading facilities, equipment and technologies, transferring production among our facilities, utilizing third-party contract manufacturers, closing existing facilities, expanding existing facilities, and opening new facilities. If the cost of our investments is higher than anticipated, the investments are not sufficient to meet our business needs, we are unable to fully utilize new or upgraded facilities, or we are unable to complete our improvement and expansion projects in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, we may be delayed in realizing the intended benefits or our financial performance could be negatively affected. We have in the past been and may in the future be subject to product recalls, product liability and labeling claims, and changing legal or regulatory requirements, any of which could negatively impact our profitability. We sell food products for human consumption, which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage, product tampering, other adulteration of food products such as foreign material, mislabeling, and misbranding. We may be subject to liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness, or death. In addition, we may take marketplace action such as a voluntary product recall in the event of contamination or damage. We have issued recalls and have from time to time been and currently are involved in lawsuits relating to our food products. A significant product liability judgment or a widespread product recall may negatively impact our sales and profitability for a period of time depending on the costs of the recall, the destruction of product inventory, product availability, competitive reaction, customer reaction, and consumer attitudes. In addition, we could be the target of claims of false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and state laws as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. The marketing of food products has come under increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings, investigations, and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive labeling and marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations. Changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements, new food labeling requirements for allergens, ingredients, and nutrition information, updated requirements for the use of “healthy” in connection with our food products, and bans on certain food ingredients or packaging materials), evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements, or changes in enforcement priorities may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures, higher production costs, and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business or financial results. If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, termination of necessary licenses or permits, or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if a product liability or labeling claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, we may incur significant costs defending against such claims and the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image. Additionally, as a manufacturer and marketer of food products, we are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and other federal, state, and local government agencies. The Federal Food, 10 Table of Contents Drug & Cosmetic Act (including as amended by the Food Safety Modernization Act), the Federal Meat, Poultry Products, and Egg Products Inspection Acts, and their respective regulations govern aspects of our operations, including the manufacturing, composition and ingredients, packaging, labeling, and safety of food products. Some aspects of these laws use a strict liability standard for imposing sanctions on corporate behavior; meaning that no intent is required to be established. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures, as well as criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Any damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Maintaining a good reputation is critical to selling our products. Product contamination or tampering, the failure to maintain high standards for product quality, safety, and integrity, including with respect to raw materials and ingredients obtained from suppliers, or allegations of product quality issues, mislabeling, or contamination, even if untrue, may reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Our reputation could also be adversely impacted by any of the following, or by adverse publicity (whether or not valid) relating thereto: product recalls; claims asserted regarding the health implications of certain food products, specific ingredients, food packaging, or food production methods; the failure to maintain high ethical, social, and environmental standards or achieve stated goals for our operations and activities, including our expectations for our supply chain regarding ethical sourcing; the failure to achieve any stated goals with respect to the nutritional profile of our products; our research and development efforts; or our environmental impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, energy use, and waste management. Moreover, the growing use of social and digital media and shopping, health or product evaluation applications by consumers has greatly increased the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us, our brands, or our products on social or digital media or inaccurate information contained in shopping, health or product evaluation applications which may use outputs derived from artificial intelligence applications could seriously damage our brands and reputation. Additionally, negative reaction to our marketing and advertising, including our social media content, could result in damage to our brands and reputation. Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial information could also hurt our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. Due to the seasonality of the business, our revenue and operating results may vary from quarter to quarter. Our sales and cash flows are affected by seasonal cyclicality. For example, sales of frozen foods, including frozen vegetables and frozen complete bagged meals, tend to be marginally higher during the winter months and pie sales peak during the months of November and December due to holidays. Since many of the raw materials we process are agricultural crops, production of these products is predominantly seasonal, occurring during and immediately following the purchase of such crops. For these reasons, sequential quarterly comparisons are not a good indication of our performance or how we may perform in the future. If we are unable to obtain access to working capital or if seasonal fluctuations are greater than anticipated, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Credit Risks Our existing and future debt may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business and could prevent us from fulfilling our debt obligations, financing at attractive borrowing costs, or returning cash to stockholders. As of May 25, 2025, we had total debt of approximately $8.07 billion, including approximately $7.02 billion aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes. Our ability to make payments on our debt, fund our other liquidity needs, make planned capital expenditures, and return cash to stockholders will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs, make planned capital expenditures, or return cash to stockholders. 11 Table of Contents Our level of debt could have important consequences. For example, it could: ● make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations; ● require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, favorable business opportunities, and other general corporate purposes; ● restrict us from repurchasing shares of our common stock; ● negatively impact our ability to pay a cash dividend at an attractive level; ● limit flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in the businesses and industries in which we operate, which may adversely affect our operating results and ability to meet our debt service obligations; ● limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness or increase the cost of such indebtedness; ● increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions, including changes in interest rates; ● limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investment, debt service obligations, and other general operating requirements or to enable us to react to changes in our business; or ● place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt. Additionally, any failure to meet required payments on our debt, or failure to comply with any covenants in the instruments governing our debt, could result in an event of default under the terms of those instruments and a downgrade to our credit ratings. In the event of a default, the holders of our debt could elect to declare all the amounts outstanding under such instruments to be due and payable. Any default under the agreements governing our debt and the remedies sought by the holders of such debt could render us unable to pay principal and interest on our debt. A downgrade to our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue debt and access the commercial paper markets, which we actively utilized in fiscal 2025 for our ongoing funding requirements. Additionally, disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit markets could also reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs. We rely on cash from our subsidiaries to meet our cash flow needs and service our debt. A significant portion of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent to some extent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans, or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. Our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, or other payments. In addition, any payment of dividends, loans, or advances by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. Payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries’ earnings and business considerations. Our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary’s creditors, including trade creditors. In addition, even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. Finally, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us. Competition Risks Increased competition may result in reduced sales or profits. The food industry is highly competitive. Retail customer consolidation, proliferation of new, competitive products, consumer behavior shifts including retail channel preferences, and consumer price sensitivity continue to contribute to increased competition. Our 12 Table of Contents principal competitors have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources. Increased competition can reduce our sales due to loss of market share or the need to reduce prices to respond to competitive and customer pressures. Competitive pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices and maintain those price increases, including price increases made in response to commodity and other cost increases. In addition, we may experience delays between the time that we take inflation-related pricing actions and the time that we realize the impact of those actions on our margins and results of operations. Furthermore, pricing actions in response to increased costs of goods sold may negatively impact demand for our products, our market share, and our sales volumes. We sell branded, private brand, and customized food products, as well as commercially branded foods. Our branded products have an advantage over private brand products primarily due to advertising and name recognition, although private brand products typically sell at a discount to those of branded competitors. In addition, when branded competitors focus on price and promotion, the environment for private brand producers becomes more challenging because the price difference between private brand products and branded products may become less significant. In most product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with other private label and store brand products that are generally sold at lower prices. A strong competitive response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a consumer shift towards more generic, lower-priced, or other value offerings, could result in us reducing pricing, increasing marketing or other expenditures, or losing market share. Our margins and profits could decrease if a reduction in prices or increased costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume. In fiscal 2025, we continued to make targeted investments in advertising and promotions in response to market conditions. There is no guarantee that our advertising and promotional activities will be successful or that our competitors will not engage in more aggressive advertising and promotion activities which could negatively impact our sales volumes. In addition, substantial growth in e-commerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, intensifying competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. The expanding presence of e-commerce retailers has impacted, and may continue to impact, consumer preferences and market dynamics, which in turn may negatively affect our sales or profits. If we do not achieve the appropriate cost structure in the highly competitive food industry, our profitability could decrease. Our future success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to achieve the appropriate cost structure and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food industry, particularly in an environment of volatile input costs. We continue to implement profit-enhancing initiatives that impact our supply chain and general and administrative functions. These initiatives are focused on cost-saving opportunities in procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and customer service, as well as general and administrative overhead levels. Gaining additional efficiencies may become more difficult over time. Our failure to reduce costs through productivity gains or by eliminating r

=== CAG_2026-04-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS A discussion of our risk factors can be found in Item 1A, “Risk Factors”, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 25, 2025 and in our other filings with the SEC. During the third quarter of fiscal 2026, there were no material changes to our previously disclosed risk factors. 32 Table of Contents ​ ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Trading Arrangements N o n e of the Company's directors or “officers” (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted, modified , or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the Company's fiscal quarter ended February 22, 2026. ​ ITEM 6. EXHIBITS All documents referenced below were filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by Conagra Brands, Inc. (file number 001-07275), unless otherwise noted. EXHIBIT ​ ​ DESCRIPTION 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Conagra Brands, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2024 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Conagra Brands, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Conagra Brands' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 21, 2024 ​ ​ ​ 31.1 ​ Section 302 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer ​ ​ ​ 31.2 ​ Section 302 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer ​ ​ ​ 32 ​ Section 906 Certificates 101 The following materials from Conagra Brands' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 22, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vi) document and entity information. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ​ ​ 33 Table of Contents SIGNATURES ​ Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CONAGRA BRANDS, INC. By: /s/ DAVID S. MARBERGER David S. Marberger Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ MELISSA C. NAPIER Melissa C. Napier Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller ​ Dated this 1st day of April, 2026. ​ ​ ​ ​ 34 