=== KDP_2026-04-24.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0001418135 0001418135 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001418135 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001418135 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001418135 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001418135 kdp:RobertGamgortMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001418135 kdp:OzanDokmeciogluMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001418135 kdp:RobertGamgortMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001418135 kdp:RobertGamgortMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001418135 kdp:TimothyCoferMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001418135 kdp:RobertGamgortMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001418135 kdp:TimothyCoferMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember kdp:TimothyCoferMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember kdp:TimothyCoferMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 kdp:AverageExcessFairValueOfModifiedAwardsAsOfTheDateOfModificationMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember kdp:TimothyCoferMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember kdp:TimothyCoferMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001418135 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents April 24, 2026 DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS, Thank you for your interest in Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. ( KDP ). On behalf of our Board of Directors (the Board ) and the team at KDP, we appreciate your ongoing support for our business. 2025 was a pivotal year for us as we laid the foundation for our Company s next chapter, while delivering strong results that met our financial commitments and advanced our value creation strategy. Strong Performance in 2025 Beginning with our base business, KDP continued to strengthen our leadership position across key categories. As consumer-obsessed brand builders, we launched industry-leading innovation with Dr Pepper Blackberry, which contributed to our ninth consecutive year of market share expansion, while Dr Pepper maintained its position as the number two soda in the U.S. We successfully integrated the recently acquired GHOST business to build out our Energy portfolio a high growth, on-trend category in which we ve gone from a less than 1% share a few years ago to approximately 8% today. In Coffee, we launched our first-ever Keurig branded coffee with the Keurig Coffee Collective and our smallest brewer ever, the K-Mini Mate. Across our portfolio of iconic brands we accelerated a data-driven approach to marketing. We continued to shape our portfolio for structural advantage with the addition of Bloom Pop as a partner brand in prebiotic sodas, by leaning into sports hydration through Electrolit and through new opportunities in drink mixes with the acquisition of Dyla. We also advanced towards a Fall 2026 launch of Keurig Alta , the next-generation brewing system with plastic-free AltaRounds . To strengthen our route-to-market advantage, we successfully expanded our company-owned distribution system and brought new capabilities across the network. Throughout the year, we operated with agility to navigate cost pressures leveraging sourcing strategies, productivity and other mitigations to manage through significant inflation and a dynamic external environment. Our executional excellence against each of these strategies generated the fastest growing retail sales among top food beverage manufacturers and culminated in robust full year 2025 performance with Net Sales growing 9% and Adjusted diluted EPS growing 7% vs prior year.* Preparing for our Transformation With our business on healthy footing, we set the stage for KDP s transformation and separation into two focused companies: a global coffee powerhouse and the most agile challenger in North American beverages. Global coffee and refreshment beverages are large and growing categories that are beloved by consumers and we believe we have a generational opportunity to shape their future. This evolution will allow us to optimize each business for performance and value creation through greater focus, tailored strategies and capital allocation policies, and cultures aligned with their distinct growth opportunities. We announced a thoughtful, two-step transaction. The first step, our acquisition of JDE Peet s N.V. ( JDE Peet s ), closed in April 2026 and reshapes our coffee business through the addition of meaningful global scale, a portfolio of world-class brands, incremental format and blending capabilities, and synergy opportunities. The second step, our planned tax-free separation, will establish two advantaged, pure-play companies: Global Coffee Co. and Beverage Co., respectively, pending the announcement of official corporate names. We have now welcomed our new colleagues from JDE Peet s and begun the work of integration and separation and are more excited than ever about the opportunities ahead. * Net sales growth and Adjusted diluted EPS growth are presented on a constant currency basis and are non-GAAP measures. Please refer to Appendix A to this Proxy Statement for a description and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures relative to the reported GAAP financial measures. Table of Contents A Commitment to Governance As we approach our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we are pleased to share our Proxy Statement with you. Within it, you will find details of the continued, deliberate evolution of our Board and governance structures as we enter our Company s next phase. Following a multi-year succession planning process, Bob Gamgort stepped off the Board after a decade of invaluable leadership and service to KDP and its predecessor companies, including most recently as Chair of the Board. Bob Singer will also be retiring from the Board at the Annual Meeting after eight years of service to KDP as a director and Audit Finance Committee Chair. We thank them both for their dedication and enduring contributions to KDP and its stockholders. In addition, as previously announced, we recently separated our former Remuneration and Nomination Committee into newly created Nominating Governance and Compensation Committees, further aligning our governance structures with best practices. We also continued to thoughtfully expand the Board to provide for the right mix of skills, experiences, and perspectives to guide the Company s future progress with the addition of two new independent directors in early 2026. Bill Newlands is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Constellation Brands. He brings more than 40 years of experience in the beverage alcohol and consumer packaged goods industries with a track record of driving business transformation and building global brands. Amie Thuener is the former Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Alphabet. Amie was recently named incoming Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom and, given the additional demands of the position, has not been renominated for another term as a KDP director. We appreciate Amie s contributions to the Company and wish her success in her new role. In this Proxy Statement, we also nominate Brian Driscoll to serve as a new independent director if elected at the Annual Meeting. Brian has over 40 years of consumer packaged goods experience, including serving as the current chairman of Acosta Group and former Chief Executive Officer of Snyders-Lance, Diamond Foods, and Hostess Brands. Looking ahead, we will continue to strategically recruit exceptional directors and optimize governance practices, including with an eye towards establishing two world-class Boards of Directors for Beverage Co. and Global Coffee Co. We are pleased to invite you to attend our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will take place online on June 16, 2026, at 11:30 a.m. ET. You may attend, vote, and submit questions during the meeting via the Internet. Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, Pamela Patsley Board Chair Timothy Cofer Chief Executive Officer Pamela H. Patsley Board Chair Timothy Cofer Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time Tuesday, June 16, 2026 11:30 a.m. ET Location Virtual Annual Meeting Record Date April 20, 2026 Notice is hereby given that the virtual annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., a Delaware corporation ( KDP ), will be held on June 16, 2026, at 11:30 a.m. ET. You can attend the Annual Meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit questions online during the meeting. You must register to attend the meeting by 5:00 p.m. ET on June 15, 2026 by following the instructions provided on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Once registered, you will receive an email with a unique link and instructions on how to attend the meeting one hour prior to the start of the meeting. If you are a registered holder, meaning that you hold your shares directly (not through a bank, broker or other nominee), you may view proxy materials, vote and register to attend the Annual Meeting by visiting www.proxydocs.com/KDP. If you are a beneficial holder, meaning that you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you should follow the instructions provided on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Availability of Proxy Materials to view proxy materials, vote and register to attend the Annual Meeting. You must obtain a legal proxy from the nominee that holds your shares if you wish to vote online at the Annual Meeting. Items Of Business: 1. To elect the nine director nominees named in the accompanying Proxy Statement to hold office for a one-year term and until their respective successors shall have been duly elected and qualified; 2. To approve, on an advisory basis, KDP s executive compensation; 3. To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as KDP s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026; and 4. To approve the Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2026. Stockholders will also transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Who May Vote: Holders of KDP common stock and KDP s Series A Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ) at the close of business on April 20, 2026 . Distribution Date: A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the Proxy Statement is first being made available to stockholders on or about April 24, 2026 . How You May Vote: (i) VIA THE INTERNET , (ii) BY TELEPHONE , or (iii) BY MAIL . If your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other nominee, follow the instructions you receive from your bank, broker or other nominee on how to vote your shares. Anthony Shoemaker Chief Legal Officer Secretary YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE VOTE ONLINE OR BY TELEPHONE OR, IF YOU RECEIVED A PRINTED COPY OF THE PROXY MATERIALS, COMPLETE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD. WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING, WE URGE YOU TO VOTE. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON JUNE 16, 2026: The Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 are available on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com or by following the instructions provided on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Availability of Proxy Materials. Table of Contents T ABLE O F C ONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY 1 2026 Annual Meeting Information 1 Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations 1 Keurig Dr Pepper 1 2026 Director Nominees 2 Company Highlights 2 Corporate Governance Highlights 3 Key Executive Compensation Practices 3 KDP Purpose and Impact 4 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 5 Director Nomination Process 5 Board Composition and Qualifications 5 Director Skills Matrix 6 Director Independence 6 Director Nominees 7 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES 12 Board Leadership Structure 12 Board Meetings 12 Committees 13 The Board s Oversight Responsibilities 14 Board and Committee Evaluations 16 Code of Conduct 16 Insider Trading Policy 17 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 17 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 17 Where to Find More Information 17 Stockholder Outreach and Communications with the Board 18 Director Compensation 18 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 21 PROPOSAL 2 ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE KDP S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 23 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 24 Overview 24 Roles and Responsibilities with Regard to Compensation 27 Peer Group, Market Data and Benchmarking 27 2025 Compensation Decisions 28 Other Matters 33 REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 34 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 35 Summary Compensation Table 35 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 37 Outstanding Equity Awards 38 Stock Awards Vested 39 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 40 Post-Termination Compensation 40 CEO Pay Ratio 46 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE 47 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 51 PROPOSAL 3 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 52 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees 52 Report of the Audit Committee 53 OWNERSHIP OF OUR EQUITY SECURITIES 54 PROPOSAL 4 APPROVAL OF OMNIBUS STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN OF 2026 56 Shares Available and Requested 56 Historical Burn Rate 56 Dilution 57 Best Governance Practices 57 General Summary of Terms of the 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan 57 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 61 OTHER MATTERS 63 Annual Report to Stockholders 66 Forward-Looking Statements 66 Websites 67 APPENDIX A NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES A-1 APPENDIX B OMNIBUS STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN OF 2026 B-1 Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proxy Summary P ROXY S UMMARY This summary highlights certain information in this Proxy Statement. Stockholders are encouraged to read the entire Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report carefully before voting. 2026 Annual Meeting Information Date and Time Tuesday, June 16, 2026 11:30 a.m. ET Location Virtual Annual Meeting Record Date April 20, 2026 Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations Proposal Board s Voting Recommendation Page Reference Company Proposals 1. Election of Nine Director Nominees Named in this Proxy Statement FOR (each nominee) 5 2. Advisory Resolution to Approve KDP s Executive Compensation FOR 23 3. Ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP s Appointment as the Company s Independent Auditor for 2026 FOR 52 4. Approval of the Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2026 FOR 56 Keurig Dr Pepper Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. ( KDP, we, us, our or the Company ) is a leading beverage company with more than 150 owned, licensed and partner brands that meet a wide range of needs and occasions. Our North American refreshment beverage business holds leadership positions across carbonated soft drinks, water, juice and mixers with a portfolio of iconic brands such as Dr Pepper , Canada Dry , Mott s , A W , Pe afiel , GHOST , 7UP , Snapple , Clamato and Core Hydration . Our global coffee business spans more than 100 markets and includes the leading Keurig single-serve brewing system in the U.S. and Canada, along with powerhouse brands such as Peet s, L OR and Jacobs, and other regional coffee leaders. Our more than 50,000 employees aim to enhance the experience of every beverage and coffee occasion while making a positive impact for people, communities and the planet. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Table of Contents Proxy Summary 2026 Director Nominees Name Principal Occupation Years of Service Independent No. of Current Public Company Boards (including KDP) Committees Roles Timothy Cofer Chief Executive Officer of KDP 2 1 Oray Boston Worldwide President of TECA + Sports, Johnson Johnson Orthopaedics Company 3 1 Compensation (Chair) Brian Driscoll Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Snyder s-Lance, Inc. 0 1 Juliette Hickman Former Investment Analyst, Capital Group Companies 5 2 Audit William Newlands Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Constellation Brands 1 2 Nominating and Governance Pamela Patsley Former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MoneyGram International, Inc. 18 4 Chair of the Board; Nominating and Governance (Chair); Compensation Debra Sandler President and Chief Executive Officer of La Grenade Group, LLC and Founder and Former CEO of Mavis Foods, LLC 5 4 Nominating and Governance Michael Van de Ven Executive Advisor and Former President and Chief Operating Officer of Southwest Airlines Co. 1 2 Audit (Chair) Lawson Whiting President and Chief Executive Officer of Brown-Forman Corporation 1 2 Compensation Company Highlights * KDP delivered strong results in 2025 while navigating a complex and evolving operating environment. Net sales grew over 8% in constant currency and Adjusted diluted EPS grew 7%, consistent with our guidance. ** Across the enterprise, we effectively managed through cost pressures and consumer uncertainty, strengthening our positions in key categories and preserving our ability to fund long-term oriented investments. Performance was led by continued momentum in U.S. Refreshment Beverages, resilient International trends, and underlying progress in U.S. Coffee. * Represents pro forma revenue of $27.8B at year-end 2025, with JDE Peet s results converted to USD at an average exchange rate of 1.1293. ** Constant currency net sales growth and Adjusted diluted EPS growth are presented on a constant currency basis. Constant currency net sales growth and Adjusted diluted EPS growth are non-GAAP measures. Please refer to Appendix A to this Proxy Statement for a description and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures relative to the reported GAAP financial measures. 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Proxy Summary With a healthy base business, the Company also took decisive action to position KDP for future success with the acquisition of JDE Peet s and planned tax-free separation into two independent, publicly-traded companies. To support execution, in 2026, we have implemented a pre-separation operating model that combines centralized enterprise leadership with dedicated Beverage and Coffee Operating Units, which aims to enhance focus and accountability while preparing each future company to operate on a standalone basis. KDP s pro forma total net sales as of year-end 2025, after the JDEP acquisition, are approximately $28 billion. The Company also strengthened its leadership team to support this next phase in our evolution. In April 2026, following a robust and thoughtful search process, we named Rafael Oliveira as Chief Executive Officer of our Coffee Operating Unit and as Chief Executive Officer of the future Global Coffee Co. Mr. Oliveira has served as Chief Executive Officer of JDE Peet s since November 2024 and brings extensive consumer packaged goods experience, deep knowledge of the global coffee category, and a track record of successfully guiding multinational businesses. In late 2025, we also elevated Olivier Lemire to the role of President, U.S. Coffee and appointed Anthony DiSilvestro to the role of Chief Financial Officer. With a talented, experienced, and aligned leadership team in place, KDP is well-positioned to deliver during an important 2026. The Board and management team remain focused on disciplined execution to maintain business momentum and achieve critical milestones as the Company advances along the path to separation. Corporate Governance Highlights Board Independence and Structure Board Practices Oversight of Risk, Ethics and Corporate Responsibility Eight of our nine director nominees are independent, with our CEO as our additional nominee All Board committees are comprised solely of independent directors Transition in leadership to an independent Chair of the Board Commitment to a range of backgrounds, perspectives, skills and experiences represented on the Board Formation of standalone Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee in March 2026 in lieu of prior combined Remuneration and Nomination Committee Annual election of all directors Demonstrated successful Board refreshment Annual Board and committee evaluations Regular executive sessions of independent directors Director stock ownership guidelines requiring equity holdings of at least 5x annual cash retainer Directors who are not public company named executive officers are limited to no more than four public company boards (including KDP); public company named executive officers are limited to no more than two public company boards (including KDP) Full Board responsible for risk oversight, with specific areas delegated to relevant Board committees Codes of Conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees, with annual compliance training and certification Responsible advocacy policy and robust political activities disclosures on our website Full Board oversight of corporate responsibility strategy and the Company s long-term goals and commitments Key Executive Compensation Practices Strong pay for performance philosophy designed to link pay delivery to the Company s financial and market performance, including the introduction of performance share units to our long-term incentive mix in 2025 Significant levels of direct investment and long-term stock ownership required for all executives to closely align their interests with those of our stockholders Lengthy vesting periods for equity awards Independent compensation consultant retained by and reporting to the Compensation Committee Incentives do not encourage excessive risk taking Clawback policies that require recoupment of excess incentive compensation in the event of certain financial restatements and that also allow recovery of incentive compensation (including time-based equity) in the event of executive misconduct No excise tax gross-ups for changes of control Double-trigger vesting upon a change of control Hedging is prohibited Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Table of Contents Proxy Summary Pledging must be pre-cleared by the Legal Department, and pledging KDP securities for speculative purposes is prohibited Minimal perquisites KDP Purpose and Impact KDP is driven by a purpose to Drink Well. Do Good. With a vision to provide a beverage for every need, anytime and anywhere, KDP strives to live that purpose by delivering great brands, great experiences and great impact. We proudly offer over 150 iconic brands that consumers love and trust. Our team of approximately 50,000 employees aims to enhance every beverage occasion and make a positive impact for people, communities and the planet. KDP Impact is our multi-year social and environmental agenda comprised of strategic initiatives that aim to make a positive impact with every drink. Rooted in action, realized through partnerships, and measured in results, we focus our initiatives in the seven key impact areas where we believe we can create meaningful change. These seven key impact areas are as follows: Climate and nature action. We are working to reduce resource use and to increase resiliency measures to account for a changing environment by focusing on climate mitigation and adaptation strategies for our business and supply chain. Water use and stewardship. As water is the primary ingredient in most of our beverages, we aim to be good stewards of water use in our operations, our communities and throughout our supply chain. Packaging and circular economy. Sustainable packaging is a top priority within our impact agenda, and we continue to innovate for circular solutions across our portfolio. We aim to reduce the use of unnecessary materials, offer packaging that is compatible with recycling, reuse and composting systems and incorporate post-consumer recycled content within our packaging portfolio. Human rights, responsible sourcing, and supply chain livelihoods. We are committed to respecting human rights, responsibly sourcing our brewers, coffee and cocoa and supporting the livelihoods of workers and their families in our supply chain. Consumer health and well-being. We are focused on providing a balanced portfolio of beverage options and the resources consumers need to make informed choices. Employee health, safety, and well-being. We aim to cultivate top beverage talent with a challenger mindset. We endeavor to create an inclusive, high-performing work environment in which all employees feel supported, and talent can thrive. We strive to provide meaningful career experiences, offer competitive benefits, well-being and development opportunities to attract, develop and retain a highly engaged workforce. Corporate governance and ethics. We have strong governance structures and ethical business practices in place designed to foster a culture built on integrity, transparency and responsibility with our stakeholders and to generate sustainable business performance. We are committed to transparency and disclosure about these strategies, programs, progress and governance matters. Our corporate responsibility report is available on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com. 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of each director nominee The Board has nominated the nine candidates named in this proposal for election as directors at the Annual Meeting. Eight out of nine nominees are currently serving as KDP directors. Robert Singer and Amie Thuener have not been renominated for re-election and will no longer serve on the Board upon the election of the director nominees at the Annual Meeting. Directors are elected annually, and the director nominees standing for election at this Annual Meeting will serve until their term expires at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. Each nominee has agreed to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve if elected. Director Nomination Process The Board is responsible for nominating the Company s director candidates, with assistance in identifying and recommending nominees from the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. Candidates may come to the attention of the Nominating and Governance Committee through management, current Board members, independent search firms, stockholders or other sources. Members of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Chair of the Board and other members of the Board interview potential director candidates as part of the selection process when evaluating new director candidates. The Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the background of all potential nominees and determines whether they individually possess the personal and professional attributes necessary to be a director. Any feedback obtained through the Board s annual self-evaluation process with respect to the ability of individual directors to contribute to the Board is also considered in connection with the nomination process. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider director recommendations by stockholders and will evaluate nominees recommended by stockholders in the same manner as nominees recommended from other sources. In addition, stockholders can submit director nominations pursuant to the procedures set forth in our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). The Company s Corporate Governance Principles provide that directors are expected to limit the number of other boards on which they serve so as not to interfere with their service as a director of the Company and ordinarily may not serve on the board of more than three other public companies in addition to KDP (or one other public company in the case of a director currently serving as a named executive officer of a public company). Each of our directors is currently in compliance with these expectations, and the Nominating and Governance Committee assesses and reviews compliance with these guidelines as part of the annual nomination process. Directors are required to advise the chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another corporate board of directors. Nominations of Ms. Thuener, Mr. Newlands and Mr. Driscoll To support the Company s transformation and value creation agenda as KDP progresses towards a separation into two independent companies, the Board undertook an extensive search and recruiting process to add additional independent directors to the Board in early 2026. This process was overseen by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Lead Director, the Non-executive Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, in each case, in place at the time. The Board retained an independent search firm to assist in identifying and evaluating possible candidates, which led to the identification of Ms. Thuener and Mr. Newlands as candidates. In addition, Mr. Driscoll was known to certain members of the Company s Board and certain of its investors and was identified by the Company s Board as a candidate based on his leadership experience in consumer packaged goods, strong credibility and skill set complementary to the Company s go-forward plans. In addition to the directors leading the search, other members of the Board and management also interviewed Ms. Thuener, Mr. Newlands and Mr. Driscoll during their respective evaluation processes. The Board and the committee then responsible for director nominations determined that Ms. Thuener, Mr. Newlands and Mr. Driscoll possessed skills and attributes necessary for KDP directors, including professional backgrounds across a variety of industries and strong board service experience. In February 2026, upon the recommendation of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Board approved the appointments of Ms. Thuener and Mr. Newlands to the Board effective March 2, 2026. Board Composition and Qualifications The Board is committed to the ongoing review of Board composition and regularly discusses the skills and characteristics required of KDP directors in the context of the current makeup of the Board, the operating requirements of the Company and the long-term interests of stockholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee also reviews the collective experience of the Board and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the appropriate mix of skill sets, qualifications and attributes of the Board as a whole. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors The Board seeks candidates with diverse personal backgrounds, perspectives and experiences and who are committed to active participation, sharing fresh perspectives and providing constructive feedback to management. Our Board prioritizes candidates with proven executive leadership capabilities; consumer product industry expertise; strategic planning experience; financial and accounting skills; and corporate governance, regulatory and risk management experience. The Board may also consider such factors as a range in viewpoint, professional experience, education, relevant market experience, skills and other individual qualifications, and assesses its effectiveness in this regard as part of the annual evaluation process. The following matrix highlights the specific skills, attributes and experience of our director nominees, and the absence of a designation does not mean a director nominee does not possess that particular skill or qualification. Each director nominee also contributes other important skills, knowledge, experience, viewpoints, and perspectives to our Board that are not reflected in the matrix below. Director Skills Matrix Skills and Experience Executive Leadership Consumer Products Strategic M A Finance Accounting Sustainability/Corporate Responsibility Brand Marketing Digital, Innovation Technology Public Company Board Experience Age Tenure Independence Gender Director Independence The majority of the members of the Board are independent under Nasdaq s listing standards. In order to determine that a director is independent under Nasdaq s listing rules, the Board must affirmatively determine, after reviewing all relevant information, that a director does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Based on these standards, the Board has determined that the following directors are independent: Oray Boston, Brian Driscoll, Juliette Hickman, William Newlands, Pamela Patsley, Debra Sandler, Robert Singer, Amie Thuener, Michael Van de Ven and Lawson Whiting. The Board also previously determined that former director Paul Michaels was independent. In making its independence determinations, the Board considered transactions occurring since the beginning of fiscal 2023 between KDP and entities associated with the independent directors or their immediate family members. Specifically, the Board considered that Brown-Forman Corporation, where Mr. Whiting is employed, does business in the ordinary course with KDP. The amount received by KDP or Brown-Forman Corporation in each of the last three fiscal years did not exceed 1% of either KDP s or Brown-Forman Corporation s consolidated gross revenues. Timothy Cofer does not qualify as independent due to his position as our CEO. 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees Age: 57 Director Since: 2024 Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Timothy Cofer Timothy Tim Cofer has served as Chief Executive Officer of KDP and a member of the Board since April 26, 2024. He previously served as KDP s Chief Operating Officer from November 2023 to April 25, 2024. Mr. Cofer is a seasoned consumer packaged goods executive, with 35 years of multinational experience in driving growth, leading transformations and executing significant mergers and acquisitions. His career is highlighted by a track record of creating value and building high-performing teams. Prior to joining KDP, from October 2019 to September 2023, Mr. Cofer was the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Central Garden Pet Company (Nasdaq: CENT) (Nasdaq: CENTA), a portfolio of brands in the lawn, garden and pet supplies industries, where he oversaw a multi-year period of double-digit revenue and profit growth and a series of strategic acquisitions. Previously, he spent more than 25 years with Mondel z International, a manufacturer of snack food products, and its predecessor company, Kraft Foods, with responsibility across a wide range of product categories, including coffee, chocolate and packaged food. In Mr. Cofer s last position as EVP and Chief Growth Officer of Mondel z International from 2016 to 2019, he was a critical architect behind the company s successful growth strategy. He previously led several global regions, including as President of Asia Pacific, Middle East Africa Mondel z International and President of Kraft Foods Europe. In his U.S.-focused roles of President of Kraft Pizza Company and President of Oscar Mayer Foods, he oversaw manufacturing and distribution operations, including a nationwide direct store delivery network. He also led the global integration of Kraft and Cadbury, delivering on the merger s strategic and financial objectives while nurturing a combined high-performing culture. Mr. Cofer holds an MBA from the University of Minnesota and a BA in Economics and Political Science from St. Olaf College. Qualifications: Mr. Cofer brings to the Board extensive experience as an executive in the consumer packaged goods industry, with a track record of driving growth, leading transformations and executing significant mergers and acquisitions. He has leadership experience in general management, manufacturing and distribution and strategic transactions, among other areas. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors Age: 59 Director Since: 2022 Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Oray Boston Oray B. Boston Jr. is the Worldwide President of TECA + Sports (Trauma, Extremities, Craniomaxillofacial, Sports and Animal Health) for DePuy Synthes, the Orthopaedics Company of Johnson Johnson, a role he has held since August 2021, and joined KDP s Board in November 2022. With a focus on driving commercial growth and enhancing customer relationships globally, Mr. Boston leads the TECA + Sports platform, strengthening the leadership position in Trauma, enhancing their position in Extremities, elevating their life-changing offerings in Craniomaxillofacial, and bolstering the critical efforts of their Animal Health business. His previous positions at Johnson Johnson, a pharmaceutical and medical technologies corporation, include Ethicon President of Global Biosurgery (May 2018 to September 2021), Office of Technology Vice President of Commercialization, Ethicon Vice President of Franchise Operations, Biosurgery Vice President of Sales Marketing, and OTC Vice President of Sales Strategy. Mr. Boston holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from the University of Southwest Louisiana and a master s degree from the University of Pennsylvania. Qualifications: Mr. Boston brings to the Board expertise in brand and marketing innovation, as well as sales and customer management with key consumer packaged goods retailers, developed through over 30 years of experience in operations, sales, marketing and other roles at global companies. In addition, Mr. Boston has experience with P L management. Age: 67 Director Nominee Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Brian Driscoll Brian Driscoll served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Snyder s-Lance, Inc., a snack food manufacturer, until its acquisition by The Campbell s Soup Company in 2018. Prior to his role at Snyder s-Lance, Mr. Driscoll served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Diamond Foods, Inc., a snack food and culinary nut company, from 2012 to 2016. His 40-plus year career in the consumer packaged goods industry also includes positions as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Hostess Brands, Inc. from 2010 to 2012 and leadership roles at Kraft North America, Nabisco, Nestle Foods and Procter Gamble. Mr. Driscoll s experience includes extensive knowledge in sales, customer logistics and large-scale operations. Mr. Driscoll currently serves as the non-executive chairman of the board of directors of The Acosta Group, a sales, marketing and foodservice agency, and the chairman of The Arnott s Group, a snack and meal manufacturer. Additionally, Mr. Driscoll is a board member of Gibson, Inc, a manufacturer of guitars and amplification equipment and was formerly chairman of Clif Bar and Company, a manufacturer of food products and snack bars. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from St. John s University College of Business Administration. Qualifications: Mr. Driscoll brings to the Board extensive executive and management experience in the consumer packaged goods industry, specifically overseeing transformational mergers and integrations. He has leadership experience in strategy, sales and operations, among other areas. 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors Age: 52 Director Since: 2021 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Waldencast plc Juliette Hickman Juliette Hickman served as an investment analyst at the Capital Group Companies, an investment management company, from 1998 to 2020, with exposure to a broad range of industries on a global basis and specific expertise and focus on the global beverage industry. She joined KDP s Board in January 2021. Throughout her career, Ms. Hickman has gained extensive expertise in corporate strategy, valuation, mergers and acquisitions, financial analysis and risk assessment. She is on the Board of Waldencast Plc. Ms. Hickman holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Politics and Public Administration from Nottingham Trent University and a Postgraduate Certificate in Sustainable Business from the Cambridge Institute of Sustainability Leadership (CISL). Qualifications: Ms. Hickman brings to the Board extensive experience in the beverage industry and her exposure to a broad range of industries on a global basis from the perspective of an analyst allows her to provide unique shareholder insights. Ms. Hickman has more than 20 years of investing experience and expertise in corporate strategy, valuation, mergers and acquisitions, financial analysis and risk assessment. Age: 67 Director Since: 2026 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Constellation Brands, Inc., Hormel Foods Corporation William Newlands William Bill Newlands served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Constellation Brands, a producer of beer, wine and spirits, from March 2019 to April 2026, where he had a track record of driving significant business transformation and building leading global brands. Mr. Newlands has also served as a director of Hormel Foods Corporation since November 2018 and is currently its Chairman of the Board. He has been a member of KDP s Board since March 2026. Mr. Newlands joined Constellation in 2015 as Chief Growth Officer and later served as the company s Chief Operating Officer before serving as President and CEO for just over seven years. Mr. Newlands previously served as President, North America at Beam, Inc. Under his leadership, Beam became one of the fastest-growing companies in its category. Previous appointments include a series of progressive roles at LVMH Chandon Estates, wine.com, Allied Domecq Wines USA, Beam Wine Estates and Beam Spirits U.S. Mr. Newlands holds a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Science from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Qualifications: Mr. Newlands brings to the Board extensive executive and management experience in the consumer products industry. He has leadership experience in operations, strategy, global brand building, M A and integration. Mr. Newlands also has strong public company board and corporate governance experience. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors Age: 69 Director Since: 2018 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Hilton Grand Vacations, Inc., Texas Instruments Incorporated, Payoneer Global Inc. Pamela Patsley Pamela Pam Patsley served as the Executive Chairman of MoneyGram International, Inc., a payments and money transfer company, from 2016 to 2018 and as its Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2015. She has been on KDP s Board since the Company was created in July 2018, having previously served on the Board of Dr Pepper Snapple Group. Ms. Patsley has extensive management experience at multinational companies. Prior to MoneyGram International, she held positions as Senior Executive Vice President of First Data Corporation, President of First Data International, and President and Chief Executive Officer of Paymentech, Inc. before its acquisition by First Data. She serves on the Boards of Texas Instruments Incorporated, Hilton Grand Vacations, Inc. and Payoneer Global Inc. She was previously on the Boards of ACI Worldwide, Inc., Molson Coors Brewing Company, Pegasus Solutions, Inc., and Paymentech, Inc. She holds a degree in accounting from the University of Missouri. Qualifications: Ms. Patsley brings to the Board extensive management experience at multiple multinational companies and a deep understanding of audit, financial control and technology matters. Ms. Patsley has extensive public company board and corporate governance experience. Age: 66 Director Since: 2021 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, Dollar General Corporation, Gannett Co., Inc. Debra Sandler Debra Sandler is the President and Chief Executive Officer of consulting firm La Grenade Group, LLC and the founder and former CEO of Mavis Foods, LLC, a food company focusing on direct-to-consumer sales. She has been on KDP s Board since March 2021. Ms. Sandler has extensive experience in the consumer packaged goods industry and a deep understanding of consumer behavior and the evolving retail landscape. She previously served as Chief Health and Wellbeing Officer at Mars, Incorporated and Chief Consumer Officer and President of Mars Chocolate North America. She also held senior leadership positions with Johnson Johnson, including as Worldwide President for McNeil Nutritionals LLC, and spent more than a decade with PepsiCo, Inc. Ms. Sandler serves on the Board of Archer Daniels Midland Inc., Dollar General Corporation and Gannett Co., Inc. She is also a member of the Board of Advisors for Pharmavite, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceuticals, and a trustee for Hofstra University. Ms. Sandler is a regular speaker on topics such as diversity and inclusion, multicultural business development and health and wellbeing in the consumer packaged goods industry. She holds a bachelor s degree from Hofstra University and a master s degree in Marketing from New York University. Qualifications: Ms. Sandler brings to the Board an extensive understanding of consumer behavior and the evolving retail environment, including valuable e-commerce and strategic planning experience. Ms. Sandler has a proven record of creating, building, enhancing, and leading well-known consumer brands as a result of the leadership positions she has held with Mars, Johnson Johnson and PepsiCo. 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors Age: 64 Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Fifth Third Bancorp Michael Van de Ven Michael Van de Ven has served as executive advisor to Southwest Airlines Co., a major airline, since January 2023, prior to which time he was Southwest s President from September 2021 to December 2022 and its Chief Operating Officer from May 2008 to December 2022. He has been a member of KDP s Board since April 2025. Mr. Van de Ven joined Southwest in 1993 and held positions of increasing responsibility with the airline, including within the internal audit, financial planning and analysis, fleet planning, aircraft operations and schedule planning areas. Prior to joining Southwest, he also served as senior audit manager for Ernst Young LLP for nine years ending in 1993. Mr. Van de Ven currently serves on the Board of Fifth Third Bancorp and previously served on the Board of Comerica Incorporated prior to its acquisition. He holds a bachelor s degree in Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin and is a licensed Certified Public Accountant. Qualifications: Mr. Van de Ven brings to the Board a broad range of extensive business management experience, including mergers and acquisitions, a strong background in risk management and corporate governance, logistics and network operations, customer services, international expansion, safety management systems and running large, complex and highly regulated operations. He has financial acumen developed through his executive experience and his experience as a Certified Public Accountant. Age: 57 Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Brown-Forman Corporation Lawson Whiting Lawson Whiting has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Brown-Forman Corporation, a large spirits and wine business, since January 2019 and has served on Brown-Forman Corporation s executive leadership team since 2013. Mr. Whiting joined KDP s Board in April 2025. Prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer of Brown-Forman Corporation, Mr. Whiting served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Brown-Forman, where he oversaw regional operations, global production and corporate responsibility. He began his career at Brown-Forman in 1997 in the Corporate Development group and subsequently served as the Director of Investor Relations, Director of Finance for Wines, Director of Global Business Strategy for the Jack Daniel s family of brands and Director of Finance, North America region. He was then promoted to Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Western Europe, based in London, before returning to the United States as Chief Brands Officer. Mr. Whiting serves on the Board of Brown-Forman Corporation. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from Miami University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago s Graduate School of Business. Qualifications: Mr. Whiting brings to the Board extensive experience as an executive in the consumer packaged goods industry. He has leadership experience in roles spanning operations, production, corporate responsibility, finance, strategy and management, among other areas. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE P RACTICES KDP is committed to strong corporate governance policies and practices, which are embodied in our Corporate Governance Principles, available at www.keurigdrpepper.com. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee (the RemCo ), prior to its dissolution in March 2026, reviewed the Corporate Governance Principles annually to reflect evolving best practices and regulatory requirements, including Nasdaq listing standards. Beginning in March 2026, the newly formed Nominating and Governance Committee assumed this responsibility. The governance practices highlighted below are reflected in the Corporate Governance Principles, our Bylaws and our committee charters, as appropriate. Board Leadership Structure The Board is responsible for broad corporate policy and overall performance of the Company through oversight of management and stewardship of the Company. Among other duties, the Board approves compensation for the Company s executive officers, advises them, assigns to them responsibility for management of the Company s business, and monitors their performance. The Board recognizes that its leadership structure particularly the combination or separation of the CEO and Chair roles is driven by the needs of the Company, and that different leadership structures are appropriate for different circumstances. As a result, the Company does not have a policy requiring either the combination or separation of leadership roles. Instead, the Board periodically evaluates its leadership structure and maintains flexibility to determine which arrangement is best suited for the conditions facing the Company at that time. Chair of the Board Since Mr. Cofer s appointment as CEO, KDP has maintained separate CEO and Chair roles, with Mr. Gamgort serving as Executive Chairman from April 26, 2024 to April 24, 2025, then as non-employee Chairman of the Board until March 31, 2026. Effective April 1, 2026, the Board appointed Ms. Patsley as independent Chair of the Board, with the same responsibilities that Mr. Gamgort held in his non-employee Chairman role, as summarized below. In their roles as a non-employee Chairman and Chair of the Board, respectively, Mr. Gamgort s responsibilities included and Ms. Patsley s responsibilities currently include: Advising the CEO on strategy and execution, without a day-to-day role in operations; Acting as a liaison between the Board and management; Presiding at Board meetings and chairing the annual meeting of stockholders; Working with the CEO to develop and approve Board agendas; and As requested by the CEO, serving as the voice of the Board in investor and other strategic external communications. In addition, as an independent director, Ms. Patsley s role as Chair also includes promoting the independence of the Board and assisting in annual Board self-evaluations. Prior to her appointment as Chair, Ms. Patsley served as the Lead Independent Director, beginning in December 2024. Ms. Patsley has extensive experience on public company boards and in management, including her leadership as a public company CEO and Executive Chairman, lending to her expertise in corporate governance practices. Ms. Patsley also has a deep understanding of KDP s business due to her 18 years of service on KDP s Board. The Board believes she is well positioned to carry out the responsibilities of the Chair of the Board and provide constructive and informed guidance to management. The current governance structure permits Mr. Cofer to focus on managing and operating the Company during the present transformational period, and allowed Mr. Gamgort to focus on strategic issues determined by the Board. Following a multi-year succession planning process, Ms. Patsley s appointment to the Chair role represents the Company s commitment to independent oversight and guidance during a key transformational period for the Company. Board Meetings Our Board met 19 times during 2025. Each current director attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and committees on which such director served that were held during 2025 while the director was a member. Directors are also expected to attend annual meetings of stockholders, and seven of our eight directors who were on the Board at the time attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices In addition to Board and committee meetings, our directors also discharge their duties through, among other things, less formal group communications, including discussions, briefings and educational sessions with members of senior management and others as appropriate regarding relevant matters. Committees Until March 2, 2026, the Board had two standing committees, the RemCo and the Audit and Finance Committee (the Audit Committee ). In 2025, the RemCo and the Audit Committee each held eight meetings. Effective March 2, 2026, to further align KDP s governance structures with best practices, the Board approved the dissolution of the RemCo and the formation of two new standing committees, the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee s focus is on executive and Board compensation, talent, human resources and related matters. The Nominating and Governance Committee has assumed the responsibility for corporate governance, Board recruitment and related matters. The membership of the current standing committees is set forth below. The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee outlined below were previously held by the RemCo. Charters for each of our standing committees are available at our corporate governance webpage at www.keurigdrpepper.com. All members of the RemCo (prior to its dissolution), the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Audit Committee satisfy the standards of independence applicable to members of such committees, including Nasdaq listing standards. All members of the Audit Committee meet the financial literacy requirements under Nasdaq listing standards and independence requirements under Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Board has also determined that all of the members of the Audit Committee are audit committee financial experts within the meaning of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and have financial sophistication in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards. The Board has determined that all members of the RemCo (prior to its dissolution), the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee meet the heightened independence standards under the Nasdaq listing standards and are non-employee directors as defined under Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Current Members Pamela Patsley (Chair) (1) William Newlands Debra Sandler Formed in 2026 Primary Responsibilities Identify and recommend to the Board individuals qualified to serve as directors of the Company. Advise the Board with respect to the size, structure, composition and functioning of the Board and its committees. Review the Corporate Governance Principles and recommend changes to the Board as appropriate. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Current Members Oray Boston (Chair) (1) Pamela Patsley Lawson Whiting Formed in 2026 Primary Responsibilities Assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to executive compensation and oversight of the Company s executive compensation plans, policies and programs. Assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to the compensation of directors on the Board. Review the Company s human capital management strategies. Oversee the evaluation of the Board and management performance. See also Compensation Discussion and Analysis for information regarding the processes and procedures followed by the Committee in considering and determining executive compensation. The Committee at its discretion and as appropriate from time to time may delegate duties and responsibilities to a member of the Committee or to a subcommittee to the extent permitted by applicable law. (1) Ms. Patsley served as Chair of the RemCo until its dissolution on March 2, 2026. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE Current Members Michael Van de Ven (Chair) (1) Juliette Hickman Robert Singer Amie Thuener 8 Meetings Held in 2025 Primary Responsibilities Oversee the integrity of the Company s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls, including the integrity of the Company s financial statements. Oversee compliance with KDP s Code of Conduct and laws and regulations. Oversee the independence, qualifications and performance of the Company s independent auditors and internal audit department. Oversee cybersecurity risk management. See also Report of the Audit Committee. (1) Mr. Singer served as Chair of the Audit Committee until November 3, 2025. The Board s Oversight Responsibilities The Company s corporate governance practices and policies provide substantial independent oversight of management. For instance: The Board has a majority of independent and non-employee directors. Eight of the nine director nominees are independent under Nasdaq s listing rules and are non-employee directors. All of the Company s directors are elected annually. The Board s standing committees are composed solely of independent directors. The Nominating and Governance Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Audit Committee are each composed solely of independent directors. The committees provide independent oversight of management. The Board s non-employee directors and independent directors meet regularly in executive session. The non-employee directors meet regularly in executive session without management present and, consistent with Nasdaq listing rules, the independent directors also meet regularly in executive session. These sessions are chaired by the Chair of the Board. Board Oversight of Risk The Board views the oversight of the Company s strategy and operations as one of its key responsibilities and understands that risk is inherent in accomplishing the Company s objectives. Oversight of the Company s risk management is therefore an important function of the Board. The Board and management consider factors such as a risk s likelihood, potential impact and time horizon. To evaluate risk and administer its oversight function, the Board relies on the breadth and depth of experience of its directors, delegating responsibility to its standing committees as appropriate. The Board also discusses risks during its executive sessions. Management plays a key role in risk management and regularly provides updates to the Board. The Board is also informed on the recommendations of external advisors, including law firms, financial and investment banking firms, auditors, management and compensation consultants and other experts. The Board of Directors The Board as a whole primarily oversees matters related to strategic and operational risk. The Board s standing committees report to the full Board regarding their respective considerations and actions. The Board s role in the Company s risk oversight process includes reviewing and discussing with members of management areas of material risk to the Company, including strategic, operational, financial and legal risks. The Audit and Finance Committee The Audit Committee oversees matters of financial, legal and compliance risk. In administering this oversight, the Audit Committee regularly receives reports from the Controller, Treasurer, General Counsel, head of Internal Audit and others, and it meets directly with the Company s independent auditors. The Audit Committee has been delegated responsibility for oversight of data privacy and cybersecurity risk and receives regular updates from the Company s Chief Information Officer and its Chief Information Security Officer. The Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee (and before its formation, the RemCo) addresses risks related to compensation and other talent-related matters. It receives regular reports from the Chief Human Resources Officer and its independent compensation consultant, Frederic W. Cook Co. ( FW Cook ). 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices The Nominating and Governance Committee The Nominating and Governance Committee (and before its formation, the RemCo) oversees corporate governance matters, including the Board s structure and leadership and succession planning. In administering this oversight, the Nominating and Governance Committee receives reports from the Chief Legal Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, law firms and other external advisors. Management Management plays a central role in the Company s risk management and regularly provides updates to the Board on a variety of relevant matters, including strategy and operations, cybersecurity, data privacy, sustainability, human capital management, supply chain, legal matters and other key topics. The Company s processes, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls are designed to facilitate the identification and management of risks and to cause key risks to be escalated to the Board. In some cases, management implements its risk management function through internal committees. The Company s full Disclosure Review Committee meets at least quarterly and is comprised of several members of senior management, including our Controller, General Counsel, the financial heads for our business units, the heads of Internal Audit and Financial Planning Analysis and others. The Disclosure Review Committee discusses key issues within the Company that may implicate public reporting, which are elevated to the Audit Committee or Board, as appropriate. Board Oversight of Corporate Responsibility The Board oversees KDP s corporate responsibility strategy and initiatives and sets the tone for the Company s commitment to working to make a positive impact for people, communities and the planet. Our Corporate Governance Principles reflect our longstanding commitment to addressing corporate responsibility matters directly with the full Board. The Board oversees the Company s strategies and commitments for, among other issues, climate and nature action; water use and stewardship; packaging and circular economy; human rights, responsible sourcing and supply chain livelihoods; consumer health and well-being; employee heath, safety and well-being; and corporate governance and ethics. The Compensation Committee assists the Board with oversight of human capital management strategies, and the Nominating and Governance Committee assists with corporate governance matters. The full Board approves long-term initiatives and commitments under our key impact areas, as described under KDP Purpose and Impact above. KDP executive leaders help guide and develop these corporate responsibility programs; the KDP Executive Leadership Team works to promote alignment of our corporate responsibility approach and strategies with our long-term business objectives, provides advisory support on programs and monitors progress. Additionally, in preparation for the separation into two independent companies, the leadership team of each of the Beverage and Coffee Operating Units will meet regularly with the Executive Leadership Team to promote cross-functional decision-making and the alignment of operating unit strategy and oversee progress toward commitments. The Chief Corporate Affairs Officer provides periodic updates on progress to the Board. We are committed to transparency and disclosure of our strategies, programs, progress and governance. Our corporate responsibility report is available on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com, as are our policies, including our ethics and compliance policies. The information on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Proxy Statement. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices Board and Committee Evaluations The Board, as well as each standing committee, conducts an annual self-evaluation to assess its performance. All directors participate in the formal evaluation process, responding to written questions designed to elicit information to be used in improving Board and committee effectiveness. Director feedback is shared on an anonymous basis with the entire Board and committees and, where appropriate, addressed with management. In response to feedback from the evaluation process, our Board and committees work with management to improve our policies and procedures to further Board and committee effectiveness. In 2025, the Board assessed Board performance by soliciting director input on governance matters through a written evaluation. Additionally, our Lead Independent Director conducted one-on-one discussions to solicit additional feedback from each individual director. The results of the evaluation process were shared with the Board and committees, and the Board has subsequently taken action to address the feedback received. Among other actions stemming from the 2025 self-evaluation process, the Board has recruited two additional independent directors, Mr. Newlands and Ms. Thuener, and has fulfilled its commitment to form a standalone Nominating and Governance Committee. In late 2024, the Board engaged in a process intended to assess Board performance at a deeper level and to solicit director input on governance matters going forward. In addition to a written evaluation, looking forward to 2025, the Board retained a third-party corporate governance specialist to conduct one-on-one discussions to solicit additional feedback from each individual director. The results of the evaluation process were shared with the Board and committees, and the Board subsequently took action to address the feedback received. Among other actions stemming from the late 2024 self-evaluation process, the Board recruited two additional independent directors, Mr. Van de Ven and Mr. Whiting, in early 2025, and committed to form a standalone Nominating and Governance Committee, which was completed in 2026. Code of Conduct We are dedicated to earning the trust of our customers and investors, and our actions are guided by the principles of integrity, trustworthiness, dependability and respect. The Company has adopted Codes of Conduct that all employees, officers and directors are expected to adhere to, and our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller are all subject to the Keurig Dr Pepper Code of Conduct. All employees and all Board members are required to participate in annual Code of Conduct training and certifications, and a material violation of the Code of Conduct is cause for termination. Our Codes of Conduct are posted on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com within Our Policies found under Who We Are on our homepage. To the extent disclosure is required, we intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K or applicable stock exchange rules regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Conduct for our directors and executive officers (including senior financial officers) by posting such information on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com. 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices Insider Trading Policy We have adopted policies and procedures governing the purchase of, sale of, and other transactions in KDP securities by directors, officers, employees and other covered persons, as well as KDP itself. These policies and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable listing standards. For additional information, see a copy of our Insider Trading Policy, which was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Related Person Transactions Policy We have adopted a written Related Person Transactions Policy, which applies to any transaction or proposed transaction in which KDP is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a related person under the policy has a direct or indirect material interest. In general, related persons are directors, executive officers, their immediate family members, and stockholders beneficially owning more than 5% of our outstanding stock, as well as their immediate family members. Pursuant to this policy, management determines whether a transaction requires review by the disinterested directors of the Board or Audit Committee. Based on its consideration of all of the relevant facts and circumstances, the disinterested members of the Board or Audit Committee, as applicable, decide whether or not to approve such transactions and approve only those transactions that are deemed to be in the best interests of KDP and its stockholders. Our Related Person Transactions Policy also includes certain exceptions for transactions that are considered pre-approved under the terms of the policy. Certain Related Person Transactions Commercial Arrangements with JAB Related Persons KDP has previously negotiated and disclosed a number of arm s length commercial arrangements with Peet s Coffee Tea, Inc. ( Peet s ), Caribou Coffee Company, Inc. ( Caribou ), Einstein Bros Bagels ( Einstein Bros ), and Krispy Kreme, Inc. ( Krispy Kreme ). JAB BevCo B.V. ( JAB ), who was a more than 5% stockholder of KDP until May 5, 2025, had controlling or significant investments in Peet s, Krispy Kreme and Panera Brands, which includes Caribou and Einstein Bros. KDP licenses the Caribou and Krispy Kreme trademarks for use in the manufacturing of portion packs for the Keurig brewing system. KDP also sells various syrups and packaged beverages to Caribou, Einstein Bros and Krispy Kreme for resale to retail customers. At the time JAB was a more than 5% stockholder, KDP also purchased certain raw materials from Peet s and manufactured coffee and tea portion packs under Peet s brands for sale by KDP and Peet s in the U.S. and Canada. Peet s was also an authorized distributor of KDP products. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based on our review of such reports and written representations from our directors and officers, except as previously reported, we believe that all such filing requirements were met from January 1, 2025 through the record date, with the exception of a Form 3 for Olivier Lemire filed late on September 17, 2025 due to administrative delay. Where to Find More Information You can access our corporate governance documents, including the policies listed below, at www.keurigdrpepper.com. We will also provide copies of any of these documents to stockholders upon written request to the Corporate Secretary. Bylaws Corporate Governance Principles Board Committee Charters KDP Code of Conduct Responsible Public Policy Advocacy Policy Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices Stockholder Outreach and Communications with the Board As part of our effort to better understand our stockholders perspectives, we regularly engage with our stockholders, seeking their input and views on various matters. We discuss a variety of topics with our stockholders, including the Company s business strategy, financial performance, executive compensation and corporate responsibility matters. The Board values our stockholders perspectives, and the feedback we receive continues to inform our policies and practices. Any interested party may communicate with the Board, the Chair of the Board or the independent directors on a Board-related issue by sending an email to ir@kdrp.com or corporatesecretary@kdrp.com or sending a written communication to: Corporate Secretary, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., 6425 Hall of Fame Lane, Frisco, TX 75034. Communications related to the responsibilities of the Board will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual director or directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. Director Compensation Our non-employee director compensation program is guided by three goals: compensation should fairly pay directors for work required in a company of our size and scope; compensation should align directors interests with the long-term interests of stockholders; and the structure of the compensation should be easy for stockholders to understand. The Board believes that a director s total compensation should include a significant equity component because it believes that this closely aligns the long-term interests of directors with those of stockholders and provides a continuing incentive for directors to foster the Company s success. In furtherance of these goals, our non-employee directors are bound by an equity ownership requirement of at least five times the annual cash board retainer. Directors compensation is determined by the Board, and the Compensation Committee (and previously, the RemCo) makes recommendations to the Board based on periodic benchmarking assessments and advice received from FW Cook, its independent compensation consultant. In connection with the introduction of a non-executive Board Chair role, in April 2025, the Board reviewed and approved the compensation for the Chair of the Board at an annual cash retainer of $200,000 and an annual equity award of $300,000 in lieu of the standard annual cash board retainer and annual equity award. As described further in the Compensation Discussion Analysis and Executive Compensation Tables below, Mr. Gamgort received pro-rated retainers for his partial years of service in 2025 and 2026 as a non-employee Chair, and Ms. Patsley received such Chair retainers in connection with her assumption of the role in March 2026. 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices Summary of 2025 Director Compensation Elements Annual Compensation Elements Amount Board Retainer $ 110,000 Board Chair Retainer 200,000 Audit and Finance Committee Chair Retainer 40,000 Remuneration and Nomination Committee Chair Retainer (1) 30,000 Lead Director Retainer 40,000 Annual Equity Award 175,000 Annual Board Chair Equity Award 300,000 (1) Applicable for the Compensation Committee Chair and the Nominating and Governance Committee Chair upon the formation of these committees in 2026. In determining the number of shares that will be issued in connection with an annual equity award to directors, the Company divides the dollar amount of an award approved by the Board by the closing price per share of KDP common stock on the grant date of the award. Annual equity awards to directors vest in full on the fifth anniversary of the grant date. If a director s service with the Company terminates for any reason, the award will vest in full on the termination date, except that awards granted within one year of the termination date will vest on a pro-rata basis. Non-Employee Director Compensation for Fiscal 2025 The following table contains information with respect to the annual compensation of our non-employee directors earned during 2025 with respect to their Board service. Mr. Gamgort served as Executive Chairman until April 24, 2025, at which time he transitioned to the role of non-employee Chairman of the Board. His compensation in both capacities is described in the Compensation Discussion Analysis and Executive Compensation Tables below. Ms. Thuener and Mr. Newlands did not serve on the Board during fiscal 2025. Name Fees Earned Or Paid In Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Oray Boston 110,000 163,672 273,672 Joachim Creus (4) 45,833 45,833 Frank Engelen (5) 45,833 45,833 Olivier Goudet (6) 45,833 45,833 Juliette Hickman 215,000 163,672 378,672 Paul Michaels (7) 109,975 163,672 273,647 Pamela Patsley 260,000 163,672 423,672 Debra Sandler 110,000 163,672 273,672 Robert Singer 150,000 163,672 313,672 Michael Van de Ven 55,000 85,932 140,932 Lawson Whiting 55,000 85,932 140,932 (1) The amounts reported in this column reflect cash retainers paid in 2025. For Ms. Hickman and Ms. Patsley, this includes a one-time $105,000 cash fee for their service on a Transaction Committee formed in connection with the JDE Peet s acquisition. The directors are paid their cash retainers quarterly in arrears. (2) The amounts reported in this column reflect the grant date fair value of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) granted to each director and are computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Stock Compensation ( ASC 718 ). In accordance with ASC 718, the amounts reported in this column are lower than the face value of the awards when approved because the RSUs do not accrue or otherwise participate in the Company s dividends prior to vesting. Even though the RSUs may be forfeited, the amounts reported do not reflect this contingency. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices (3) The following table shows the aggregate number of outstanding RSUs held by each non-employee director that served during 2025, as of December 31, 2025. Mr. Creus, Mr. Engelen, Mr. Goudet and Mr. Michaels were no longer serving as Company directors as of December 31, 2025 and held no outstanding unvested KDP equity awards as of such date. Name KDP RSUs Oray Boston 16,096 Joachim Creus Frank Engelen Olivier Goudet Juliette Hickman 25,596 Paul Michaels Pamela Patsley 25,596 Debra Sandler 22,655 Robert Singer 25,596 Michael Van de Ven 3,210 Lawson Whiting 3,210 (4) Mr. Creus resigned from the Board effective February 28, 2025. (5) Mr. Engelen resigned from the Board effective February 28, 2025. (6) Mr. Goudet resigned from the Board effective February 28, 2025. (7) Mr. Michaels did not stand for reelection at the 2025 Annual Meeting, and his service with the Board ended effective June 18, 2025. 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Executive Officers E XECUTIVE O FFICERS Our executive officers, as of April 20, 2026, are as follows: Executive Officers Age Position Timothy Cofer 57 Chief Executive Officer Mary Beth DeNooyer 55 Chief Human Resources Officer Anthony DiSilvestro 67 Chief Financial Officer Eric Gorli 51 President, U.S. Refreshment Beverages Roger Johnson 47 Chief Transformation Officer Rafael Oliveira 51 Chief Executive Officer, Coffee Operating Unit Anthony Shoemaker 43 Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary For more information about Mr. Cofer, see Proposal 1 Election of Directors. Biographical information about our other executive officers is set forth below: Mary Beth DeNooyer Chief Human Resources Officer Mary Beth DeNooyer joined KDP as Chief Human Resources Officer in July 2019. She leads all Human Resources responsibilities including recruitment, talent management and organizational development, compensation and benefits, employee and labor relations, and employee engagement and inclusion. With nearly 30 years of career experience in food and beverage companies, Ms. DeNooyer has extensive experience in designing and implementing HR processes and programs to support publicly traded companies. Prior to joining KDP, she served as Chief HR Officer at Pinnacle Foods for six years, as Chief Human Resources Officer for Hillshire Brands and held key HR roles at Sara Lee. She spent more than a decade with Pepsi Bottling Group, holding progressive HR leadership roles, and started her career with General Mills. She holds a master s degree in Industrial and Labor Relations from Cornell University and a bachelor s degree in Business Administration from Drexel University. Anthony DiSilvestro Chief Financial Officer Anthony DiSilvestro has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2025 and leads the Finance and Technology organizations. Mr. DiSilvestro has more than 40 years of diversified industry experience, including a track record of strategic leadership, cost structure optimization and large-scale transactions at Campbell Soup Company and Mattel, Inc. He has more than 25 years of boardroom experience and is a leader in the areas of corporate finance, financial reporting, strategy, mergers acquisitions, tax, treasury, audit, operations and investor relations. Most recently, Mr. DiSilvestro served as Chief Financial Officer of Mattel, Inc., a toy manufacturing and entertainment company from 2020 to 2025. During his five years as CFO, he modernized and elevated the finance organization, fortified the company s balance sheet and credit profile, and drove strong cost discipline and productivity across the enterprise. Prior to Mattel, he had a distinguished career at Campbell Soup Company, rising through a series of financial leadership roles, including Senior Vice President, Finance; Vice President, Controller; and Vice President, Finance and Strategy for Campbell International. As Chief Financial Officer from 2014 2019, he led a transformation of Campbell s cost structure and oversaw major transactions, including multiple acquisitions and divestitures. He began his career at Scott Paper Company, where he held positions of increasing responsibility in finance and administration. Mr. DiSilvestro earned an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania and holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Dartmouth College. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Table of Contents Executive Officers Eric Gorli President, U.S. Refreshment Beverages Eric Gorli has served as KDP s President, U.S. Refreshment Beverages since January 2025. He oversees KDP s liquid refreshment business, which includes the carbonated soft drinks, still beverages and energy drink portfolios in the U.S. Since joining KDP in 2015, Eric has been a key leader in commercialization efforts across the enterprise, developing the Company s pricing, promotional and growth strategies. He was a member of the deal and integration team for the creation of KDP and served most recently as Chief Commercial Officer of KDP from January 2023 to January 2025, with accountability for both coffee and refreshment beverages product lines, and Senior Vice President, Revenue Growth Management Commercial from July 2018 to January 2023. Prior to KDP, Eric spent nearly 20 years in roles within The Coca-Cola Company s system across both bottling operations and Coca-Cola North America. His last major role was leading the Revenue Growth Management function for Coca-Cola North America. Eric is a graduate of the Georgia Institute of Technology with a degree in Industrial Systems Engineering. Roger Johnson Chief Transformation Officer Roger Johnson was named Chief Transformation Officer in September 2025. Previously, he was KDP s Chief Supply Chain Officer since October 2022. He is responsible for the Company s end-to-end supply chain, including manufacturing, procurement, logistics, warehousing, transportation and quality, environment, health and safety. Mr. Johnson joined KDP in 2016 and has held several leadership positions across the supply chain and R D organizations, including Chief Product Officer for the Keurig brand from September 2021 to October 2022 and Senior Vice President, Global Product Organization and GM Asia from April 2020 to September 2021. In those roles, he established KDP s global operations center in Singapore, diversified the organization s brewer manufacturing network across Asia and designed highly successful brewer innovation strategies. With more than 20 years of experience in consumer durables, electronics, food and beverage and automotive industries, Mr. Johnson has held leadership roles in product development, engineering and supply chain for organizations including BISSELL Homecare, Whirlpool Corporation and Ford Motor Company. He holds a bachelor s and master s degree in engineering from Purdue University and an MBA from the University of Michigan. Rafael Oliveira Chief Executive Officer, Coffee Operating Unit Rafael Oliveira has served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Coffee Operating Unit since April 1, 2026 and has been named by the Board to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the future Global Coffee Co. upon separation. He has served as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of JDE Peet s, now a subsidiary of the Company, since November 2024. Prior to JDE Peet s, Rafa spent 10 years at The Kraft Heinz Company, a multinational food company, where he successfully drove growth, innovation and sustainability initiatives, developing business leaders while serving in various executive roles, including Executive Vice President and President of International Markets such as EMEA, APAC, and LATAM. Before his tenure at Kraft Heinz, Rafa spent 10 years at Goldman Sachs Group, holding several senior leadership roles, including Executive Director in the Securities Division in the United Kingdom and in the Emerging Markets Division in Hong Kong. He began his career in Brazil, working in the Equity Research divisions at Banco Icatu and Banco BBA-Creditanstalt. Rafa holds an International MBA from the University of Chicago and a bachelor s degree in economics from Pontif cia Universidade Cat lica do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Anthony Shoemaker Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Anthony Shoemaker has served as our Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel Corporate Secretary since October 2021. His role expanded to include the Company s Corporate Affairs organization in April 2025. Prior to this appointment, he had been with the Company as Senior Vice President and Assistant General Counsel from April 2020 to September 2021, leading the legal efforts for securities, corporate governance, finance, tax, treasury and mergers and acquisitions. Before KDP, Mr. Shoemaker served as Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Tenet Healthcare, a healthcare services company, where he held various positions of increasing responsibility from September 2014, including most recently as Assistant General Counsel Corporate Secretary from May 2018 to April 2020, and was responsible for a broad range of corporate and transactional legal matters. He began his legal career as a corporate attorney at Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP. Mr. Shoemaker holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Management from Abilene Christian University and received his Juris Doctorate from The University of Chicago Law School. 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Proposal 2 Advisory Resolution to Approve KDP S Executive Compensation P ROPOSAL 2 A DVISORY R ESOLUTION TO A PPROVE KDP S E XECUTIVE C OMPENSATION As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the Company is asking stockholders to approve an advisory resolution to approve the Company s executive compensation as reported in this Proxy Statement. As described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement, the Company s executive compensation programs are designed to attract and retain talent through the alignment of pay and financial interests of our executives with stockholder value creation. We will continue to design and implement our compensation programs and policies in line with this philosophy to promote superior performance results and generate greater value for our stockholders. In accordance with the Exchange Act, and as a matter of good corporate governance, the Company is asking stockholders to approve the following non-binding advisory resolution at the 2026 Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (the Company ) approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the related narrative discussion in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Because your vote on this proposal is advisory, it will not be binding on the Board. However, the Compensation Committee and the Board will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions. The Board currently holds this say on pay advisory vote on an annual basis and expects the next such vote after the 2026 Annual Meeting will be held at the Company s 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board unanimously recommends that KDP s stockholders vote FOR the approval of the Advisory Resolution to Approve KDP s Executive Compensation Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis C OMPENSATION D ISCUSSION AND A NALYSIS The Compensation Discussion and Analysis that follows describes our executive compensation philosophy and programs, as well as the compensation-setting process and the compensation of our named executive officers ( NEOs ) for 2025. During 2025, KDP s compensation program was administered by the RemCo, which, effective March 2, 2026, separated into a newly-created Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committee. For purposes of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Committee means the RemCo or the Compensation Committee, as applicable at the time of the relevant reference. Our NEOs for fiscal 2025 are: Timothy Cofer Chief Executive Officer Anthony DiSilvestro* Chief Financial Officer Eric Gorli President, U.S. Refreshment Beverages Roger Johnson Chief Transformation Officer Anthony Shoemaker Chief Legal Officer General Counsel Robert Gamgort** Former Executive Chairman Sudhanshu Priyadarshi* Former Chief Financial Officer * Mr. DiSilvestro was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective November 25, 2025. Mr. Priyadarshi, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer transitioned from his role on November 25, 2025 and served as a senior advisor providing transition services until his termination of employment on April 7, 2026. ** Mr. Gamgort served as Executive Chairman until April 24, 2025, at which time he transitioned to the role of non-employee Chairman of the Board. He retired from his role as Chairman of the Board and a director of the Company effective March 31, 2026. Table of Contents Overview 24 Roles and Responsibilities with Regard to Compensation 27 Peer Group, Market Data and Benchmarking 27 2025 Compensation Decisions 28 Other Matters 33 Overview 2025 Performance Highlights During 2025, KDP achieved the following financial and operational highlights: Continued top- and bottom- line growth momentum Net sales growth of more than 8% driven by U.S. Refreshment Beverages and International segments Core Portfolio strength and robust growth in emerging platforms The successful GHOST integration contributed approximately 4% to volume/mix growth During 2025, KDP delivered on our guidance, with net sales growth of over 8% in constant currency and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 7%. We believe we navigated the dynamic operating environment with agility and executed well in the marketplace with strong innovation and commercial activation of our brands. At the same time, we laid the groundwork for KDP s transformational next chapter through our announced acquisition of JDE Peet s, which we closed on April 1, 2026, and planned separation into two independent, publicly traded companies. KDP also continued to enhance our positive impact on a variety of stakeholders through KDP Impact , our multi-year environmental and social agenda comprised of strategic initiatives that aim to make a positive impact with every drink. These achievements were the direct outcome of the talent, dedication and hard work of our employees across KDP. Net sales growth and Adjusted diluted EPS growth are presented on a constant currency basis and are non-GAAP measures. Please refer to Appendix A to this Proxy Statement for a description and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures relative to the reported GAAP financial measures. 24 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Our Compensation Philosophy Practices KDP is driven by top beverage talent, anchored in our values of Team First, Deliver Big, Think Bold and Be Fearless and Fair. KDP s team is a key driver of its success, and the Company s compensation philosophy for senior leaders is designed to spur their performance. KDP s Board has long required senior executives to acquire and hold a significant amount of Company shares over long time horizons. These compensation practices distinguish KDP from most of its peers, and the Board believes they are a key component of the Company s success. KDP s Board seeks senior executives who are more than managers and truly act as co-owners of the enterprise alongside its stockholders. The primary objectives of our executive compensation program are to: Attract and retain highly qualified and experienced executives Motivate executives to achieve results and progress against KDP s strategic agenda while adhering to our values Encourage, reinforce and reward long-term delivery of stockholder value Align executives interests with stockholders interests by requiring the purchase and retention of significant levels of KDP stock Elements of KDP s Compensation Program NEO compensation consists of base salary, annual cash incentive awards under our Short-Term Incentive Plan ( STIP ) and annual equity awards under our Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ). Element Description Objective Base Salary Fixed cash paid regularly during the year See page 29 for more information To attract and retain highly qualified executives by offering salaries that are competitive with market opportunities and that reflect each executive s position, role, responsibility and experience Short-Term Incentive Plan Variable performance-based cash payment earned upon achievement of annual performance goals, paid during the first quarter of the subsequent year See page 29 for more information To motivate and reward executives for meeting challenging, objective performance goals across three categories: growth, profit and cash Annual Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards Time-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ) that vest over five years, or, for grants in 2025 and beyond, four years Beginning in 2025, performance-based restricted stock units ( PSUs ) that cliff vest after three years based on achievement of performance goals See page 31 for more information To reward performance over the longer term by encouraging focus on the long-term value of our stock while discouraging excessive risk taking that overemphasizes short-term and non-sustainable performance Elite Investment Program Required purchases of significant levels of KDP common stock coupled with a one-for-one matching award of RSUs ( Matching RSUs ) that generally cliff vest in five years This program has been retired beginning in November 2025 See page 32 for more information To directly align the interests of executives with stockholders by requiring significant personal investment in the Company over an extended period of time Competitive Pay Tied Closely to Long-Term Performance To retain high-quality talent to drive KDP s success, and to align the interests of our NEOs with our stockholders, a significant portion of executive compensation is tied to Company performance in the form of annual cash incentives and equity awards and, through 2025, required participation in our Elite Investment Program. Beginning in 2025, we added PSUs to our long-term incentive compensation program to more closely align executive compensation with Company performance and reward leaders for achieving long-term financial success for KDP. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis We benchmark our compensation against a peer group of companies with which we compete for key talent and investment and business opportunities (the Compensation Peer Group ), as described more fully below. The Committee generally reviews and targets the 50th percentile market pay level when assessing target annual cash compensation, the 75th percentile when assessing equity compensation, and between the 50th and 75th percentile when assessing total target compensation. In determining target compensation levels, in addition to market data, the Committee may consider factors such as individual experience, skill set, personal performance, retention risk, internal parity, time in the role, job scope and the recruitment landscape. As such, NEO target compensation may be positioned above or below the stated competitive range, and actual pay may be above or below target based on our financial and stock price performance. We also provide certain limited benefits and perquisites that are in line with market practice and typically represent a non-material aspect of compensation for our NEOs. Compensation Policies and Governance Practices Our compensation governance policies further align our executives interests with those of our stockholders and are designed to manage risk and follow best practices: Significant stock ownership required . KDP s Board strongly believes that significant long-term stock ownership by our executives is an important factor in aligning executive and stockholder interests to successfully deliver stockholder value over the long term. All NEOs and other senior executives are subject to a stock ownership requirement, and through 2025, were obligated to participate in the Elite Investment Program, which requires substantial investment in our Company and maintaining that entire investment for at least five years until associated Matching RSUs fully vest. Each of our NEOs have made substantial personal investments in KDP stock during their tenures and as of the record date, Messrs. Cofer, DiSilvestro, Gorli, Johnson and Shoemaker collectively own common stock valued at approximately $24 million. Incentives do not encourage excessive risk taking . In order to assess the risk inherent in the design of our compensation program, the Committee periodically reviews our plans and programs and has determined that our compensation program is not designed to encourage excessive risk taking. For example, we continue to utilize multiple performance measures under the annual STIP to reduce the risk of over-concentration on a single business or financial metric, while our equity awards generally have three- to five-year vesting periods tied to continued employment with the Company, which discourages excessive risk taking intended to optimize short-term and non-sustainable performance. Clawback policies that extend beyond the minimum legal requirements . We have adopted a Rule 10D-1 Clawback Policy intended to comply with the requirements of Nasdaq Listing Standard 5608 implementing Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act. In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, the Company will, subject to limited exceptions, recover, on a reasonably prompt basis, the excess incentive-based compensation received by any covered executive, including the NEOs, during the prior three fiscal years that exceeds the amount that the executive otherwise would have received had the incentive-based compensation been determined based on the restated financial statements. In addition to the Rule 10D-1 Clawback Policy, the Company maintains a Senior Leadership Clawback Policy applicable to our executive leadership, which allows for recoupment of short-term and long-term incentive compensation (including time-based equity awards) from certain executives, including the NEOs, in the event of certain misconduct. Double-trigger equity award vesting upon a change of control . All outstanding unvested equity awards that provide for additional or accelerated payment or fully accelerated vesting in connection with a change in the control of the Company, including the annual LTIP awards, require a double trigger, which means that accelerated vesting of equity will only occur upon a qualifying termination of employment in connection with a change of control (and not solely as a result of the completion of a change in control transaction). No hedging . Under our Insider Trading Policy, all employees and members of the Board are prohibited from engaging in any speculative transactions in KDP securities, including engaging in short sales, transactions involving put options, call options or other derivative securities, or any other forms of hedging transactions, such as collars or forward sale contracts. Employees and members of the Board must also obtain pre-clearance approval from the Legal Department to pledge KDP securities and are prohibited from pledging KDP securities for speculative purposes. No backdating or repricing of equity awards, including stock options . While stock options are not currently part of our compensation mix, repricing of stock options and issuing stock options at below-market exercise prices are strictly prohibited by our equity incentive plan, and any options we would grant must have an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant. Limited tax gross-ups . Any personal income taxes due as a result of compensation and/or perquisites, other than reimbursement for taxes incurred with respect to certain relocation-related expenses or expatriate assignments, are the responsibility of the NEOs. We do not provide tax gross-ups on any change-in-control benefits. Minimal perquisites . NEO perquisites are evaluated annually by the Committee for reasonableness and typically represent a non-material aspect of any NEO s total compensation. 26 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Roles and Responsibilities with Regard to Compensation Role of the CEO, Committee and Board The Committee annually evaluates and approves compensation for our NEOs and full Executive Leadership Team, including equity awards, bonus payouts and any changes in compensation packages. The Committee s determinations regarding the compensation of our executive officers take into account a variety of factors, including recommendations by our CEO (except regarding himself) and other factors the Committee believes appropriate. In assessing changes in overall target compensation levels, the Committee considers external market conditions, as well as factors such as individual experience, skill set, personal performance, retention risk, internal parity, time in the role, job scope and the recruitment landscape. Role of Compensation Consultant The Committee has engaged FW Cook to provide information regarding the Compensation Peer Group and compensation benchmarking data for NEOs and other executive-level positions, as well as information about market practices for incentive compensation, plan governance and executive compensation-related regulatory developments. Each year, the Committee assesses the independence of the compensation consultant, and for 2025, the Committee concluded that FW Cook is independent, and no conflict of interest exists with regard to FW Cook s engagement. FW Cook reports directly to the Committee. While members of senior management consulted with FW Cook, all decisions with respect to the amount and form of NEO compensation under our executive compensation programs were made solely by the Committee and the Board, and may reflect factors and considerations other than the information provided by FW Cook. Role of Stockholders As part of its annual processes, the Committee considers the results of the stockholder advisory vote on our executive compensation from prior years. Our stockholders continue to express support for our executive compensation programs to date, with approximately 95% of the votes cast in 2025 supporting the advisory vote, 85% supporting in 2024 and 82% supporting in 2023. In February 2025, the Board approved the addition of PSU awards to our LTIP, which certain stockholders had expressed would be desirable, given both closer alignment between executive compensation and Company performance and consistency with market practice. The Committee values feedback from our stockholders and will continue to consider such feedback as we design and implement our compensation programs and policies in line with our philosophy to promote superior performance results and generate greater value for our stockholders. Peer Group, Market Data and Benchmarking In establishing compensation for our NEOs, the Committee considers the compensation practices of the Compensation Peer Group and the pay levels for similar roles among the Compensation Peer Group companies. The Committee considered a total compensation range between the 50th and 75th percentile as reasonable for this purpose given the aggressive KDP business plan goals under the STIP and the high levels of at-risk pay for all KDP senior executives. The Committee periodically reviews the make-up of the Compensation Peer Group with input from FW Cook. The Compensation Peer Group includes companies that compete directly with us for executive talent and compete with us in the marketplace for business and investment opportunities. Effective for 2025, based on input from FW Cook, the Committee approved updates to the Compensation Peer Group based on multiple screening criteria, including company size, business relevance, robustness of compensation disclosure and scope of operations. Following such updates, the 2025 Compensation Peer Group was comprised of the following companies: Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV Kellanova* Brown-Forman The Kraft Heinz Company The Campbell s Company McCormick Company, Incorporated The Coca-Cola Company Molson Coors Beverage Company Constellation Brands, Inc. Mondel z International, Inc. Danone S.A. Monster Beverage Corporation Diageo plc Nestl S.A. The Hershey Company PepsiCo, Inc. The J.M. Smucker Company Starbucks Corporation * Kellanova remained in the Compensation Peer Group until its acquisition by Mars, Incorporated in December 2025. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2025 Compensation Decisions The specific compensation elements and decisions applicable to our NEOs 2025 compensation are described in detail below. Base Salary Base salaries provide executives with a secure, fixed base of cash compensation in recognition of role, individual responsibilities, experience and job performance. Salary levels are reviewed annually by the Committee, and any salary increases are approved after a comparative analysis of base salaries for similar positions among the Compensation Peer Group. When determining base salaries and salary increases, the Committee considers external market conditions and total direct compensation targets, as well as factors such as individual experience, skill set, personal performance, retention risk, internal parity, time in the role, job scope and the recruitment landscape. Each NEO s annual base salary as of December 31, 2025 follows: NEO Base Salary ($) Timothy Cofer (1) 1,350,000 Anthony DiSilvestro 1,000,000 Eric Gorli (2) 700,000 Roger Johnson 700,000 Anthony Shoemaker (3) 700,000 Robert Gamgort (4) 1,000,000 Sudhanshu Priyadarshi 1,000,000 (1) Mr. Cofer s salary was increased from $1,250,000 to $1,350,000, effective March 5, 2025, after external benchmarking, to better align with the market median and in recognition of his strong performance as Chief Executive Officer. (2) Mr. Gorli s salary was increased from $540,300 to $700,000, effective January 13, 2025, in recognition of his appointment to the role of President, U.S. Refreshment Beverages. (3) Mr. Shoemaker s salary was increased from $625,000 to $675,000, effective January 13, 2025, and to $700,000, effective May 20, 2025, after external benchmarking, to better align his compensation with the market median and in recognition of his strong performance as Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel and the expansion of his role to include the Company s Corporate Affairs organization. (4) Reflects Mr. Gamgort s base salary as of April 23, 2025, prior to his transition to non-employee Chair of the Board, at which time he became eligible to receive an annual cash retainer of $200,000 in respect of his Board service. Short-Term Incentive Plan The STIP is a key component of KDP s annual compensation program and is designed to link performance-based, at-risk annual cash incentives to the achievement of predetermined financial performance goals that correspond directly with the Company s annual operating plan and external earnings guidance. The Committee believes that aligning bonus payouts directly with these key quantifiable performance targets encourages and rewards the achievement of financial metrics designed to contribute to the Company s long-term success. STIP Structure For our 2025 STIP, to align incentives with results for the overall enterprise, we maintained a single set of enterprise performance goals for all of our NEOs, except Mr. Gorli. Given the Executive Leadership Team s role in leading the Company, the Committee determined that their STIP awards should be based 100% on enterprise performance, except that the U.S. Refreshment Beverages and U.S. Coffee business unit leads STIP awards should be more closely aligned with their respective business units. Mr. Gorli s STIP award was therefore based 60% on enterprise performance and 40% on the U.S. Refreshment Beverages business unit performance, consistent with STIP awards for other employees in his business unit. The STIP has a single payout scale with a minimum payout of 0% and a maximum payout of 200% of the target STIP award for all bonus-eligible employees, in line with our pay-for-performance philosophy. Target STIP awards for each NEO are set as a percentage of that NEO s base salary. For 2025, each NEO s target was set at 80% of base salary, with the exceptions of Mr. Cofer, Mr. DiSilvestro and Mr. Priyadarshi. Mr. Cofer s target was set at 150% of base salary, and Mr. DiSilvestro s target was set at 100% of base salary. Mr. Priyadarshi s target was increased from 80% to 100% during 2025 to more closely align his compensation with the median of the Compensation Peer Group. The STIP payout is based on the Company s achievement on three categories of quantifiable metrics that are aligned with our annual business plan: Growth , measured by total Net Sales Profit , measured by Adjusted Operating Income Cash , measured by Free Cash Flow 28 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis The three performance metrics are designed to be quantifiable and visible by employees throughout the year to enable employees to track performance. They also encourage focus on achieving the Company s annual operating plan. In the first quarter of 2025, the Committee established performance targets for each metric at the levels reflected in the table below, with the target level for each metric set to correspond w