=== KDP_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report, the following factors should be considered, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY • Disruption of our manufacturing and distribution operations or supply chain, including increased input costs, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. • We operate in highly competitive categories, and any inability to compete effectively could adversely impact our business. • We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. • Concerns about the safety, quality, or health effects of our products could negatively affect our business. • Damage to our reputation or brand image can adversely affect our business. • If we do not successfully manage our acquisitions of and investments in new businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected. • Failure to realize benefits or successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives can adversely affect our financial performance. • Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading, and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. • We depend on key information systems, and our use of information technology exposes us to business disruptions that could adversely affect us. • Our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property could harm our business. • Failure to attract, retain, develop, and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, or failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce, could significantly impact our operations. • We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including new unionization, labor disputes, or work stoppages. • Increases in our cost of employee benefits in the future could reduce our profitability. • We negotiate with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including payment terms, and reductions in our payment terms with our suppliers could adversely affect our liquidity. • An impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. • We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business. • Changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer can adversely affect our business. • Failure to maintain strategic relationships with brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business, potentially resulting in the termination of those agreements. • Equity method investments are managed independently of us and may have different interests than we do. Their decisions could impact our financial performance. • The use of information technology by our third-party commercial partners and service providers exposes us to business disruptions or other negative impacts that could adversely affect us. • We rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers and manufacturers for our brewers, and a limited number of order fulfillment companies for our brewers, beverage concentrates, and syrups. 9 Table of Contents • Our financial results may be negatively impacted by unfavorable economic and geopolitical conditions. • U.S. and international laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. • Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. • Increased concerns related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials can adversely affect our business and financial performance. • Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit sales of affected products. • Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. • Failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws can adversely affect our business. • Climate change or related legislation could adversely affect our business. • Water scarcity and quality could adversely affect our business. • Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our financial results. • We may not complete the proposed JDE Peet's Acquisition within the time frame we anticipate, or at all, which could adversely affect our business. • The market price of our common stock may decline as a result the JDE Peet's Acquisition. • We will incur significant direct and indirect costs as a result of the JDE Peet's Acquisition. • The JDE Peet's Acquisition will expose us to inherent risks in JDE Peet's' business and those geographies where JDE Peet's currently operates, which could adversely affect our business. • If our due diligence investigation of JDE Peet's was inadequate or if unexpected risks related to JDE Peet's and its business materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. • We may not successfully integrate JDE Peet's into our business, or such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming, or costly than expected, which could adversely affect our business. • We will be subject to business uncertainties related to the JDE Peet's Acquisition. • We will incur and assume significant debt as a result of the JDE Peet's Acquisition, which could adversely affect our financial performance. • In connection with the JDE Peet's Acquisition, we expect to consummate the JV Investment, which could restrict our operational and corporate flexibility, impact our cash resources, and/or depress the market price of our common stock. • The issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with the JDE Peet's Acquisition may adversely affect the rights and market price of our common stock as well as our capital resources. • We may issue additional equity securities in the future to raise proceeds to fund the JDE Peet's Acquisition, which may result in further dilution to our existing shareholders. • The Separation may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and will involve significant time, expenses, and resources, which could adversely affect our business. • We may be unable to achieve some or all of the anticipated strategic and financial benefits from the Separation. • Following the Separation, we may not maintain a satisfactory credit rating, which could adversely affect the financial performance of our businesses. • Following the Separation, the price of our common stock may decline and may experience greater volatility. 10 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS Disruption of our manufacturing and distribution operations or supply chain, including increased input costs, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions in our supply chain and our manufacturing and distribution operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Some raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products, including packaging materials, are available from a limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier, or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. Certain raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are sourced from countries experiencing civil unrest, political instability, or unfavorable economic conditions. Adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. We may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective to mitigate disruptions that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials and other supplies that we use in the manufacture and distribution of our products. In order to ensure a continuous supply of high-quality raw materials, some of our inventory purchase obligations include long-term purchase commitments for certain strategic raw materials; the timing of these may not always coincide with the period in which we need the supplies to fulfill customer demand. Any sustained or significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of raw materials could increase our costs and interrupt product supply, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, if demand increases beyond our production capabilities, we may need to expand our capacity. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more than existing facilities, or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. The raw materials and other supplies, including agricultural commodities (such as coffee, apples, and corn), fuel and packaging materials, transportation, and other supply chain inputs that we use for the manufacturing, production, and distribution of our products are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors, including: changes in supply and demand; supplier capacity constraints; inflation; weather conditions (including the effects of climate change); natural disasters; disease or pests; agricultural uncertainty; cost increases in farm inputs; health epidemics, pandemics, or other contagious outbreaks; labor shortages, strikes, or work stoppages; changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; governmental actions or controls (including import/export restrictions, such as new, increased, or retaliatory tariffs, sanctions, quotas, or trade barriers); port congestion or delays; transport capacity constraints; cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions; political uncertainties; acts of terrorism; governmental instability; speculation in global trading of commodities, such as coffee; or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Many of these factors could also cause a significant disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities or the facilities of our bottlers, contract manufacturers, or distributors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have been affected by a number of these factors, led by inflationary pressures on input and other costs, which may continue. Many of our raw materials and supplies are purchased in the open market, and the prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation. Under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs. This could lead to higher and more variable inventory levels or higher raw material costs for us. In our coffee business, the quality of the coffee we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the "C" price of coffee. This premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase and can vary significantly. Volatility in coffee prices can impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. We frequently enter into "price-to-be-fixed" supply contracts with defined quality, quantity, delivery, and other negotiated terms, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. When input prices increase unexpectedly or significantly, we may be unwilling or unable to increase our product prices or unable to effectively hedge against price increases to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins, and operating results. To the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in a timely manner, or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments. 11 Table of Contents We operate in highly competitive categories, and any inability to compete effectively could adversely impact our business. The beverage industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. We compete with multinational corporations that can rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route-to-market, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. We also compete with various smaller or regional companies and private label manufacturers, which may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market, and better able to quickly serve niche markets. Additionally, we compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. A significant portion of our business is attributable to sales of K-Cup pods for use with Keurig brewing systems. Continued acceptance of Keurig brewers to further increase household penetration is a significant factor in our growth plans. Any substantial or sustained decline in the sale of Keurig brewers could materially and adversely affect our business. Keurig brewers compete against all sellers and types of coffeemakers, as well as cafes and coffee shops. Our competitive position may be weakened if we do not succeed in differentiating Keurig brewers from our competitors' products. Our sales of beverages, Keurig brewers, K-Cup pods, and other products may be negatively affected by numerous factors including our inability to maintain or increase prices, our inability to effectively promote our products, new entrants into the market, the decision of wholesalers, retailers, or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours, increased marketing costs, and higher in-store placement and slotting fees driven by our competitors' willingness to spend aggressively. In addition, the continued growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. If we are unable to effectively compete, our business and our financial results would be negatively affected. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. Consumers' preferences continually evolve due to a variety of factors, including changing demographics of the population, social trends, changes in consumer lifestyles and consumption patterns, including from the use of weight loss drugs, concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects or environmental impact of our products or packaging, concerns regarding the location of origin or source of ingredients and products, changes in consumers' spending habits, negative publicity, economic downturn, or other factors. If we do not effectively anticipate and respond to changing trends and consumer beverage preferences, including through innovation and renovation, our sales and growth could suffer. Addressing changes in consumer preferences may require successful development, introduction, and marketing of new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging innovation, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. Successful innovation may depend on our ability to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. Failure to innovate successfully could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Consumers are increasingly focused on sustainability, with particular attention to the recyclability or reuse of product packaging, reducing consumption of single-use plastics and non-recyclable materials, and the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. If we do not meet consumer demands by continuing to provide sustainable packaging options and focusing on sustainability throughout our manufacturing operations, our sales could suffer. Consumer shopping behavior is also rapidly evolving. Changes in mobility, travel, and leisure activity patterns, the acceleration of e-commerce, inflation and economic uncertainty, and pandemics, epidemics, or other disease outbreaks, among others, have impacted and could continue to impact consumer shopping behavior and demand for our products. If we are unable to meet the consumer where and when they desire their products or if we are unable to respond to changes in distribution channels, our financial results could be adversely impacted. 12 Table of Contents Concerns about the safety, quality, or health effects of our products could negatively affect our business. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products, including beverage products, their ingredients, their packaging, and our brewers. A failure or perceived failure to meet our quality, health, or safety standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation, partnerships, or acquisitions into new beverage categories, including product contamination or tampering, undeclared allergens, or allegations of mislabeling, whether actual or perceived, has occurred, and may in the future occur, in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors, or suppliers. This could result in time-consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. It could also result in the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, fines from applicable regulatory agencies, and higher-than-anticipated rates of warranty returns and other returns of goods. Moreover, negative publicity may result from false, unfounded, or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. In addition, adverse public opinion, third-party studies, or other allegations, whether or not valid, regarding the perceived or potential negative health effects of processing or ingredients in our beverage products, such as concerns about the caloric intake associated with soft drinks or the use of synthetic colors, nutritive and non-nutritive sweeteners or other additives in our beverages, or chemicals of concern or other substances in our ingredients or materials, may contribute to actual or threatened legal action against us, negative consumer perception of our products, new or increased taxes on our products, or additional government regulation, including new or increased restrictions on the inclusion of our products in benefit programs, such as the U.S. supplemental nutrition assistance program known as SNAP, any of which could result in decreased demand for our products or reformulations of existing products to remove such ingredients or substances, which may be costly and reduce their appeal. Such risks may be increased if government officials make public statements about alleged risks purportedly associated with processing, particular ingredients used in our products, or unintentional contaminants that may be present in the water supply. Any or all of these events may lead to a loss of consumer confidence and trust, could damage the reputation of our brands, and may cause consumers to choose other products, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Damage to our reputation or brand image can adversely affect our business. Our ability to maintain our reputation and the brand image of our products is important to our success. Our corporate image and reputation has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by a variety of factors, including: any failure by us or our business partners to achieve goals or maintain high standards relating to ethical and business practices, including with respect to human rights, child labor laws, workplace conditions, employee health and safety, the nutrition profile of our products, packaging, water use, and impact on the environment; any failure to address health or other concerns about our products, products we distribute, or particular ingredients in our products, including concerns regarding whether certain of our products contribute to obesity or an increase in public health costs; our research and development efforts; any product quality or safety issues, including the recall of any of our products; any failure to comply with laws and regulations; and consumer perception of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, marketing programs, use of social media, and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events or any failure to effectively respond to negative or inaccurate comments about us on social media or otherwise regarding any of the foregoing. Damage to our reputation or brand image could decrease demand for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business. 13 Table of Contents If we do not successfully manage our acquisitions of and investments in new businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected. From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses or brands, form joint ventures, and enter into licensing and distribution agreements. If we are unable to complete such transactions or successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, we could fail to achieve the expected increases in revenues and operating results or the anticipated synergies and cost savings. Additional acquisition risks which could adversely affect our financial results include the diversion of management attention from our existing business, potential loss of key employees, suppliers, or customers from the acquired business, assumption of unforeseen risks and liabilities, and greater than anticipated operating costs of the acquired business, among others. Our quality management protocols, which are designed to ensure product quality and safety, may not be sufficiently robust to fully manage the expanded range of product offerings introduced through new investments or licensing or distribution agreements, which may increase our costs or subject us to negative publicity. In addition, we may also experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to new acquisitions or investments, which may increase the risk of misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. In the past we have been, and in the future we may be, unable to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, investments, or licensing or distribution agreements; it may also take longer than expected to realize the expected benefits. Our ability to manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and our other investments and ventures will impact our financial performance. If we are unable to achieve the strategic and financial objectives for such transactions, our consolidated results could be negatively affected. Refer to the Risks Related to the JDE Peet's Acquisition section for risks specific to the JDE Peet's Acquisition. Failure to realize benefits or successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives can adversely affect our financial performance. We pursue strategic initiatives that are transformative in nature and are expected to generate significant cost savings or productivity over time. These strategic initiatives have included investments in new technologies and optimization of certain processes and of our manufacturing footprint. Some of our productivity initiatives may result in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees, reduced morale and productivity, inability to obtain expected savings to reinvest into the business, inability to attract or retain employees, negative publicity, and disruption of the internal control structures of the affected business operations. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives as planned, or do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial performance. Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading, and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. We continue to incur significant costs to maintain or upgrade various technologies, facilities, and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. We invest in new and emerging technologies, including the use of automation, connected data, robotics, and artificial intelligence throughout our operations, including in our manufacturing and distribution facilities and our sales organization. If the cost of our investments is higher than anticipated, the investments and upgrades are not sufficient to meet our near-term future business needs, our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, or third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, we may be delayed in realizing the intended benefits or our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected. We have ongoing programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution, and other facilities. These investments require us to rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. We have experienced delays related to the production equipment contained within our manufacturing facilities, including delays in receiving the equipment or in operating the equipment according to specifications outlined by the manufacturer, which have led to increased costs, and we may continue to experience such delays and cost increases. 14 Table of Contents We depend on key information systems, and our use of information technology exposes us to business disruptions that could adversely affect us. Our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment, or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup, and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers, or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Our users' data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed if we fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or in the event of a breach of our networks, which could subject us to legal action, reputational harm, or otherwise negatively impact our business and financial performance. Our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property could harm our business. We possess intellectual property that is important to our business. This intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes, and other trade secrets. We cannot be certain that the legal steps taken to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if changes in laws diminish or remove the current legal protections available to them, the competitiveness of our products may be eroded and our business could suffer. We and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights, resulting in disruptive and expensive litigation. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products, and business could be harmed. We also license various intellectual property rights from third parties and license certain intellectual property rights to third parties. In some countries, third parties own certain intellectual property that we own in other countries. For example, the Dr Pepper trademark and formula is owned by Coca-Cola in some countries outside North America. Adverse events affecting those third parties or their products could also negatively impact our brands. Failure to attract, retain, develop, and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, or failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce, could significantly impact our operations. The labor market has experienced and may continue to experience labor shortages, inflation in labor costs, and increas

=== KDP_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report. There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Information required by Item 701 of Regulation S-K as to all unregistered sales of equity securities of the Company during the period covered by this Quarterly Report has previously been included in Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2026. Item 5. Other Information During the first quarter of 2026, no directors or executive officers of KDP adopted, modified, or terminated any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of KDP securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 38 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Footnote 2.1 Merger Protocol, dated as of August 24, 2025, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and JDE Peet's N.V. 8-K 8/25/2025 2.1 ‡ 2.2 Form of Irrevocable Undertaking, dated as of August 24, 2025 8-K 8/25/2025 2.2 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. 8-K 5/12/2008 3.1 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of May 17, 2012 10-Q 7/26/2012 3.2 3.3 Certificate of Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of May 19, 2016 8-K 5/20/2016 3.1 3.4 Certificate of Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of July 9, 2018 8-K 7/9/2018 3.1 3.5 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. effective as of February 20, 2025 10-K 2/25/2025 3.5 3.6 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., effective as of March 30, 2026 8-K 4/1/2026 3.1 4.1 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2026, among Maple Parent Holdings Corp., Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee — — — * 4.2 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2026, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. as successor to Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc., Maple Parent Holdings Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee — — — * 4.3 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2026, among Maple Parent Holdings Corp., Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (f/k/a Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee to Computershare Trust Company, N.A — — — * 4.4 Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2026, between Maple Parent Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, registrar and transfer agent 8-K 3/26/2026 4.1 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2026, among Maple Parent Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Guarantors listed in Schedule I, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as registrar, transfer agent and trustee, and U.S. Bank Europe DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent 8-K 3/26/2026 4.2 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2026, among Maple Parent Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Guarantors listed in Schedule I, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 8-K 3/26/2026 4.3 10.1 Transaction Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2026, by and among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Keurig JV, LP, Keurig Green Mountain, Inc., KGM Manufacturing LLC, Keurig Production Holding, LLC, Keurig Lux HoldCo, S.a.r.l. and the AP Kona Holdings 8-K 2/23/2026 10.1 ‡ 39 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Footnote 10.2 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Keurig JV, LP, dated as of March 30, 2026, by and among Keurig JV, LP, Keurig JV GP, LLC, Keurig Green Mountain, Inc., KGM Manufacturing LLC, Keurig Production Holding, LLC, Keurig Lux HoldCo, S.a.r.l. and the AP Kona Holdings LLC 8-K 2/23/2026 10.2 ‡ 10.3 Amendment to Preferred Investment Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2026, by and among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the KKR Investor and the Apollo Investor 8-K 2/23/2026 10.3 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2026, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Maple Parent Holdings Corp., the Guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent 8-K 3/10/2026 10.1 10.5 Amendment No. 2 to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2026, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Maple Parent Holdings Corp, the Guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent — — — * 10.6 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 26, 2026, by and among Maple Parent Holdings Corp., the guarantors party thereto, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc 8-K 3/26/2026 4.4 10.7 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 26, 2026, by and among Maple Parent Holdings Corp., the guarantors party thereto, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 8-K 3/26/2026 4.5 10.8 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2026, by and among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Pour Purchaser L.P., AP Pour Holdings, L.P. and certain other investors party thereto 8-K 3/30/2026 10.1 22.1 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries — — — * 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act — — — * 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act — — — * 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code — — — ** 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code — — — ** 40 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Footnote 101 The following financial information from Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 , formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document — — — * 104 The cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, formatted as Inline XBRL — — — * * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. ‡ Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 41 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Keurig Dr Pepp