=== KDP_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. Given these uncertainties, you should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they were made. We do not undertake any duty to update the forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. This Annual Report does not constitute an offer, or any solicitation of any offer, to buy or subscribe for any securities in JDE Peet's. Any offer will be made only by means of an offer memorandum approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets. This Annual Report is not for release, publication, or distribution, in whole or in part, in or into, directly or indirectly, in any jurisdiction in which such release, publication, or distribution would be unlawful. Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OUR COMPANY Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is a leading beverage company in North America that manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells hot and cold beverages and single serve brewing systems. We have a broad portfolio of iconic beverage brands, including Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Mott's, A W, Pe afiel, GHOST, 7UP, Snapple, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Clamato, The Original Donut Shop, and Core Hydration, as well as the Keurig brewing system. Our beverage brands are some of the most recognized beverage brands in North America, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. We offer more than 125 owned, licensed, and partner brands, supported by powerful distribution capabilities. KDP was created on July 9, 2018, through the combination of the business operations of Keurig, a leading producer of innovative single serve brewing systems and specialty coffee in the U.S. and Canada, and DPS, a company built over time through a series of strategic acquisitions that brought together iconic beverage brands in North America. Today, we trade on Nasdaq under the symbol KDP. OUR STRENGTHS AND STRATEGY Our strategic framework starts with our purpose to Drink Well. Do Good. We aim to enhance the experience of every beverage occasion and to make a positive impact for people, communities, and the planet. Our vision is to be a total beverage leader, offering a beverage for every need, anytime, anywhere. We support our purpose and vision with five key strategies: Champion consumer-obsessed brand building. We own a diverse portfolio of well-known beverage brands. Many of our brands enjoy high levels of consumer awareness, preference, and loyalty rooted in their rich heritage. This portfolio provides our customers with a wide variety of products to meet consumers' needs and provides us with a platform for growth and profitability. We drive growth in our business through investments in innovation, renovation, and marketing to support our portfolio of owned brands and partnerships with other leading beverage brands. We lead with deep consumer insights that inform our brand positioning and surface opportunities to address unmet needs. We have a robust innovation program, which is designed to meet consumers' changing flavor and beverage preferences and to grow our share of beverage occasions. Shape our now and next beverage portfolio. We continually evaluate organic and inorganic investments that allow us to more fully meet evolving consumer preferences. Where appropriate, we leverage and extend our existing brands. We also cultivate strong relationships with leading beverage brands that enable us to form long-term, capital-efficient partnerships. In certain cases, we may add complementary brands to our owned portfolio through acquisitions. This flexible approach allows us to optimally address whitespace growth opportunities in our portfolio. Amplify our route-to-market advantage. In our DSD network, we have strategically located distribution capabilities that enable us to better align our operations with our customers and sales channels, ensure our products are available to meet consumer demand, reduce transportation costs, and have greater control over the timing and coordination of new product launches. We actively manage transportation of our products using our fleet (owned and leased) of approximately 8,100 vehicles in the U.S. and 2,200 in Mexico, as well as third-party logistics providers. With our Keurig.com website, we have a leading direct-to-consumer e-commerce platform which provides us insights and expertise in the e-commerce channel. We continually invest in digital tools and capabilities as part of our route-to-market strategy, and as one element of a holistic digital transformation across KDP. Generate fuel for growth. We focus on critical transformational investments that drive continuous productivity and network optimization. We also maintain emphasis on lean overheads to drive operating leverage and fund investments in our growth opportunities. Dynamically allocate capital. Our highly efficient business model, focused on an optimized capital structure, gives us optionality to invest internally and pursue investments, partnerships, acquisitions, or other opportunities to continue to drive growth and create value, while remaining committed to a strong balance sheet with investment grade ratings. 1 Table of Contents PROPOSED JDE PEET'S ACQUISITION AND SUBSEQUENT SEPARATION On August 24, 2025, we entered into an agreement to acquire JDE Peet's, a global pure-play coffee company with a portfolio of leading brands including Jacobs, L'OR, and Peet's. The JDE Peet's Acquisition is expected to occur early in the second quarter of 2026 and is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the closing conditions, including the acceptance of the offer by the shareholders of JDE Peet's. We ve also entered into a series of transactions to fund the JDE Peet's Acquisition. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the JDE Peet's Acquisition and related transactions. On August 25, 2025, we announced our intention to separate our beverage and coffee portfolios into two independent, publicly traded companies, which will allow for more tailored growth strategies, operating models, and approaches to capital allocation. The Separation is expected to occur subsequent to the closure of the JDE Peet's Acquisition. OUR PRODUCTS AND OPERATING STRUCTURE We are a leading integrated brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor of beverages in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, and other international markets. Operating and Reportable Segments As of December 31, 2025, our operating structure consists of three operating and reportable segments: U.S. Refreshment Beverages, U.S. Coffee, and International. Segment financial data, including financial information about foreign and domestic operations, is included in Note 9 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. U.S. Refreshment Beverages Our U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment is a brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor of LRBs in the U.S. In this segment, we manufacture and distribute beverage concentrates, syrups, finished beverages, and other consumables to third-party bottlers, distributors, retailers, and, ultimately, the end consumer. We manufacture beverage concentrates and syrups, which we then sell throughout the U.S. to third-party bottlers or use them in our own manufacturing systems. Beverage concentrates, which are highly concentrated proprietary flavors, are combined with carbonation, water, sweeteners, and other ingredients, packaged in cans, bottles, or other packaging, and sold as a packaged beverage to retailers and, ultimately, the end consumer. Beverage concentrates are also manufactured into syrup, which is shipped to fountain customers, such as fast food restaurants, who mix the syrup with water and carbonation to create a finished beverage at the point of sale to consumers. Dr Pepper represents most of our fountain channel volume. We manufacture and distribute finished beverages of our own beverage brands. Additionally, in order to maximize the size and scale of our manufacturing and distribution operations, we also distribute finished beverages for our partner brands and manufacture finished beverages for other third parties, including partners and private labels. We partner with other brands seeking effective route-to-market capabilities, including national selling and distribution scale. These brands can also give us exposure in certain markets to fast-growing segments of the beverage industry in a capital-efficient manner. We sell finished beverages through our DSD and our WD systems, both of which include sales to all major retail channels. Key brands in this segment include Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Mott's, A W, GHOST, 7UP, Snapple, Squirt, Electrolit, Sunkist soda, C4 Energy, Hawaiian Punch, Bloom, Vita Coco, Core Hydration, Bai, Evian, Clamato, Yoo-Hoo, Big Red, and RC Cola. 2 Table of Contents U.S. Coffee Our U.S. Coffee segment is primarily a brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor of innovative single serve brewers, specialty coffee (including hot and iced varieties), and RTD coffee in the U.S. Our Keurig single serve brewers are aimed at changing the way consumers prepare and enjoy coffee and other beverages both at home and away from home in places such as offices, hotels, restaurants, cafeterias, and convenience stores. We create value by developing and selling our Keurig single serve brewers and by expanding Keurig brewer household adoption, which enables sales of specialty coffee and a variety of other specialty beverages in K-Cup pods (including hot and iced teas, hot cocoa, and other beverages) for use with Keurig brewers. We also compete in the broader coffee category through traditional whole bean and ground coffee in other package types, including bags, fractional packages, and cans, as well as RTD coffee beverages. We, together with our partners, are able to bring consumers high-quality coffee and other beverage experiences from the brands they love, all through the one-touch simplicity and convenience of Keurig brewers. We manufacture and sell 100% of the K-Cup pods of our owned and licensed brands, including Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, McCaf , and The Original Donut Shop, to retailers, away from home channel participants, and end-use consumers. We manufacture K-Cup pods for our partner brands, who in turn sell them to retailers and consumers. Our partner brands include Starbucks, Dunkin', Folgers, and Peet's, among others. We have agreements for manufacturing, distributing, and selling K-Cup pods for tea under brands such as Celestial Seasonings and Bigelow. We produce and sell K-Cup pods for cocoa, including through a licensing agreement for the Swiss Miss brand, and hot apple cider, including under our own brand, Mott's. Generally, we are able to sell these partner brands to our away from home channel participants and directly to consumers through our website at www.keurig.com. We also participate in private label manufacturing arrangements. Our U.S. Coffee segment manufactures K-Cup pods using freshly roasted and ground coffee as well as tea, cocoa, and other products. We offer high-quality, responsibly sourced coffee, including certified single-origin, organic, flavored, limited edition, and proprietary blends. We carefully select our coffee beans and roast them to optimize their taste and flavor differences. We engineer and design most of our single serve brewers and utilize third-party contract manufacturers located in various countries in Asia for brewer appliance manufacturing. We distribute our brewers using third-party distributors and retail partners, as well as directly to consumers through our website at www.keurig.com. International Our International segment includes: Sales in Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, and other international markets from the manufacture and distribution of branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, including sales of our own brands and third-party brands, to third-party bottlers, distributors, and retailers. Key beverage brands include Pe afiel, Clamato, Canada Dry, Squirt, Dr Pepper, Mott's, Schweppes, and Crush. Sales in Canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our single serve brewers, K-Cup pods, and other coffee products to partners and retailers, as well as directly to consumer through our website at www.keurig.ca. Key K-Cup pod brands include McCaf , Tim Hortons, and Van Houtte, as well as other partner and private label brands. Product Innovation and New Partnerships We are focused on a robust innovation pipeline within our portfolio of products to expand our consumer base and grow market share. We regularly launch new brewers with new features and benefits, technological advances, sustainable attributes, and changes in aesthetics to provide a variety of options to suit individual consumer preferences. We also continuously innovate and renovate our portfolio of K-Cup pods and beverages to provide an expansive array of flavors. In 2025, we released new flavor innovations, including Dr Pepper Blackberry and 7UP Tropical. Additionally, through our partnership with Bloom, we entered the prebiotic CSD market during the year with the distribution of Bloom Pop. 3 Table of Contents We launched our Keurig K-Mini Mate brewer, with a compact design that saves space without compromising on coffee quality. Additionally, we released the Keurig K-Crema brewer, which allows users to brew crema-topped coffees from traditional K-Cup pods. We have also continued to progress in the development of our Keurig Alta brewer and K-Rounds plastic- and aluminum-free pods. We began in-home consumer beta testing during the year and expect to launch these products in late 2026. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we debuted the first-ever coffee line under the Keurig brand, the Keurig Coffee Collective. This collection showcases the new Refined Grind manufacturing technique, which grinds premium beans to a high density and allows for more coffee in each K-Cup pod. CUSTOMERS We primarily serve the following types of customers: Retailers Retailers include supermarkets, hypermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, e-commerce retailers, office superstores, vending machines, fountains, grocery and drug stores, convenience stores, and other small outlets. Retailers purchase finished beverages, K-Cup pods, appliances, and accessories directly from us. Our portfolio of strong brands, operational scale, and experience in the beverage industry has enabled us to maintain strong relationships with major retailers throughout the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Our largest retailer, Walmart, represented approximately 16% of our consolidated net sales in 2025. Net sales to Walmart are included in all reportable segments. Bottlers and Distributors In the U.S. and Canada, we generally grant manufacturing and distribution licenses for our CSDs to bottlers for specific geographic areas that are typically exclusive and long-term. These bottlers may be affiliated with Coca-Cola or with PepsiCo, or they may be independent. These agreements prohibit bottlers and distributors from selling the licensed products outside their exclusive territory and from selling any imitative products in that territory. Generally, we may terminate bottling and distribution agreements only for cause or change in control, and the bottler or distributor may terminate without cause upon giving certain specified notice and complying with other applicable conditions. These bottlers and distributor agreements may also contain provisions for fountain distribution rights, which are not exclusive for a territory, but generally do restrict bottlers from carrying imitative product in the territory. Certain other brands, such as Snapple and Core, are licensed for distribution in various territories to bottlers and a number of smaller distributors such as beer wholesalers, wine and spirit distributors, independent distributors, and retail brokers. Partners We have differentiated ourselves and the Keurig brand through our ability to create and sustain partnerships with other leading coffee, tea, and beverage brand companies through multi-year licensing and manufacturing agreements that best suit each brand's interests and strengths. Typically, we manufacture K-Cup pods on behalf of our partners, who in turn sell them to retailers. Away from Home Channel Participants We distribute brewers, accessories, and K-Cup pods (owned, licensed, and partner brands) to away from home channel participants, which include office coffee distributors and hotel chains. End-use Consumers We have robust e-commerce platforms at www.keurig.com and www.keurig.ca where end-use consumers can purchase brewers, accessories, K-Cup pods, and other coffee products, such as bagged traditional coffee and cold brew. 4 Table of Contents COMPETITORS The beverage industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. Competition is generally based on brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection, and convenience, among other factors. We compete with multinational corporations with significant financial resources. In our bottling and manufacturing operations, we also compete with a number of smaller bottlers and distributors and a variety of smaller, regional, and private label manufacturers. Our primary competitors include Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Starbucks Corporation, The J.M. Smucker Company, The Kraft Heinz Company, and Nestl S.A. Although these companies offer competing brands in categories we participate in, many are also our partners or customers, as they purchase products directly from us. MATERIAL RESOURCES Raw Materials The principal raw materials we use in our business, which we commonly refer to as ingredients and materials, represent approximately 55% of our cost of sales and include green coffee, water, aluminum cans and ends, PET bottles and caps, including both virgin and rPET, CO 2 , sweeteners, paper products, K-Cup pod packaging materials, fruit, glass bottles and enclosures, cocoa, teas, juices, and other ingredients. We also use post-consumer recycled materials in the manufacturing of our single serve brewers. The availability, quality, and costs of many of these materials have fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, over time. Additionally, under many of our supply arrangements for these raw materials, the price we pay fluctuates along with certain changes in indirect commodity costs, such as aluminum in the case of cans and ends, natural gas in the case of glass bottles, resin in the case of K-Cup pods, PET bottles and caps, corn in the case of sweeteners, and pulp in the case of paperboard packaging. When appropriate, we mitigate the exposure to volatility in the prices of certain commodities used in our production process and transportation to our customers through the use of various commodity derivative contracts or supplier pricing agreements. The intent of the contracts and agreements is to provide a certain level of predictability in our operating margins and our overall cost structure, while remaining in what we believe to be a competitive cost position. Green Coffee We develop and pursue direct relationships with farms, estates, cooperatives, cooperative groups, and exporters in order to purchase green coffee and to support our broader traceability and sustainable supply chain initiatives. We also purchase green coffee through outside brokers. Energy and Transportation Costs In addition to ingredients and packaging costs, we are significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs, which can also fluctuate substantially, due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution operations (reflected within SG A expenses) and the energy costs consumed in the production process (reflected within cost of sales). We are also significantly impacted by changes in other transportation costs, such as ocean freight and tariffs. Transportation costs associated with the transportation and import of certain raw materials and finished goods to our manufacturing and distribution facilities are reflected within cost of sales. Intellectual Property Trademarks and Patents We possess a variety of intellectual property rights that are important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets to safeguard our proprietary rights, including our brands, our technologies, and ingredient and production formulas for our products. We own numerous trademarks in our portfolio within the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and other countries. Depending upon the jurisdiction, trademarks are valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. 5 Table of Contents In many countries outside the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, the manufacturing and distribution rights to many of our CSD brands, including our Dr Pepper trademark and formula, are owned by third parties, including, in certain cases, competitors such as Coca-Cola. We hold U.S. and international patents related to Keurig brewers and coffee pod technology. Of these, a majority are utility patents and the remainder are design patents. We view these patents as valuable assets but we do not view any single patent as critical to our success. We also have pending patent applications associated with our brewers and with coffee pod technology. We take steps that we believe are appropriate to protect such innovation. Licensing Arrangements We license various trade names from our partners in order to manufacture and distribute K-Cup pods. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term, cover the entire U.S. and/or Canada, and may include royalty payments, upfront payments, or some combination of the two, to the partner in order to use their trade names to manufacture and/or distribute the K-Cup pods. We license various trademarks from third parties, which generally allow us to manufacture and distribute certain products or brands throughout the U.S. and/or Canada and Mexico. For example, we license trademarks for Sunkist soda and Rose's from third parties. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term, cover the entire U.S. and/or Canada and Mexico and generally include a royalty payment to the licensor. For beverages in emerging and fast growing categories where we may not currently have a brand presence, we license various trademarks from third-party partners, which generally allow us to sell and distribute certain products or brands throughout the U.S., Canada, or Mexico. These partners view us as a distributor with strong route-to-market resources to grow their brands. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term and require a payment from the partner if the licensing agreement is terminated. In some instances, we make investments in these companies, which may include a path to acquire the company. As of December 31, 2025, our portfolio of partner brands included C4 energy drinks, Electrolit instant hydration beverages, Vita Coco coconut water, Bloom energy drinks and prebiotic sodas, evian water, Polar Beverages seltzer water, La Colombe shelf-stable RTD coffee, and Black Rifle Coffee Company energy drinks. SEASONALITY The beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. Our cold beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months, while hot beverage sales are generally higher during the cooler months. Overall beverage sales can also be influenced by the timing of holidays and weather fluctuations. Sales of brewers and related accessories are generally higher during the second half of the year due to the holiday shopping season. HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES Our Employees We have approximately 30,600 employees, primarily located in North America. In the U.S., we have approximately 23,200 employees, of which approximately 5,700 employees are covered by union collective bargaining agreements. In Mexico, we have approximately 5,700 employees, of which approximately 4,200 are covered by union collective bargaining agreements. In Canada, we have approximately 1,400 employees, with approximately 400 covered by union collective bargaining agreements. We also have approximately 300 employees outside of North America. Our collective bargaining agreements generally address working conditions, as well as wage rates and benefits, and expire over varying terms over the next several years. We generally believe that these agreements can be renegotiated on terms satisfactory to us as they expire and that we have good relationships with our employees and any representative organizations for our unionized employees. Our compensation programs are designed to ensure that we attract and retain the right talent. We generally review and consider median market pay levels when assessing total compensation, but pay decisions are based on a more comprehensive set of considerations such as company performance, individual performance, experience, and internal equity. We continually monitor key talent metrics including employee engagement and employee turnover. 6 Table of Contents Our employee benefits programs strive to deliver competitive benefits that are effective in attracting and retaining talent, and that create a culture of well-being and inclusiveness, designed to support each team member's unique needs. Our total package of benefits is designed to support the physical, mental, and financial health of our employees, and we currently provide access to medical, dental, vision, life insurance, retirement benefits, and disability benefits, as well as assistance with major life activities such as adoption, childbirth, and eldercare, among other benefits. Our Culture Together with our employees, we created a set of core values that define how we work together and are the cornerstone of our culture. We embrace a challenger mindset, which, together with our strategy and core values, are the unifying force for our team and guide our actions, each and every day. Our four core values are: Team First. Win together. Be the kind of person you want on your team. Deliver Big. Achieve our commitments. Then push beyond the expected. Think Bold. Challenge the usual. Dare to try something new. Be Fearless and Fair. Tell the truth with courage. Listen and act with respect. Additionally, we have adopted a corporate code of conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers, and our Board, which lays the foundation for ethical behavior for our team. Our code of conduct is available on our website at http://www.keurigdrpepper.com. Just as each of our brands brings its own personality to our product portfolio, each of our employees brings their own unique set of experiences, perspectives, and flavor to our business. We believe that to best innovate and deliver for our consumers and customers, our workforce should represent them. Employee Health and Safety We use a wide variety of strategies and programs to support the health and safety of our employees. Our Environmental Health Safety team considers all aspects of what our employees may encounter and works to minimize risk. Key to these efforts are data and preventive actions. We measure Lost Time Incident Rate, a reliable indication of Total Recordable Injuries Rate severity, and use a risk reduction process that thoroughly analyzes injuries and near misses. OUR IMPACT As a leading beverage company, we have the opportunity and responsibility to make a positive impact for people, communities, and planet. KDP Impact is our multi-year environmental, social, and governance agenda comprised of strategic initiatives that aim to make a positive impact with every drink. Rooted in action, realized through partnerships, and measured in results, we focus our commitments in the seven key impact areas where we can create meaningful change. These seven key impact areas are as follows: Climate and nature action Water use and stewardship Packaging and circular economy Human rights, responsible sourcing, and supply chain livelihoods Consumer health and well-being Employee health, safety, and well-being; and Corporate governance and ethics. We are committed to transparency and disclosure of our strategies, programs, progress, and governance. Our report on our impact, which is issued annually, is available on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com. 7 Table of Contents GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS ON OUR BUSINESS In the normal course of our business, we are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business. Regulations in the U.S., as well as jurisdictions including Canada, Mexico, and the European Union, apply to many aspects of our business, including our products and their ingredients, manufacturing, safety, labeling, transportation, packaging, advertising, and sale. For example, our products and their manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and sale in the U.S. are subject to various aspects of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Robinson-Patman Act, the Clayton Act, the Sherman Act, the Lanham Act, state consumer protection laws, and state warning and labeling laws, such as the state of California's Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986. Various countries, states, provinces, and other authorities have enacted eco-taxes, extended producer responsibility laws, water-use restrictions, deposit or reuse/refill mandates, fees on certain products or packaging, restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics, and regulations on PFAS, and other chemicals of concern. Regulators have also expressed concerns about the processing and use of particular ingredients or additives in beverage products. Various jurisdictions have adopted, and others may seek to adopt, bans or restrictions on the use of certain ingredients or substances in products or packaging, as well as significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health effects. Certain countries, as well as cities and municipalities within the U.S., have passed various taxes on the distribution of sugar-sweetened and diet beverages. We expect that legislation or regulations like those described above will continue to be proposed in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the U.S. and elsewhere. OTHER INFORMATION We are required to file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act, are also available free of charge on our website at http://www.keurigdrpepper.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information on any of our websites is not incorporated by reference in this document or any of our other filings with the SEC. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report, the following factors should be considered, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY Disruption of our manufacturing and distribution operations or supply chain, including increased input costs, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We operate in highly competitive categories, and any inability to compete effectively could adversely impact our business. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. Concerns about the safety, quality, or health effects of our products could negatively affect our business. Damage to our reputation or brand image can adversely affect our business. If we do not successfully manage our acquisitions of and investments in new businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected. Failure to realize benefits or successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives can adversely affect our financial performance. Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading, and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. We depend on key information systems, and our use of information technology exposes us to business disruptions that could adversely affect us. Our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property could harm our business. Failure to attract, retain, develop, and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, or failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce, could significantly impact our operations. We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including new unionization, labor disputes, or work stoppages. Increases in our cost of employee benefits in the future could reduce our profitability. We negotiate with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including payment terms, and reductions in our payment terms with our suppliers could adversely affect our liquidity. An impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business. Changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer can adversely affect our business. Failure to maintain strategic relationships with brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business, potentially resulting in the termination of those agreements. Equity method investments are managed independently of us and may have different interests than we do. Their decisions could impact our financial performance. The use of information technology by our third-party commercial partners and service providers exposes us to business disruptions or other negative impacts that could adversely affect us. We rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers and manufacturers for our brewers, and a limited number of order fulfillment companies for our brewers, beverage concentrates, and syrups. 9 Table of Contents Our financial results may be negatively impacted by unfavorable economic and geopolitical conditions. U.S. and international laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. Increased concerns related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials can adversely affect our business and financial performance. Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit sales of affected products. Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. Failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws can adversely affect our business. Climate change or related legislation could adversely affect our business. Water scarcity and quality could adversely affect our business. Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our financial results. We may not complete the proposed JDE Peet's Acquisition within the time frame we anticipate, or at all, which could adversely affect our business. The market price of our common stock may decline as a result the JDE Peet's Acquisition. We will incur significant direct and indirect costs as a result of the JDE Peet's Acquisition. The JDE Peet's Acquisition will expose us to inherent risks in JDE Peet's' business and those geographies where JDE Peet's currently operates, which could adversely affect our business. If our due diligence investigation of JDE Peet's was inadequate or if unexpected risks related to JDE Peet's and its business materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not successfully integrate JDE Peet's into our business, or such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming, or costly than expected, which could adversely affect our business. We will be subject to business uncertainties related to the JDE Peet's Acquisition. We will incur and assume significant debt as a result of the JDE Peet's Acquisition, which could adversely affect our financial performance. In connection with the JDE Peet's Acquisition, we expect to consummate the JV Investment, which could restrict our operational and corporate flexibility, impact our cash resources, and/or depress the market price of our common stock. The issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with the JDE Peet's Acquisition may adversely affect the rights and market price of our common stock as well as our capital resources. We may issue additional equity securities in the future to raise proceeds to fund the JDE Peet's Acquisition, which may result in further dilution to our existing shareholders. The Separation may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and will involve significant time, expenses, and resources, which could adversely affect our business. We may be unable to achieve some or all of the anticipated strategic and financial benefits from the Separation. Following the Separation, we may not maintain a satisfactory credit rating, which could adversely affect the financial performance of our businesses. Following the Separation, the price of our common stock may decline and may experience greater volatility. 10 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS Disruption of our manufacturing and distribution operations or supply chain, including increased input costs, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions in our supply chain and our manufacturing and distribution operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Some raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products, including packaging materials, are available from a limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier, or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. Certain raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are sourced from countries experiencing civil unrest, political instability, or unfavorable economic conditions. Adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. We may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective to mitigate disruptions that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials and other supplies that we use in the manufacture and distribution of our products. In order to ensure a continuous supply of high-quality raw materials, some of our inventory purchase obligations include long-term purchase commitments for certain strategic raw materials; the timing of these may not always coincide with the period in which we need the supplies to fulfill customer demand. Any sustained or significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of raw materials could increase our costs and interrupt product supply, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, if demand increases beyond our production capabilities, we may need to expand our capacity. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more than existing facilities, or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. The raw materials and other supplies, including agricultural commodities (such as coffee, apples, and corn), fuel and packaging materials, transportation, and other supply chain inputs that we use for the manufacturing, production, and distribution of our products are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors, including: changes in supply and demand; supplier capacity constraints; inflation; weather conditions (including the effects of climate change); natural disasters; disease or pests; agricultural uncertainty; cost increases in farm inputs; health epidemics, pandemics, or other contagious outbreaks; labor shortages, strikes, or work stoppages; changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; governmental actions or controls (including import/export restrictions, such as new, increased, or retaliatory tariffs, sanctions, quotas, or trade barriers); port congestion or delays; transport capacity constraints; cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions; political uncertainties; acts of terrorism; governmental instability; speculation in global trading of commodities, such as coffee; or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Many of these factors could also cause a significant disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities or the facilities of our bottlers, contract manufacturers, or distributors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have been affected by a number of these factors, led by inflationary pressures on input and other costs, which may continue. Many of our raw materials and supplies are purchased in the open market, and the prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation. Under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs. This could lead to higher and more variable inventory levels or higher raw material costs for us. In our coffee business, the quality of the coffee we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the "C" price of coffee. This premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase and can vary significantly. Volatility in coffee prices can impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. We frequently enter into "price-to-be-fixed" supply contracts with defined quality, quantity, delivery, and other negotiated terms, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. When input prices increase unexpectedly or significantly, we may be unwilling or unable to increase our product prices or unable to effectively hedge against price increases to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins, and operating results. To the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in a timely manner, or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments. 11 Table of Contents We operate in highly competitive categories, and any inability to compete effectively could adversely impact our business. The beverage industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. We compete with multinational corporations that can rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route-to-market, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. We also compete with various smaller or regional companies and private label manufacturers, which may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market, and better able to quickly serve niche markets. Additionally, we compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. A significant portion of our business is attributable to sales of K-Cup pods for use with Keurig brewing systems. Continued acceptance of Keurig brewers to further increase household penetration is a significant factor in our growth plans. Any substantial or sustained decline in the sale of Keurig brewers could materially and adversely affect our business. Keurig brewers compete against all sellers and types of coffeemakers, as well as cafes and coffee shops. Our competitive position may be weakened if we do not succeed in differentiating Keurig brewers from our competitors' products. Our sales of beverages, Keurig brewers, K-Cup pods, and other products may be negatively affected by numerous factors including our inability to maintain or increase prices, our inability to effectively promote our products, new entrants into the market, the decision of wholesalers, retailers, or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours, increased marketing costs, and higher in-store placement and slotting fees driven by our competitors' willingness to spend aggressively. In addition, the continued growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. If we are unable to effectively compete, our business and our financial results would be negatively affected. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. Consumers' preferences continually evolve due to a variety of factors, including changing demographics of the population, social trends, changes in consumer lifestyles and consumption patterns, including from the use of weight loss drugs, concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects or environmental impact of our products or packaging, concerns regarding the location of origin or source of ingredients and products, changes in consumers' spending habits, negative publicity, economic downturn, or other factors. If we do not effectively anticipate and respond to changing trends and consumer beverage preferences, including through innovation and renovation, our sales and growth could suffer. Addressing changes in consumer preferences may require successful development, introduction, and marketing of new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging innovation, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. Successful innovation may depend on our ability to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. Failure to innovate successfully could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Consumers are increasingly focused on sustainability, with particular attention to the recyclability or reuse of product packaging, reducing consumption of single-use plastics and non-recyclable materials, and the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. If we do not meet consumer demands by continuing to provide sustainable packaging options and focusing on sustainability throughout our manufacturing operations, our sales could suffer. Consumer shopping behavior is also rapidly evolving. Changes in mobility, travel, and leisure activity patterns, the acceleration of e-commerce, inflation and economic uncertainty, and pandemics, epidemics, or other disease outbreaks, among others, have impacted and could continue to impact consumer shopping behavior and demand for our products. If we are unable to meet the consumer where and when they desire their products or if we are unable to respond to changes in distribution channels, our financial results could be adversely impacted. 12 Table of Contents Concerns about the safety, quality, or health effects of our products could negatively affect our business. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products, including beverage products, their ingredients, their packaging, and our brewers. A failure or perceived failure to meet our quality, health, or safety standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation, partnerships, or acquisitions into new beverage categories, including product contamination or tampering, undeclared allergens, or allegations of mislabeling, whether actual or perceived, has occurred, and may in the future occur, in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors, or suppliers. This could result in time-consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. It could also result in the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, fines from applicable regulatory agencies, and higher-than-anticipated rates of warranty returns and other returns of goods. Moreover, negative publicity may result from false, unfounded, or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. In addition, adverse public opinion, third-party studies, or other allegations, whether or not valid, regarding the perceived or potential negative health effects of processing or ingredients in our beverage products, such as concerns about the caloric intake associated with soft drinks or the use of synthetic colors, nutritive and non-nutritive sweeteners or other additives in our beverages, or chemicals of concern or other substances in our ingredients or materials, may contribute to actual or threatened legal action against us, negative consumer perception of our products, new or increased taxes on our products, or additional government regulation, including new or increased restrictions on the inclusion of our products in benefit programs, such as the U.S. supplemental nutrition assistance program known as SNAP, any of which could result in decreased demand for our products or reformulations of existing products to remove such ingredients or substances, which may be costly and reduce their appeal. Such risks may be increased if government officials make public statements about alleged risks purportedly associated with processing, particular ingredients used in our products, or unintentional contaminants that may be present in the water supply. Any or all of these events may lead to a loss of consumer confidence and trust, could damage the reputation of our brands, and may cause consumers to choose other products, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Damage to our reputation or brand image can adversely affect our business. Our ability to maintain our reputation and the brand image of our products is important to our success. Our corporate image and reputation has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by a variety of factors, including: any failure by us or our business partners to achieve goals or maintain high standards relating to ethical and business practices, including with respect to human rights, child labor laws, workplace conditions, employee health and safety, the nutrition profile of our products, packaging, water use, and impact on the environment; any failure to address health or other concerns about our products, products we distribute, or particular ingredients in our products, including concerns regarding whether certain of our products contribute to obesity or an increase in public health costs; our research and development efforts; any product quality or safety issues, including the recall of any of our products; any failure to comply with laws and regulations; and consumer perception of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, marketing programs, use of social media, and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events or any failure to effectively respond to negative or inaccurate comments about us on social media or otherwise regarding any of the foregoing. Damage to our reputation or brand image could decrease demand for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business. 13 Table of Contents If we do not successfully manage our acquisitions of and investments in new businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected. From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses or brands, form joint ventures, and enter into licensing and distribution agreements. If we are unable to complete such transactions or successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, we could fail to achieve the expected increases in revenues and operating results or the anticipated synergies and cost savings. Additional acquisition risks which could adversely affect our financial results include the diversion of management attention from our existing business, potential loss of key employees, suppliers, or customers from the acquired business, assumption of unforeseen risks and liabilities, and greater than anticipated operating costs of the acquired business, among others. Our quality management protocols, which are designed to ensure product quality and safety, may not be sufficiently robust to fully manage the expanded range of product offerings introduced through new investments or licensing or distribution agreements, which may increase our costs or subject us to negative publicity. In addition, we may also experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to new acquisitions or investments, which may increase the risk of misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. In the past we have been, and in the future we may be, unable to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, investments, or licensing or distribution agreements; it may also take longer than expected to realize the expected benefits. Our ability to manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and our other investments and ventures will impact our financial performance. If we are unable to achieve the strategic and financial objectives for such transactions, our consolidated results could be negatively affected. Refer to the Risks Related to the JDE Peet's Acquisition section for risks specific to the JDE Peet's Acquisition. Failure to realize benefits or successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives can adversely affect our financial performance. We pursue strategic initiatives that are transformative in nature and are expected to generate significant cost savings or productivity over time. These strategic initiatives have included investments in new technologies and optimization of certain processes and of our manufacturing footprint. Some of our productivity initiatives may result in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees, reduced morale and productivity, inability to obtain expected savings to reinvest into the business, inability to attract or retain employees, negative publicity, and disruption of the internal control structures of the affected business operations. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives as planned, or do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial performance. Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading, and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. We continue to incur significant costs to maintain or upgrade various technologies, facilities, and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. We invest in new and emerging technologies, including the use of automation, connected data, robotics, and artificial intelligence throughout our operations, including in our manufacturing and distribution facilities and our sales organization. If the cost of our investments is higher than anticipated, the investments and upgrades are not sufficient to meet our near-term future business needs, our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, or third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, we may be delayed in realizing the intended benefits or our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected. We have ongoing programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution, and other facilities. These investments require us to rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. We have experienced delays related to the production equipment contained within our manufacturing facilities, including delays in receiving the equipment or in operating the equipment according to specifications outlined by the manufacturer, which have led to increased costs, and we may continue to experience such delays and cost increases. 14 Table of Contents We depend on key information systems, and our use of information technology exposes us to business disruptions that could adversely affect us. Our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment, or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup, and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers, or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Our users' data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed if we fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or in the event of a breach of our networks, which could subject us to legal action, reputational harm, or otherwise negatively impact our business and financial performance. Our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property could harm our business. We possess intellectual property that is important to our business. This intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes, and other trade secrets. We cannot be certain that the legal steps taken to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if changes in laws diminish or remove the current legal protections available to them, the competitiveness of our products may be eroded and our business could suffer. We and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights, resulting in disruptive and expensive litigation. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products, and business could be harmed. We also license various intellectual property rights from third parties and license certain intellectual property rights to third parties. In some countries, third parties own certain intellectual property that we own in other countries. For example, the Dr Pepper trademark and formula is owned by Coca-Cola in some countries outside North America. Adverse events affecting those third parties or their products could also negatively impact our brands. Failure to attract, retain, develop, and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, or failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce, could significantly impact our operations. The labor market has experienced and may continue to experience labor shortages, inflation in labor costs, and increased employee turnover, which has impacted and may continue to impact our ability to attract and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce. Competition in the labor market for qualified employees has increased alongside current and prospective employees' changing expectations for compensation, benefits, and flexible work models. Unplanned turnover or failure to develop and implement succession plans for senior management and other key personnel could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Failure to attract, retain, develop, and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, including employees with specialized capabilities, can damage our business results and our reputation. We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including new unionization, labor disputes, or work stoppages. Many of our employees that are involved in the manufacturing or distribution of our products are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Additional employees have sought and may continue to seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements, which may be facilitated by changing labor laws and regulations. These agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. We may not be able to renew our existing collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. This could result in labor disputes, strikes, or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. The terms of existing, renewed, or expanded agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency. 15 Table of Contents Increases in our cost of employee benefits in the future could reduce our profitability. Our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs, and other benefits. In recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets, and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. These factors will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward cost pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE We negotiate with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including payment terms, and reductions in our payment terms with our suppliers could adversely affect our liquidity. We negotiate with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which includes the consideration of payment terms. Excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. The length of our payment terms has been reduced in recent periods and may continue to be reduced, including as a result of a supplier being replaced, renegotiation of a supplier's contract during the procurement process, through efforts to increase the overall pool of potential suppliers for selection, or in order to receive favorable pricing or other terms during commercial negotiations. Reductions in our payment terms have negatively affected, and could continue to negatively affect, our liquidity and our ability to maximize our working capital. Reduced payment terms have contributed to, and could continue to contribute to, our need to utilize various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity. An impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. As of December 31, 2025, we had $55 billion of total assets, of which approximately $20 billion were goodwill and approximately $24 billion were intangible assets. Intangible assets include both definite and indefinite lived intangible assets in connection with brands, trade names, acquired technology, customer relationships, contractual arrangements, and distribution rights. We conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite lived intangible assets annually, as of October 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that all or a portion of the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In addition, definite lived intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment, and equity method investments are evaluated for impairment or accelerated depreciation as circumstances indicate. The impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. We have in the past recorded impairments, including during the year ended December 31, 2025, and could do so again as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. Factors which could result in an impairment include changes in our financial and operating outlook and changes in our discount rates, which could change due to factors such as movement in risk free interest rates, changes in general market interest rates and market beta volatility, and changes to management's view of forecasted risk, among others. Since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite lived intangibles will occur in the future. Any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our Consolidated Statements of Income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and our effective tax rate. RISKS RELATING TO OUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH THIRD PARTIES We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business. We license rights to third parties to bottle and distribute our products. A portion of our income from operations is generated from sales of beverage concentrates to third-party bottling companies that we do not own. Some of these bottlers are also our direct competitors, or also bottle and distribute products for our competitors. In addition, some of the finished products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. As independent companies, these bottlers and distributors may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors' products and their own products. They may devote more resources to other products, prioritize their own products, or take other actions detrimental to our brands. 16 Table of Contents In most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. In some cases, the license agreements include buy-out rights that allow us to exit for a fee, and we may have additional limited termination rights. The termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance, and any disputes could be costly and divert management attention. We may need to increase support for our brands in certain territories to maintain our route-to-market and may not be able to pass price increases through to third-party bottlers and distributors. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third-party bottlers. Changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer can adversely affect our business. The retail industry is experiencing continued consolidation of ownership and purchasing power, resulting in large retailers or buying groups with increased purchasing power, which impacts our ability to compete. Retailers may seek lower prices from us, may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures in support of their businesses, and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private-label brands, any of which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition, our industry is being affected by rapid growth in discount retailers and in e-commerce retailers, including traditional retailers who are expanding their e-commerce capabilities, and our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with such retailers. Further, we must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers to compete effectively. Any inability to resolve a significant dispute with any of our key customers, a change in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of any of our key customers, even if unrelated to us, a significant reduction in sales to any key customer, or the loss of any of our key customers may adversely affect our business. Failure to maintain strategic relationships with brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business, potentially resulting in the termination of those agreements. We regularly enter into strategic relationships for the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of K-Cup pods with partner customers, as well as with retailers for their private label brands. As independent companies, our strategic partners make their own business decisions which may not align with our interests. If we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our strategic partners through a combination of premium performance and service, pricing, and marketing and advertising support, or if these strategic partners are not satisfied with our technological or other development efforts, they may take actions that adversely impact us, including entering into agreements with competing contract manufacturers or vertically integrating to manufacture their own Keurig-compatible pods. Increasing competition among Keurig-compatible pod manufacturers and moving to vertical integration may result in price compression, which could have an adverse effect on our gross margins. The loss of strategic partners could also adversely impact our future profitability and growth, awareness of Keurig brewers, our ability to attract additional brands or private label parties to do business with us or our ability to attract new consumers to buy Keurig brewers. We also regularly enter into strategic relationships for the manufacturing and/or distribution of beverage products from partner brand owners, including in emerging or fast-growing segments in which we may not currently have a brand presence. If our partner brands terminate their agreements with us, it could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. Equity method investments are managed independently of us and may have different interests than we do. Their decisions could impact our financial performance. We regularly review our product portfolio and evaluate strategic transactions, such as equity method investments, generally to gain entry into categories where we do not participate or to expand our presence in areas where our participation is currently limited. The success of these transactions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to realize the full extent of the expected returns and benefits as a result of the transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all. As these equity method investments are managed independently, we may be impacted by their business decisions or other actions, as they may have different interests than we do. We recognize a portion of our investees' financial results within our net income based upon our ownership interest, unless the investment agreement indicates an alternative allocation of earnings or losses. 17 Table of Contents We also assess our equity method investments as and when required by U.S. GAAP to determine whether they are impaired and, if they are, we record appropriate impairment charges. Our equity method investees also perform similar recoverability and impairment tests, and we record our share of impairment charges recorded by them, if any, adjusted, as appropriate, for the impact of items such as basis differences, deferred taxes, and deferred gains. It is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges or our proportionate share of significant impairment charges recorded by equity method investees in the future and, if we do so, our net income could be materially adversely affected. The use of information technology by our third-party commercial partners and service providers exposes us to business disruptions or other negative impacts that could adversely affect us. We rely on third-party service providers, including cloud data service and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, and other business partners, for certain areas of our business, including certain finance, accounting, and IT functions, workforce management, and payroll processing. Some of our commercial partners may also receive or store information provided by us or our users through their websites, including information entrusted to them by customers. Our users' data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed if these third-party commercial partners fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices or fail to comply with their respective online policies, or in the event of a breach of our or their networks. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may experience business disruption, systems performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches, or otherwise incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our reputation, a negative impact on employee morale, or the loss of current or potential customers, all of which can adversely affect our business. These third parties are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures, and are subject to legal, regulatory, and market risks of their own. We do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, reputational, and operational risk. We have in the past, and may in the future, experience indirect impacts of events that take place at our third-party service providers and other business partners. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, or for any reason our third-party service providers or business partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, our financial results could suffer. We rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers and manufacturers for our brewers, and a limited number of order fulfillment companies for our brewers, beverage concentrates, and syrups. A small number of companies, located primarily in Asia, co-manufacture the vast majority of our brewers. Our manufacturers may not be able to scale their manufacturing operations to match increasing consumer demand for our brewers at competitive costs. If our manufacturers were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply brewers to us as agreed, we would be unable to obtain brewers for an indeterminate period of time, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results. The majority of the distribution of our brewers, beverage concentrates, and syrups is handled by third-party order fulfillment companies in the U.S. Our third-party manufacturers and order fulfillment companies are subject to disruption, including as a result of health epidemics, natural disasters, information technology failures, commercial or international trade disputes, governmental regulatory and enforcement actions, labor stoppages or strikes, financial issues, or otherwise. These issues could delay importation and increase the cost of products, delay the fulfillment of the brewers, beverage concentrates, and syrups to our customers, or require us to locate alternative manufacturers or order fulfillment companies to avoid disruption, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results. 18 Table of Contents GENERAL RISK FACTORS Our financial results may be negatively impacted by unfavorable economic and geopolitical conditions. Changes in economic and financial conditions in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, or other geographies where we do business may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. Similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with customers, suppliers, and creditors. These disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to pay their obligations on time, the ability of our vendors to supply materials in a timely manner, or the risk of counterparty default, each of which could reduce our cash flow. We cannot predict how current or future economic conditions will affect our business partners, including financial institutions with whom we do business, and any negative impact on any of the foregoing may also have an adverse impact on our business. Disruptions in financial and credit markets could also have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital, including through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes. In addition, declines in the securities and credit markets could affect our pension and PRMB assets and obligations, which in turn could increase our funding requirements. Unstable geopolitical conditions or events in certain markets, including civil unrest, acts of war, terrorism, or governmental changes, or changes in international relations could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. Restrictions on business activities, which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries, such as changes in or terminations of existing trade agreements, or the imposition of tariffs (including recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on Canada, Mexico, China, Brazil, and other countries, and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries), or otherwise, has and could continue to impact our profitability or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. We do not currently have operations in Russia, Ukraine, or the Middle East, but due to the impact of the ongoing conflicts in those regions on the global economy, we have experienced and may continue to experience supply chain constraints; inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing, and labor costs; volatility in fuel and commodity prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations. U.S. and international laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and other countries in which we conduct business. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business, including the manufacture, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, marketing, advertising, distribution, pricing, and sale of our products. Other laws and regulations that may impact our business relate to competition and antitrust, the environment, relations with distributors and retailers, employment, privacy, health, and trade practices. Our expanding international business will also expose us to economic factors, regulatory requirements, increasing competition, and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, including import or export restrictions and tariffs. Our international business is also subject to U.S. laws, regulations, and policies, including anti-corruption and export laws and regulations. Any significant change in laws or regulations or their interpretation, in any of these jurisdictions, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures or significant challenges to our ability to continue to produce and sell products that generate a significant portion of our sales and profits. Certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution, or sale of certain of our products, particularly our beverages, as a result of ingredients (including sweeteners or alcohol) or packaging and packaging materials, which could increase the cost of certain of our products, reduce overall consumption of our products or lead to negative publicity, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Increasing governmental and societal attention to environmental, social, and governance matters has resulted and could continue to result in new laws or regulatory requirements, including new or expanded disclosure requirements that are expected to continue to expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters on which we are required to report. In addition, the entry into new markets or categories has resulted in and could continue to result in our business being subject to additional regulations resulting in higher compliance costs. Violations of laws or regulations could damage our reputation and/or result in criminal, civil, or administrative actions with substantial financial penalties and operational limitations. 19 Table of Contents Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. We have been, and in the future may be, a party to various litigation, claims, legal (including regulatory) proceedings, inquiries, and investigations that may include employment, tort, contract, real estate, antitrust, environmental, recycling/sustainability, intellectual property, commercial, securities, false advertising, packaging, product labeling, consumer protection, discriminatory pricing, privacy, tax, insurance, and other claims. We have been, and in the future may be, a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, including under California's "Proposition 65," public statements and disclosures under securities laws, antitrust, advertising, consumer protection, and wage and hour laws. Plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts that are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses, and we establish an accrual as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. We base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. Costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost and any required actions arising out of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. Increased concerns related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials can adversely affect our business and financial performance. We rely on diverse packaging solutions to safely deliver products to our customers and consumers. Concern has grown with respect to the use or disposal of plastics and their potential impact on health and the environment, which may contribute to actual or threatened legal action against us, negative consumer perception of our products, additional government regulation, or new or increased taxes on our products. Various jurisdictions in which our products are sold have imposed or are considering imposing laws, regulations, or policies intended to encourage the use of sustainable packaging, waste reduction, or increased recycling rates, or to restrict the sale of products utilizing certain packaging. These laws, regulations, and policies vary in form and scope between jurisdictions and include extended producer responsibility policies, plastic or packaging taxes, restrictions on certain products and materials, requirements for bottle caps to be tethered to bottles, restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics and packaging containing PFAS, or other chemicals of concern, restrictions on labeling related to recyclability, and requirements to charge deposit fees. These laws and regulations have in the past and could continue to increase the cost of our products, impact demand for our products, result in negative publicity and require us and our business partners to increase capital expenditures to invest in reducing the amount of virgin plastic or other materials used in our packaging, to develop alternative packaging or product formats or to revise product labeling, all of which can adversely affect our business and financial performance. Changes in legislation could restrict the sale of our products that use such packaging materials, which could reduce our sales and profits. Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit sales of affected products. Various jurisdictions have adopted and may seek to adopt bans or restrictions on the use of certain ingredients or substances in products, as well as significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health effects. For example, under one such law in California, known as Proposition 65, if the state has determined that a substance causes cancer or harms human reproduction or development, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance, unless the exposure falls under an established safe harbor level or another exemption is applicable. If we were required to add Proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our products produced for sale in California, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and potential adverse publicity could negatively affect our sales both in California and in other markets. Regulators have also expressed concerns about the processing and use of particular ingredients or additives in beverage products. The imposition or proposed imposition of bans or restrictions on the use of certain ingredients or substances in products, or of additional limitations on the marketing or sale of our products, has in the past and could continue to reduce overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity or leave consumers with the perception that our products do not meet their health and wellness needs, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 20 Table of Contents Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. We, and our third-party service providers, use information technology to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations; communicating with our suppliers, customers, and employees; maintaining financial information and effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal, and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing amount of services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, internal control, information technology, human resources, and computing functions. Continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. In addition, our continuity of business applications and operations has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by other issues, including cybersecurity attacks (which may include social engineering, business email compromise, cyber extortion, denial of service, attempts to exploit vulnerabilities, hacking, website defacement, theft of passwords and other credentials, or unauthorized use of computing resources for digital currency mining); issues with or errors in systems' maintenance or security; migration of applications to the cloud; power outages; hardware or software failures; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors; and fires and other catastrophic occurrences and other cyber incidents. Like most major corporations, we are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, including the types of attacks and incidents described above. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue building and maintaining our information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to identify in a timely manner or appropriately respond to cyberattacks or other cyber incidents, including with respect to third-party service providers, our business has been and can continue to be adversely affected, which has resulted in and can continue to result in some or all of the following: business disruption, systems performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data (including confidential information that we process and maintain about our employees or consumers through our e-commerce platform) through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our reputation or a negative impact on employee morale or the loss of current or potential customers, all of which can adversely affect our business. In addition, these risks also exist in acquired businesses, joint ventures, or companies we invest in or partner with that use separate information systems or that have not yet been fully integrated into our information systems. Similar risks exist with respect to our third-party service providers, including cloud data service and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, and other business partners, that we rely upon for certain areas of our business, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration, and certain finance and accounting functions. When risks such as these materialize, the need for us to coordinate with various third-party service providers, including with respect to timely notification and access to personnel and information concerning an incident, and for third-party service providers to coordinate amongst themselves might make it more challenging to resolve the related issues. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the activities associated with our third-party service providers can adversely affect our business even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information. Although the cybersecurity incidents that we have experienced to date, as well as those reported to us by our third-party service providers, have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, such incidents could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Security measures, including network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, cannot guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all cyber incidents, systems disruptions, system compromises, or misuses of data. In addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of security threats, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increa