=== SPG_2026-04-01.htm.gz ===
Simon Property Group, Inc. 0001063761 false DEF 14A 0001063761 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001063761 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001063761 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001063761 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001063761 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001063761 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as Permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Simon Property Group, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Table of Contents Track Record of Outperformance . Table of Contents Letter to Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders, This is my first letter to shareholders inviting you to please join me and the Board of Directors at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 13, 2026, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time . Our Annual Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting, conducted via live audio webcast on the Internet. You will be able to attend the meeting online, vote your shares and submit questions during the live webcast. The business to be conducted at the meeting is described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and this Proxy Statement. In 2025, our team delivered exceptional performance through discipline, creativity, and relentless execution resulting in another record-breaking year. The Company continues redefining the shopping experience and differentiating itself as we deliver our unique-to-market properties. We are driving value through disciplined reinvestment in our assets and by curating the right mix of retail, dining, and entertainment experiences at our properties. Assets matter and ours endure because they remain essential to retailers and communities alike and they continue to perform for our shareholders. We see significant opportunities ahead across all of our operating platforms. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual 2026 Annual Meeting, please read the Proxy Statement and vote your shares. Your vote is important to us, and we encourage you to vote as soon as possible. Instructions for voting by Internet, telephone or mail are included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card (if you receive your materials by mail), and you may also vote during the meeting via the virtual platform. We are pleased to furnish proxy materials to our shareholders over the Internet. We believe that this e-proxy process expedites shareholders receipt of proxy materials, while also lowering the costs. After you have reviewed the Proxy Statement, we hope you will vote in accordance with the Board s recommendations. Our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders accompanies, but is not part of, or incorporated into, this Proxy Statement. Sincerely, Eli Simon Eli Simon Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer April 1, 2026 Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders: I invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Simon Property Group at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Wednesday, May 13, 2026. Our Annual Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting, conducted via live audio webcast on the Internet. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting as well as vote and submit your questions and examine our shareholder list during the live audio webcast of the meeting by visiting and entering the 16-digit Control Number included in your Notice, on your proxy card or in the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Although the meeting will not begin until 8:30 a.m., you will have the option to log in beginning at 8:00 a.m., on May 13, 2026, and we encourage you to log in and access the webcast at least 15 minutes before the Annual Meeting s start time. For further details on how to participate, please see Admission Requirements What Do I Need to do to Attend the 2026 Annual Meeting? in the Frequently Asked Questions and Answers on page 90 of the Proxy Statement. The following items of business will be conducted at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders: DATE AND TIME Wednesday, May 13, 2026 8:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time VIRTUAL WEBCAST www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SPG2026 See pages 89 - 90 for additional instructions RECORD DATE Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 16, 2026, are entitled to vote. ITEMS OF BUSINESS Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 13, 2026. This Proxy Statement and accompanying form of Proxy are first being made available to you on or about April 1, 2026. Proxy materials are available at proxyvote.com. Please be aware that our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders accompanies, but is not a part of, or incorporated into, this Proxy Statement. 1 Elect 13 directors to our Board of Directors, including 2 directors to be elected by the voting trustee who votes the Class B common stock, to serve until the next Annual Meeting of our Shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified 2 Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our Named Executive Officers 3 Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 4 Other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the meeting By Order of the Board of Directors, Steven E. Fivel General Counsel and Secretary April 1, 2026 Table of Contents INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK Table of Contents Table of Contents 1 Proxy Summary 7 Corporate Governance 7 Board Leadership 8 Meetings and Committees of the Board 9 Director Characteristics, Skills and Experience Matrix 10 Policies on Corporate Governance 13 Director Independence 13 The Board s Role in Oversight of Risk Management 15 Majority Vote Standard for Election of Directors in Uncontested Elections 15 Nominations for Directors 15 Communications with the Board 15 Transactions With Related Persons 16 Transactions With the Simons 17 Committee Function and Membership 20 Director Compensation 22 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 23 Overview of Director Nominees 24 Nominees for Director to Be Elected by Holders of Voting Shares 35 Nominees for Director to Be Elected by the Voting Trustee Who Votes the Class B Common Stock 39 Ownership of Equity Securities of the Company 42 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 44 Executive Officers 45 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 46 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 47 2025 Shareholder Engagement, Feedback and Response 48 Our Executive Compensation Program 49 Executive Compensation Approach and Process 50 Objectives of Our Executive Compensation Program 53 What we Pay and Why: Principal Elements of Compensation 54 Elements of Executive Compensation in 2025 62 Company Peer Group and Compensation Assessment 64 Other Elements of Compensation Policies 66 How LTIP Units Work 67 Executive Compensation Tables 67 Summary Compensation Table 68 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 69 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 71 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 72 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2025 73 Estimated Post-Employment Payments Under Alternative Termination Scenarios 75 2025 Pay Ratio Disclosure 76 Equity Compensation Plan Information 77 Pay Versus Performance 81 Assessment of Compensation-Related Risks 82 Proposal 3: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 83 Report of the Audit Committee 85 Human Capital Management 86 Additional Information 86 Annual Report 87 Shareholder Proposals at Our 2027 Annual Meeting 87 Proxy Access 88 Where You Can Find More Information 88 Incorporation by Reference 89 Frequently Asked Questions and Answers Table of Contents Proxy Summary This Proxy Statement and accompanying proxy card are being made available to shareholders on or about April 1, 2026, in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Simon Property Group, Inc. ( Simon Property Group , Simon , SPG , we , us , our or the Company ) of proxies to be voted at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ) to be held virtually via live audio webcast accessible at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SPG2026 on May 13, 2026, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time. As required by rules adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the Company is making this Proxy Statement and its 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders (which includes our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025) (the Annual Report ) available to shareholders electronically via the Internet. In addition, SPG is using the SEC s Notice and Access rules to provide shareholders with more options for receipt of these materials. Accordingly, on April 1, 2026, the Company will begin mailing the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) to shareholders which will contain instructions on how to access this Proxy Statement and the Annual Report via the Internet, how to vote online, by QR code, or by telephone, and how to receive paper copies of the documents and a proxy card. This proxy summary highlights information which may be contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Page references are supplied to help you find further information in this Proxy Statement. Proposals Submitted for Your Vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting PROPOSALS BUSINESS OF THE MEETING BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS Elect the eleven (11) independent director nominees named in this Proxy Statement Vote FOR each of the Directors Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our Named Executive Officers Vote FOR this Proposal Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 Vote FOR this Proposal SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Proxy Summary 2025 Financial and Business Highlights This summary provides highlights of select Company financial and performance information. For more complete information regarding the Company s 2025 performance, you should review the Company s Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2026, and Current Report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC on February 2, 2026. Simon Property Group had a very successful and productive year in 2025. Net Income attributable to common shareholders was $4.624 billion or $14.17 per diluted share, as compared to $2.368 billion or $7.26 per diluted share in 2024. Consolidated Net Income was $5.364 billion. Net income for 2025 includes a non-cash gain of $2.89 billion primarily related to our acquisition of the remaining interest in Taubman Realty Group, resulting from the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to fair value. Generated funds from operations ( FFO ) of $4.663 billion or $12.34 per diluted share, and real estate FFO of $4.812 billion or $12.73 per diluted share. Common stock cash dividends of $8.55 per share paid in 2025, a 5.6% increase over the amount in 2024, returning over $3.2 billion to shareholders in cash dividends. REAL ESTATE FFO PER DILUTED SHARE DIVIDENDS PER SHARE Portfolio net operating income ( NOI ), which includes NOI from international properties at constant currency, increased 4.7% compared to the prior year. NET OPERATING INCOME (NOI) INCREASED 4.7% CONSOLIDATED REVENUE (in Billions) Please see Where Do I Find Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Terms to GAAP Terms? in the section of this Proxy Statement titled Frequently Asked Questions and Answers on page 94. 2 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proxy Summary 2025 Financial and Business Highlights 13.0% $3.5 Billion 4,600 Leases $60.97 /sq.ft. Total Shareholder Return in 2025 Return to shareholders in cash dividends and share buybacks Were signed for more than 17M sq.ft. U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets base minimum rent +4.7% $799 /sq.ft. 96.4% Occupancy $9 Billion 23 In average Retailer Sales for U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets For U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets In approximate capital raised in 2025 for the Company, via capital markets, secured and unsecured financing activity New Development and Redevelopment projects delivered SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Proxy Summary Board Shareholder Engagement DIRECT ENGAGEMENT BY INDEPENDENT MEMBERS OF BOARD AND MANAGEMENT Leading up to our 2025 Annual Meeting, we were in contact with shareholders representing approximately 68.0% of our common shares outstanding, shareholders representing 43.7% of our common shares outstanding chose to engage, and independent members of the Board engaged with shareholders representing 32.7% of our common shares outstanding. Following the meeting, through the remainder of 2025 and into 2026, we reached out to shareholders representing 62.0% of our common shares outstanding, offering to discuss the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting results, governance and executive compensation matters, and other topics of the shareholders choosing. This resulted in direct engagement with shareholders representing 25.3% of our common shares outstanding, with independent members of our Board engaging with shareholders representing 20.4% of our common shares outstanding. This ongoing exchange informs our Board s meeting agendas and contributes to governance and disclosure enhancements that help us address the issues our shareholders and key stakeholders tell us matter most to them. Shareholder Engagements Between 2025 and 2026 Annual Meetings OUTREACH ENGAGEMENT TOTAL INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR ENGAGEMENT 62.0% of common shares outstanding 25.3% of common shares outstanding 20.4% of common shares outstanding IMPORTANCE OF BOARD ENGAGEMENT This Board engagement process is an important part of how we drive progress on our corporate governance objectives and our compensation, human capital and other sustainability initiatives. Importantly, this process assists us in achieving our strategic objectives of creating long-term value, maintaining our culture of compliance and contributing to the continued growth and performance of the Company. The outreach to our largest shareholders following our 2025 Annual Meeting was informative and the feedback consistently indicated that negative shareholder voting reflected concerns with the relative magnitude of certain awards arising from transactions in non-real estate investments under the A R OPI Program (as defined below), rather than opposition to the structure of our long-term incentive program designs themselves. No awards were granted under the A R OPI Program in 2025. See "2025 Shareholder Engagement, Feedback and Response below for a more detailed discussion. Comprehensive Engagement Program BOARD ACTIVITY SHAREHOLDER INPUT YEAR-ROUND ENGAGEMENT Our Board assesses and monitors investor sentiment, shareholder voting results and trends in governance, executive compensation, human capital management, regulatory, sustainability and other matters. The Board s ongoing process of continually working to enhance governance and other practices is informed by Shareholder input and feedback. Senior management and the Board review shareholder input to identify consistent themes and evaluate any issues or concerns. Members of the Board participated in a series of meetings with shareholders of the Company leading up to and following our 2025 Annual Meeting. 4 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Highlights Simon s Board is committed to good corporate governance that promotes the long-term interests of shareholders, including oversight of management s identification, assessment and mitigation of enterprise risks to which the Company is susceptible. We believe that our Board membership is both balanced and broad in experience, qualifications, skills, professional background, perspectives, and expertise and that the range of tenures of our directors creates a synergy between institutional knowledge and new perspectives. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND COMPLIANCE DIRECTOR COMPOSITION, TRAINING AND EVALUATION PROCESS 100% of Directors elected by vote of common shares are independent and 85% of our Board is independent. All standing Board committees are composed entirely of independent directors and each is chaired by an independent director. No hedging or pledging of our securities. Each Director attended at least 75% of applicable Board and Board committee meetings. All Directors are in compliance with our stock ownership guidelines. No related party transactions involving any independent directors. Our mix of Director tenure, skills and background provides a balance of experience and institutional knowledge with fresh perspectives. Our average independent Director tenure has been reduced from 11.4 years in 2021 to 9.3 years in 2026. Tailored new Director orientation program to accelerate readiness for Board and committee service. Director education on current and ongoing educational offerings. Annual Board evaluation process involving Board and Board committee performance assessments; overseen by the Chair of our Governance and Nominating Committee ( G N Committee ) and our Non-Executive Chairman. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRONG SHAREHOLDER PROTECTIONS Views active, objective, independent oversight of management as central to effective Board governance. Independent Non-Executive Chairman and separate Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") following the passing of Mr. David Simon on March 22, 2026. The Non-Executive Chairman is joined by other independent directors with broad-based experience. All Directors are required to stand for election annually. Majority voting in uncontested Director elections with a Director resignation policy for any incumbent who does not receive a majority of votes cast No shareholder rights plan. Independent Director approval required for material actions and transactions involving the Simon Family Group. BOARD OVERSIGHT RISK GOVERNANCE Our independent Directors meet privately in executive session on a regular basis without our CEO or other members of management present, meeting in four (4) such sessions in 2025. Our Board formally reviews CEO and senior management succession at least annually and assesses candidates during Board and committee meetings and in less formal settings. Board and Board committees charged with oversight of: Financial governance: Evidenced by A/A3 credit ratings by S P/Moody s. Operational governance: Annual enterprise level risk analyses with Board; rigorous investment and financial approval committee processes; field and property team-level management. Employee governance: Extensive employee learning and development platform requiring ethics, cybersecurity and other training. o Cybersecurity AI o Enterprise risk management o Strategy o Succession planning SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Proxy Summary Board Refreshment and Composition Independent Director Nominee Tenure 85% 45% 9 years 64% of our Board is Independent of nominated independent directors have joined in the previous 8 years is the median tenure of nominated independent directors of nominated independent directors served 10 years or less 6 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance Board Leadership Our Non-Executive Chairman and our CEO provide clear leadership, effective decision-making, and a cohesive corporate strategy for the Company through a bifurcated leadership structure. Larry C. Glasscock Non-Executive Chairman Eli Simon CEO, President and Chief Operating Officer On March 23, 2026, in connection with the separation of the Chairman and CEO roles and consistent with the Company's Governance Principles, the Board elected Larry C. Glasscock as Non-Executive Chairman. Mr. Glasscock has served on our Board since 2010 and, until his appointment as Non-Executive Chairman, served as Lead Independent Director. The position of Lead Independent Director has been discontinued because the Chairman is no longer a member of Company management, in accordance with Section B.8 of the Governance Principles. On March 23, 2026, following the passing of Mr. David Simon, the Board appointed Mr. Eli Simon as CEO and President. He will also continue as Chief Operating Officer ( COO ). Mr. Eli Simon's appointment reflects thoughtful succession planning discussed further on page 12 under the heading Management Succession Planning and the Board believes his leadership positions the Company for continued strong performance. Non-Executive Chairman Duties and Responsibilities Under our Governance Principles, the Non-Executive Chairman is empowered to: Preside at all Board meetings , including executive sessions of the independent directors Serve as a liaison between the CEO and the independent directors, including by facilitating communication and sharing of views between the independent directors and the CEO Approve materials sent to the Board and advise on such information Approve meeting agendas for the Board and coordinate with the CEO with respect to developing such agendas Approve Board meeting schedules to assure sufficient agenda item discussion time and coordinate with the CEO to develop such schedules Call meetings of the independent directors Ensure that he or she is available for consultation if requested by major shareholders, and engage in direct communication Retain outside advisors and consultants to report directly to the Board on Board-wide matters SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Meetings and Committees of the Board Meetings and Attendance Our business, property and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Members of our Board are kept informed of our business: through discussions with our CEO, other executive officers, and our Non-Executive Chairman, by reviewing materials provided to them concerning the business, by visiting our offices and properties, and by participating in meetings of the Board and its committees. During 2025, the Board met six times, including four in-person meetings and two video conference meetings. Our independent directors meet privately in executive session on a regular basis without our then-Chairman and CEO or other members of management present. Such executive sessions were held in connection with each of the four in-person Board meetings in 2025. Effective March 23, 2026, with the election of Larry C. Glasscock as Non-Executive Chairman, the position of Lead Independent Director has been discontinued because the Chairman is no longer a member of Company management, in accordance with Section B.8 of the Governance Principles. Prior to March 23, 2026, the Lead Independent Director presided over all executive sessions and was appointed by the independent members of the Board. The Non-Executive Chairman now presides over all Board meetings, including executive sessions of the independent directors. All of our directors participated in at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and the committees on which they served in 2025. Individual Board and, for applicable committee members, committee, meeting attendance during 2025 is set forth below. 2025 Committee Meeting Attendance 1 COMPENSATION AND GOVERNANCE AND BOARD AUDIT HUMAN CAPITAL NOMINATING OF DIRECTORS 75% attendance at Board meetings in 2025 Number of Meetings 9 7 6 6 G. Aeppel 6 6 L. Glasscock 9 6 6 A. Hubbard 2 2 2 1 N. Jones 9 6 R. Leibowitz 9 7 6 R. Lewis 9 6 G. Rodkin 6 6 P. Roe 6 6 S. Selig 9 7 6 D. Smith 7 6 M. Stewart 9 6 D. Simon 6 R. Sokolov 6 E. Simon 6 1 Mr. Cicco, an independent director, is not listed here because he did not join the Board until February 5, 2026. 2 Mr. Hubbard retired from the Board effective May 14, 2025. Directors are also expected to use reasonable efforts to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Twelve of our directors then on the Board attended our 2025 Annual Meeting. 8 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance The Board Believes that its Members Should: exhibit high standards of independent judgment and integrity; have broad and varied experiences and backgrounds; have a strong record of achievements; have an understanding of our business and the competitive environment in which we operate; and be committed to enhancing shareholder value on a long-term basis and have sufficient time to carry out their duties. In addition, the Board has determined that the Board, as a whole, should strive to have the right mix of experience, characteristics, talent and skills necessary to effectively perform its oversight responsibilities. Four of the independent director nominees are female and seven are male. The Board believes that the professional skills and experiences set forth in the matrix below are important, and when carrying out its board refreshment strategy looks for independent director candidates who have skills and experience that complement those of the existing directors. Director Characteristics, Skills and Experience Matrix G. AEPPEL M. CICCO L. GLASSCOCK N. JONES R. LEIBOWITZ R. LEWIS G. RODKIN P. ROE S. SELIG D. SMITH M. STEWART R. SOKOLOV E. SIMON SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Financial/Accounting Literacy Capital Markets Experience Real Estate Development / Management Experience Executive Leadership Risk Management Marketing / Brand Management / Consumer Focus Retail Distribution Technology Human Capital Management International Business Experience Public Policy / Government Experience Corporate Governance Sustainability SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Policies on Corporate Governance The Board has adopted thoughtful, practical governance practices and implemented measures designed to enhance the quality of its composition, strengthen independent oversight, and increase its effectiveness. These measures align our corporate governance structure with achieving our strategic objectives, and facilitate our Board s independent oversight of our culture of compliance and rigorous risk management. Good corporate governance is important to ensure that the Company is managed for the long-term benefit of its shareholders and to enhance the creation of long-term shareholder value. Each year, the G N Committee reviews our Governance Principles, which are available at governanceprinciples.simon.com, and recommends to the Board any suggested modifications. Also, the Audit Committee obtains reports from management and the leader of the Company s Audit Services function confirming that the Company and its subsidiaries are operating in conformity with the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which can be found at codeofconduct.simon.com , and advises the Board with respect to the Company s policies and procedures regarding compliance with the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Each of the Board s standing committees reviews its written charter on an annual basis to consider whether any changes are required. These charters are located on our website at committeecomposition.simon.com and are also available by visiting investors.simon.com , navigating to the Governance section, and clicking on Governance Principles, Code of Business Conduct Ethics, or Committee Composition , respectively. Shareholders may also request a printed copy, without charge, by making a written request to our Secretary at 225 W. Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204. We will also either disclose on Form 8-K and/or post on our Internet website any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to any of our directors or executive officers. PERSONAL QUALIFICATION STANDARDS TIME COMMITMENT REQUIREMENTS Our Governance Principles provide that all candidates for election to the Board should: possess high personal and professional ethics, integrity and values; and be committed to representing the long-term interests of our shareholders while fulfilling the responsibilities of directors as described in our Governance Principles. If any director simultaneously serves on more than four public company boards, including our Board, then the Board or G N Committee must determine that such service does not impair the ability of the director to effectively serve on our Board. Currently, only two of our independent directors serve on more than one other public company board. We believe that each of our independent directors is able to devote the necessary time to meet their Board commitments to the Company. In recommending candidates to the Board for election as directors, the G N Committee will consider the foregoing minimum qualifications as well as each candidate s credentials, keeping in mind our desire, as stated in our Governance Principles, to have a Board representing varied experiences and backgrounds, as well as expertise in or knowledge of specific areas that are relevant to our business activities, including those set forth in our Director Characteristics, Skills and Experience Matrix on page 9. 10 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance Board Refreshment, Orientation and Education 1 ONGOING EVALUATION AND CONTINUOUS REVIEW Although we do not have term limits or a mandatory retirement age for our directors, we do believe that periodic board refreshment is beneficial. Evidencing our commitment to thoughtful refreshment, the G N Committee regularly meets to evaluate the current composition of the Board and whether changes in such make-up may be advisable as well as identifying key characteristics of focus in the event adding or replacing a director is necessary or advisable. Specific skills, experience and characteristics are discussed and evolve through the process so as to allow the G N Committee to be prepared to make an informed recommendation for any opportunities to update the composition of the Board, all in furtherance of our Governance Principles. 2 SEARCH The G N Committee actively solicits recommendations and feedback from members of the Board as to general characteristics to target for possible new members of the Board as well as for any specific individuals who might make a compelling case should the opportunity arise. From time to time, the G N Committee engages a third-party search firm to assist in this process as the G N Committee deems appropriate. The process is informed by the necessary experience and expertise of Board and G N Committee members and independent third parties. When a possible need is identified, the G N Committee is empowered to engage with third-party, executive search firms who work to tailor search parameters to the specific criteria, which are regularly reviewed and updated. In addition, the G N Committee regularly solicits information from all members of the Board on types of candidates to focus on as well as any specified individuals. Most recently, this ongoing evaluation process resulted in the addition of Mr. Martin J. Cicco to our Board, effective February 5, 2026. Mr. Cicco brings extensive real estate market expertise gained over his career, including his leadership roles in real estate investment banking and advisory services. His familiarity with our Company and environments that we operate in position him to contribute immediately to Board deliberations, and this addition enhances Board depth and aligns with our refreshment objectives. 3 INTERVIEW PROCESS All identified candidates are screened through a rigorous process, beginning with any applicable search firm, and interviewed by members of the G N Committee, the Non-Executive Chairman, the CEO and other independent members of the Board and senior management. This process is intended to ensure that proposed candidates have the requisite tangible experience but also possess the interpersonal characteristics that are critical to maintaining the appropriate culture of our Board. 4 ORIENTATION AND ON-BOARDING All new directors participate in a director orientation program upon joining our Board, which includes a series of meetings with senior management representatives from all of our business and platform areas to review and discuss information about our company, industry, and operations. This process provides invaluable exposure to, and familiarity with, members of senior management, which further enhances the ability to execute on the Board s oversight mandate for the Company. Based on input from our directors, we believe this fulsome on-boarding approach, coupled with participation in regular Board and committee meetings, provides new directors with a strong foundation in our company s businesses, connects directors with members of management with whom they will interact and oversee, and accelerates their effectiveness to engage fully in Board deliberations. 5 EDUCATION Director education and continuous learning is vital to the ability of directors to fulfill their roles. The Board encourages directors to participate annually in external continuing director education programs. Our G N Committee regularly updates members of the Board on current and ongoing educational offerings, and our company reimburses directors for their associated expenses. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Management Succession Planning Our succession planning process is described below, and was recently put into action on March 23, 2026, when Mr. Eli Simon was appointed CEO and President following the passing of Mr. David Simon on March 22, 2026. As a result of our thoughtful and deliberate dual-prong approach to succession planning, described below, the Board was prepared to effectuate a swift and seamless transition. The Board is responsible for ensuring we have a high-performing management team in place and devotes significant time each year to CEO and senior management succession. With the assistance of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the Compensation Committee ), the Board conducts structured, in depth reviews of management development and succession planning to ensure all roles can be filled without undue interruption. This formal process occurs at least annually and is supplemented by regular discussions at scheduled Board and committee meetings and in executive session. In addition, directors assess and engage with senior management during meetings and in less formal settings to allow for direct evaluation and feedback . Our succession planning process has two prongs (emergency and long term) to facilitate orderly succession and reflects plans that are in place today. o Emergency Succession Plan : The first prong contemplates succession planning in the case of an emergency during which one or more members of our current management are unable to perform their duties. Our Board has established steps that are ready to be actively implemented in case necessary to address emergency CEO planning in extraordinary circumstances. Our emergency CEO succession planning is intended to enable the Company to respond to unexpected position vacancies, including those resulting from major medical conditions, accidents or catastrophes, allowing the Company to continue its safe and sound operation with minimal disruption or loss of continuity to its business and operations. In the event of any such vacancy, the Board is prepared to effectuate all actions necessary to allow seamless transition of management and operations and communicate the same to all relevant stakeholders. o Long-Term Succession Plan : The second prong involves long-term planning to identify and develop talent with potential to step in as our future management team. As part of our longer-term succession planning, we continually evaluate changes to our organizational architecture to prepare the Company for the next chapter in its evolution. Executive roles are evaluated and reorganized to drive our operational and strategic initiatives while allowing for growth opportunities for the next generation of potential leaders. Our CEO regularly consults with the independent members of the Board and provides recommendations and evaluations of potential CEO successors. The senior leadership team conducts enterprise wide talent reviews and maintains evergreen succession plans for critical roles that are reviewed with the Board at least annually and discussed regularly. Specifically, our Board reviews potential internal senior and middle management candidates with our CEO and our Chief Administrative Officer ( CAO ), including the qualifications, experience, and development priorities for these individuals, as well as identified succession plans for each role and individual. Development actions for identified successors may include cross functional experiences, expanded responsibilities, and executive coaching. Further, our Board, through reports from the Compensation Committee, periodically reviews the overall composition of our senior management's qualifications, tenure and experience, as well as the depth and readiness of our leadership pipeline. Stability and orderly transitions in senior management have been a hallmark of our long-term success. Mr. David Simon, our Chairman, CEO and President until his passing on March 22, 2026, Mr. John Rulli, our CAO, and Mr. Steven Fivel, our General Counsel, were all with the Company at our IPO in 1993 and remained in their respective positions for substantial durations. In June 2018, the Company promoted Mr. Brian McDade to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) after 14 years with the Company. Mr. Eli Simon was elevated from Chief Investment Officer to COO on August 6, 2025, reflecting his expanded role in overseeing the Company s operations, and following the passing of Mr. David Simon, was appointed CEO and President, effective March 23, 2026. This depth of experience and institutional knowledge among our senior leadership team has been instrumental in driving consistent, strong performance over decades. 12 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance Our Board has always recognized the importance of thoughtful succession planning to ensure continuity of our strong leadership. The Board proactively identifies individuals with the right mix of skills and experience to step into executive roles when needed, positioning the Company to maintain its high standard of performance through leadership transitions. The Company has long been focused on building a deep bench of management talent behind our executive team, and given the complex nature of our business, there are benefits to promoting individuals from within, who have a long-term understanding of our operations and track record of exceeding performance expectations. Accordingly, we place a high emphasis on developing internal pathways to top leadership positions, with succession planning efforts implemented and actively underway for our most senior roles. Evidence of this approach is tangible and reflected in the strong success we have had in retaining and promoting from within across all levels of our Company (time period as of December 31, 2025, unless otherwise noted): o The average tenure of an employee of Simon is 9.4 years, which exceeds the average tenure of the workforce nationwide of 3.9 years (based on information from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, January 2024). o 48% of our corporate employees and 27% of our field employees operating at our properties have been with Simon for 10 years or more; there are 402 employees at Simon with 20 years or more of service. o In the period of January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025, 145 corporate employees were promoted, an 8% increase from the prior year period. Also see Compensation Discussion and Analysis on page 46 of this Proxy for a discussion of how the Compensation Committee uses our Long-Term Incentive compensation program to retain a deep bench of talent and train our next potential leaders, as well as the Compensation Committee s approach regarding the compensation of successor executives. Director Independence The Board has adopted standards to assist it in making determinations of director independence. These standards incorporate, and are consistent with, the definition of independent contained in the NYSE Listed Company Manual and other applicable laws, rules and regulations in effect from time to time regarding director independence. These standards are included in our Governance Principles, which are available at governanceprinciples.simon.com . The Board has affirmatively determined that each person nominated by the Board for election as a director by the holders of voting shares of the Company s common stock and listed in this Proxy Statement meets these standards and is independent. Eleven (11) of our director nominees are independent under the requirements of the NYSE. All of the members of the Audit Committee, G N Committee and Compensation Committee are independent directors under the listing requirements and rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Mr. Allan Hubbard, who retired from the Board effective May 14, 2025, and served on the Compensation Committee and G N Committee, was also independent under the listing requirements and rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. Mr. Eli Simon (who was appointed CEO and President effective March 23, 2026) and Mr. Richard S. Sokolov, our current Class B directors, are not independent directors. Mr. David Simon, who served as a Class B director until his passing on March 22, 2026, and Mr. Herbert Simon, who served as a Class B director until February 4, 2025, also were not independent directors. The Board s Role in Oversight of Risk Management Board of Directors Responsibilities While risk management is primarily the responsibility of our management, the Board provides overall risk oversight focusing on the most significant risks we face. Audit Committee Responsibilities The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee primary oversight of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Program and the Audit Committee provides regular reports to the full Board on it. In addition, as part of its oversight of risk management, the Audit Committee reviews the Company s cybersecurity and other information security risks, controls and procedures, including those related to data privacy and network security, and any specific cybersecurity issues that could affect the adequacy of the Company s internal controls. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Our Company-wide Enterprise Risk Management Program identifies and assesses the major risks we face and includes the development of strategies for controlling, mitigating and monitoring those risks. As part of this process, every year in the third and fourth quarters, on behalf of the Audit Committee, the Company s internal Audit Services function reviews and assesses the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Program, including how risks are identified, managed, measured, monitored and reported. The identified risks and risk mitigation strategies are validated with management and presented to the Audit Committee and the Company s independent auditors for their review during the first quarter of the following year. These risks and the Company s mitigation efforts are monitored throughout the year. Our Audit Services leadership is responsible for supervising the Enterprise Risk Management Program described above and, in that role, reports directly to the Audit Committee. Other members of senior management who have responsibility for designing and implementing various aspects of our risk management process also regularly meet with the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee discusses with the Company's General Counsel legal matters that may have a material impact on the financial statements or the Company's compliance policies. The Audit Committee also discusses our identified financial and operational risks, and receives reports from senior members of management, including our CEO and CFO. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Responsibilities The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing risks relating to our compensation policies and practices. Specifically, the Compensation Committee oversees the design of incentive compensation arrangements for our executive officers to implement our pay-for-performance philosophy without encouraging or rewarding excessive risk-taking by our executive officers. The Compensation Committee approves and periodically assesses the effectiveness of any policies, plans, or agreements concerning the recoupment of incentive compensation, or "clawback policies. The Compensation Committee periodically reviews and approves or makes recommendations to the Board with respect to certain of the Company's human capital management strategies and policies, including with respect to matters such as management succession planning, and talent recruitment, development, and retention. Governance and Nominating Committee Responsibilities The G N Committee assists and generally advises the Board on sustainability matters, including overseeing the Company s sustainability strategy and related goals and policies, and periodically reviewing with management the Company s progress towards the achievement of such strategy and goals. The G N Committee also monitors and annually reviews, and if appropriate, recommends to the Board, revisions to applicable stock ownership guidelines for members of the Board. The G N Committee reviews and considers whether the service on another board by an independent member of the Board will adversely impact their ability to remain "independent" under applicable independence standards or will otherwise impair their ability to serve the Company. Management Responsibilities Our management regularly conducts additional reviews of risks, as needed, or as requested by the Board or applicable committee. Members of senior management routinely attend portions of Board and committee meetings to present on topics within their areas of responsibility and to respond to director questions. Management coordinates with the Board and the Compensation Committee on talent development and succession plans. Management escalates to the Board, or the appropriate committee, certain matters that could reasonably be expected to have a material impact on the Company, and implements Board or committee directives. 14 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance MAJORITY VOTE STANDARD FOR ELECTION OF DIRECTORS IN UNCONTESTED ELECTIONS Our bylaws (the Bylaws ) provide for a majority of votes cast standard for the election of directors in an uncontested election. The majority of votes cast standard for purposes of the election of director nominees means that in order for a director to be elected, the number of votes cast FOR a director s election must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST that director s election, provided a quorum is present. Any incumbent director who, in an uncontested election, receives a greater number of AGAINST votes than FOR votes must promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board, subject to its acceptance. The G N Committee will consider the tendered resignation and recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject it or take a different action. Both the Board and G N Committee may consider any factors they deem appropriate and relevant to their actions. The Board will act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the G N Committee s recommendation. The affected director cannot participate in any part of the process. We will publicly disclose the Board s decision by a press release, a filing with the SEC or other broadly disseminated means of communication within 90 days after the shareholders vote has been certified. In a contested election (in which the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected), the standard for election of directors will be a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors, provided a quorum is present. NOMINATIONS FOR DIRECTORS The G N Committee will consider director nominees recommended by shareholders. A shareholder who wishes to recommend a director candidate in this manner should send such recommendation to our Secretary at 225 W. Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, who will forward it to the G N Committee. Any such recommendation shall include a description of the candidate s qualifications for Board service, the candidate s written consent to be considered for nomination and to serve if nominated and elected, the addresses and telephone numbers for contacting the shareholder and the candidate for more information and the other information required by Section 1.10 of our Bylaws. A shareholder who wishes to nominate an individual as a director candidate at an Annual Meeting of Shareholders, rather than either recommend the individual to the G N Committee as a nominee or utilize the proxy access process described below and set forth in Section 1.11 of our Bylaws, shall comply with the advance notice requirements for shareholder nominations set forth in Section 1.10 of our Bylaws. COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD The Board has implemented a process by which our shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with one or more members of our Board, its committees, the Non-Executive Chairman or the independent directors as a group. Interested parties can send any such communication to Simon Property Group, Inc., Board of Directors, c/o Secretary, 225 W. Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204. The Board has instructed our Secretary to promptly forward all such communications to the specified addressees thereof. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS Annually, each director and executive officer is obligated to complete a director and officer questionnaire, which requires disclosure of any transactions with us in which the director or executive officer, or any member of his or her immediate family, has or will have an interest. Pursuant to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics at codeofconduct.simon.com , which is also available in the Governance section of our website at investors.simon.com , the Audit Committee must review and approve all related person transactions in which any executive officer, director, director nominee or more than 5% shareholder of the Company, or any of their immediate family members, had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Pursuant to the charter of the Audit Committee, which is available in the Governance section of our website at investors.simon.com , the Audit Committee may not approve a related person transaction unless (1) it is in, or not inconsistent with, our best interests and (2) where applicable, the terms of such transaction are at least as favorable to us as could be obtained from an unrelated third party. Our Articles of Incorporation (the Charter ) require that at least a majority of our directors be neither our employees nor members or affiliates of members of the Simon family. Our Charter further requires that transactions involving the Company, individually or in our capacity as general partner of our subsidiary, Simon Property Group, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), and any entity in which any of the Simons has an interest must, in addition to any other vote that may be required, be approved in advance by a majority of such independent directors. We currently have eleven independent directors serving on the Board. Our General Counsel is charged with reviewing any conflict of interest involving any other employee. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Transactions with the Simons Shopping Center Management and MSA Operations Since 1993 we have managed two shopping centers owned by entities in which members of the Simon family have ownership interests, for which we received a fee of $4,695,147 in 2025 pursuant to management agreements that provide for our receipt of a management fee and reimbursement of our direct and indirect costs. We provide office space and support services to Melvin Simon Associates, Inc. ( MSA ), a related party, for which we received a fee of $850,000 in 2025. During 2025, MSA was owned 30.94% by trusts for the benefit of Mr. Herbert Simon (who retired from our Board effective February 4, 2025), 3.04% by a trust for the benefit of Mr. David Simon (who passed away on March 22, 2026), and by certain other shareholders. Please see footnote 4 to the Principal Shareholders table on page 41 of this Proxy Statement for additional information on MSA. As Mr. Eli Simon is the son of the late Mr. David Simon, each of the transactions described above involving Mr. David Simon may be considered a related party transaction with respect to Mr. Eli Simon. Aircraft Reimbursement and Payments DS Aviation, LLC ( DS Aviation ), an entity which was beneficially owned by Mr. David Simon, owns an aircraft (the DS Aircraft ) which was used in 2025, in part, by the Company, for business purposes, pursuant to a lease agreement. The total amount paid in 2025 to DS Aviation was $3,464,710 under the lease. In addition, Simon Hangar, LLC ( Hangar ), an entity which is beneficially owned by Mr. Herbert Simon, received $56,000 relating to the Company s business use of the DS Aircraft, pursuant to a management services agreement. The foregoing amounts charged to or reimbursed by the Company are less than the total actual cost per hour of operating the aircraft and are substantially less than the cost of chartering equivalent aircraft from unrelated third parties, based on a 2025 review and study of third-party market providers of such services and a review of actual costs incurred. HS Arrow, LLC ( HS Arrow ), an entity beneficially owned by Mr. Herbert Simon, owns an aircraft (the HS Aircraft ) which was used, in part, for Company related business in 2025. The Company s use of the HS Aircraft is the subject of a reimbursement agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to reimburse Mr. Herbert Simon, on behalf of HS Arrow, the fixed annual amount of $250,000 for use of the HS Aircraft. This agreement terminated effective February 4, 2025. The prorated amount paid to Mr. Herbert Simon for use of the HS Aircraft in 2025 was $23,973, and all future reimbursements and payments have ceased. Such reimbursement includes all costs, fees, charges and expenses incurred by HS Arrow with respect to the Company use of the aircraft by Mr. Herbert Simon. These agreements were unanimously approved by the independent members of the Board of Directors upon the recommendation of the Company s General Counsel and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. As Mr. Eli Simon is the son of the late Mr. David Simon, each of the transactions described above involving Mr. David Simon may be considered a related party transaction with respect to Mr. Eli Simon. Terms of Employment of Mr. Sam Simon Mr. Sam Simon is a Senior Vice President, Corporate Investments, and is the son of the late Mr. David Simon and the brother of Mr. Eli Simon. In 2025, the Company paid Mr. Sam Simon a base salary of $257,500 and a bonus of $75,000. In March 2025, Mr. Sam Simon was awarded a maximum opportunity of $200,000 under the 2025 Corporate Incentive Compensation Plan ( ICP ). The foregoing employment and compensation arrangements for Mr. Sam Simon have been reviewed and approved by the independent directors of the Board. 16 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance Committee Function and Membership Audit Committee BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE Marta R. Stewart (Chair) MEMBERS Larry C. Glasscock Nina P. Jones Reuben S. Leibowitz Randall J. Lewis Stefan M. Selig COMMITTEE CHARTER The Audit Committee charter is available on our website at: investors.simon.com/corporate-governance/committee-composition. The Report of the Audit Committee begins on page 83. 9 MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 All members are Independent FUNCTION, AUTHORITY AND PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Assists the Board in monitoring the integrity of our financial statements, internal control over financial reporting, the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm, the performance of our internal audit function and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Reviews and approves or ratifies all related person transactions in which any executive officer, director, director nominee, or greater than 5% stockholders, or any of their immediate family members, has a material interest. Oversees the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Program and cybersecurity preparedness. Sole authority to appoint or replace our independent registered public accounting firm and pre-approves the auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms thereof. Authority to retain legal, accounting or other advisors. Reviews and discusses with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our annual audited financial statements, our quarterly earnings releases and financial statements, significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements and any major issues regarding the adequacy of our internal controls. Issues the report on its activities which appears in this Proxy Statement. Oversees and discusses with management the Company s annual disclosure of its sustainability, including sustainability matters and efforts in the form of an annual sustainability report. The charter of the Audit Committee requires that each member meet the independence and experience requirements of the NYSE, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) and the rules and regulations of the SEC. All members are audit committee financial experts as defined by the rules of the SEC SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Compensation and Human Capital Committee BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE Reuben S. Leibowitz (Chair) MEMBERS Stefan M. Selig Daniel C. Smith, Ph.D. COMMITTEE CHARTER The Compensation Committee charter is available on our website at: investors.simon.com/corporate-governance/committee-composition. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report is on page 45. 7 MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 All members are Independent FUNCTION, AUTHORITY AND PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Sets remuneration levels for our executive officers. Approves and authorizes the Company to enter into employment agreements, severance arrangements, change in control agreements or provisions, or other compensation-related agreements with executive officers, as appropriate. Reviews significant employee benefit programs. Establishes and administers our executive compensation program and our stock incentive plan. Reviews and discusses with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, and, if appropriate, recommends its inclusion in our Annual Report and Proxy Statement. Issues the report on its activities which appears in this Proxy Statement. Oversees human capital management, including but not limited to management succession planning and talent recruitment, development and retention. Periodically reviews and makes recommendations to the Board, as appropriate, with respect to certain of the Company s human capital management strategies and policies, including with respect to matters such as management succession planning, workplace environment and culture, and talent recruitment, development and retention. Authorized to delegate authority to subcommittees of directors or designated executive officers for any matter that does not affect the compensation of executive officers. Has sole authority to retain the advice and assistance of, and to terminate the engagement of, compensation consultants and legal, accounting or other advisors. o Its current independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC ( Semler Brossy ), has served the Committee since 2011. o Semler Brossy does not provide any other services to management of the Company. o Semler Brossy assists the Compensation Committee in the review and design of the Company s executive compensation program. The charter of the Compensation Committee requires that each member meet the independence requirements of the NYSE and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation Committee during 2025 was an officer, employee or former officer of us or any of our subsidiaries or had any relationship requiring disclosure in this Proxy Statement pursuant to SEC regulations. In 2025, none of our executive officers served as a member of a compensation committee or a director of another entity under the circumstances requiring disclosure in this Proxy Statement pursuant to SEC regulations. 18 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance Governance and Nominating Committee BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE Glyn F. Aeppel (Chair) MEMBERS Larry C. Glasscock Gary M. Rodkin Peggy Fang Roe COMMITTEE CHARTER The G N Committee charter is available on our website at: investors.simon.com/corporate-governance/committee-composition. 6 MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 All members are Independent FUNCTION, AUTHORITY AND PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Nominates persons to serve as directors in accordance with our Governance Principles and prescribes appropriate qualifications for Board members based upon the composition of the then-current Board and any other skills, experience or characteristics of prospective Board members needed or desired. Considers and assesses director nominees recommended by shareholders. Develops and recommends to the Board the Governance Principles applicable to the Company and the Board, and reviews and reassesses the adequacies of such guidelines or principles annually. Leads the Board in its annual evaluation of the Board s performance. Oversees the assessment of the independence of each director and reviews whether service by an independent director on other boards could impair independence or effectiveness of such director. Reviews compliance with stock ownership guidelines and makes recommendations regarding compensation for non-employee directors. Responsible for screening director candidates but may solicit advice from our CEO and other members of the Board. Authority to retain legal, accounting or other advisors, and has sole authority to approve the fees and other terms and conditions associated with retaining any such external advisors. Assists and generally advises the Board on sustainability matters, including overseeing the Company s sustainability strategy and related goals and policies, and periodically reviewing with management the Company s progress towards the achievement of such strategy and goals. The charter of the G N Committee requires that each member meet the independence requirements of the NYSE and any other legal and regulatory requirements. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Director Compensation The Board believes that competitive compensation arrangements are necessary to attract and retain qualified independent directors. Based on the recommendation of the G N Committee, effective as of the September 2025 quarterly payment, the Board approved an increase (from $175,000 to $210,000) in the annual equity retainer paid to the independent members of the Board. This was the first adjustment to director pay since 2018 and was made to position the Company's annual equity retainer competitively relative to its peer group. The Board also approved an increase in the annual additional retainers paid to the G N Committee members (from $10,000 to $15,000) and its Chair (from $25,000 to $35,000) to align with the other committees compensation and to reflect the recent increase in the broader market. Compensation applicable to service on the Board by our non-employee directors (after giving effect to the increase described above) is listed below. ANNUAL RETAINERS FOR ALL NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS Annual Cash Retainer: $110,000, paid quarterly. Restricted Stock Awards: Valued on the grant date at $210,000. o Vests on the first anniversary of the grant date Committee chairpersons, committee members and our Non-Executive Chairman or Lead Independent Director, as applicable, are entitled to the following additional retainers, in each case paid 50% in cash and 50% in unvested restricted stock: ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION FOR COMMITTEE SERVICE COMMITTEES Audit Compensation and Human Capital Governance and Nominating Non-Executive Chairman / Lead Independent Director $50,000 Committee Chair $35,000 $35,000 $35,000 Committee Member $15,000 $15,000 $15,000 Our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ) provides that the aggregate grant date fair market value of equity awards that may be granted during any fiscal year to a non-employee director shall not exceed $750,000. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines We have a stringent stock retention policy that further aligns our directors financial interests with those of our shareholders. The Company believes that it is advisable for its independent directors to retain a fixed dollar amount of Company common stock as opposed to a fixed number of common shares. The stock ownership guidelines for each of the Company s independent directors require that each independent director own $850,000 worth of common stock of the Company (or the equivalent amount of limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership) by no later than six years after the date he or she is elected to the Board. Stock options and unvested shares of restricted stock do not count toward this requirement. The ownership guidelines also require independent directors to hold shares acquired upon the vesting of restricted stock awards received as compensation for their service on the Board and its committees, together with all dividends paid on such awards which are required to be utilized to purchase additional shares of the Company s common stock, in the director account of the Company s deferred compensation plan until the director retires, dies or becomes disabled, or otherwise no longer serves as a director. The Company s deferred 20 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Corporate Governance compensation plan is described in Other Elements of Compensation Policies on page 64 in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement. Any director who is prohibited by law or by applicable regulation of his or her employer from having an ownership interest in our securities will be exempt from this requirement until the restriction is lifted, at which time he or she will have the following six-year period to comply with the ownership guidelines. The Board may grant exceptions on a case-by-case basis. As of March 16, 2026, all independent directors of the Board have met or, within the applicable period, are expected to meet, these stock ownership guidelines. Additionally, directors are subject to limitations on trading our securities, including prohibitions on hedging our securities, under our Insider Trading Policy. 2025 Independent Director Compensation The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation we paid to our independent directors for 2025: FEES EARNED OR NAME (1) PAID IN CASH (2) STOCK AWARDS (3) TOTAL Glyn F. Aeppel $ 124,511 $ 192,127 $ 316,638 Larry C. Glasscock $ 148,505 $ 217,754 $ 366,259 Allan Hubbard (4) $ 45,096 $ $ 45,096 Nina P. Jones $ 117,500 $ 187,130 $ 304,630 Reuben S. Leibowitz $ 135,000 $ 205,021 $ 340,021 Randall J. Lewis $ 117,500 $ 187,130 $ 304,630 Gary M. Rodkin $ 116,005 $ 184,551 $ 300,556 Peggy Fang Roe $ 116,005 $ 184,551 $ 300,556 Stefan M. Selig $ 125,000 $ 194,705 $ 319,705 Daniel C. Smith, Ph.D. $ 117,500 $ 187,130 $ 304,630 Marta R. Stewart $ 127,500 $ 197,284 $ 324,784 1. As of December 31, 2025, the independent directors owned shares of restricted stock subject to vesting requirements in the following amounts: Glyn F. Aeppel 1,192; Larry C. Glasscock 1,351; Nina P. Jones 1,161; Reuben S. Leibowitz 1,272; Randall J. Lewis 1,161; Gary M. Rodkin 1,145; Peggy Fang Roe 1,145; Stefan M. Selig 1,208; Daniel C. Smith, Ph.D. 1,161; and Marta R. Stewart 1,224. Mr. David Simon, Mr. Richard S. Sokolov and Mr. Eli Simon, who were also directors during 2025, are not included in this table because they were not independent directors in 2025 and did not receive any compensation for their service as directors. Mr. Herbert Simon retired from the Board of Directors effective February 4, 2025. Mr. Sokolov received $1,250,000 from the Company in 2025 for his services to the Company unrelated to his position as a non-independent, Class B director. The compensation paid to Mr. David Simon and Mr. Eli Simon as executive officers of the Company is shown in the Summary Compensation Table on page 67 of this Proxy Statement. Mr. Cicco, an independent director, is not listed here because he joined the Board of Directors on February 5, 2026. 2. In 2025, Mr. Hubbard elected to defer his cash compensation. 3. Represents the ASC 718 grant date fair value of the restricted stock awarded to the directors, determined based on the closing price of our common stock as reported by the NYSE on the date of grant. Restricted stock granted to directors must be held in the director deferred compensation account, and dividends on the restricted shares must be reinvested in additional shares of common stock which also must be held in the director deferred compensation account. 4. Mr. Hubbard retired from the Board of Directors, effective May 14, 2025. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Based on the recommendation of the G N Committee, the Board has nominated the following eleven (11) persons listed as Nominees for Director to be Elected by Holders of Voting Shares. All of the nominees are current directors. We expect each nominee for election as a director named in this Proxy Statement will be able to serve if elected. If any nominee is not able to serve, proxies will be voted in favor of the remainder of those nominated and may be voted for substitute nominees. The names, principal occupations and certain other information about the nominees for director, as well as key experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the G N Committee to conclude that such person is currently qualified to serve as a director, are set forth on the following pages. The Board Unanimously Recommends that Shareholders Vote FOR the following independent director Nominees: 22 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Overview of Director Nominees COMMITTEES Name and primary occupation Age Director Since Ind Audit Compensation and Human Capital Governance and Nominating Other public board(s) GLYN F. AEPPEL President and CEO of Glencove Capital 67 2016 AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Maui Land Pineapple Company, Inc. MARTIN J. CICCO Former Head of Real Estate Advisory at Evercore and Global Head of Real Estate Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch 70 2026 LARRY C. GLASSCOCK Former Chairman of Anthem, Inc. 77 2010 Sysco Corporation NINA P. JONES Retired Vice President and Portfolio Manager of T. Rowe Price 46 2024 Equity Residential Pebblebrook Hotel Trust REUBEN S. LEIBOWITZ Managing Member of JEN Partners 78 2005 RANDALL J. LEWIS Managing Partner for Cleveland Avenue, LLC 63 2023 Guardian Pharmacy Services GARY M. RODKIN Retired CEO of ConAgra Foods, Inc. 73 2015 McCormick Company Incorporated PEGGY FANG ROE Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of Marriott International 54 2021 STEFAN M. SELIG Founder of BridgePark Advisors LLC 63 2017 Safehold Inc. DANIEL C. SMITH, PH.D. Clare W. Barker Professor of Marketing, Kelley School of Business, Indiana University 68 2009 MARTA R. STEWART Retired Executive Vice President and CFO of Norfolk Southern Corporation 68 2018 Sherwin Williams Company IND = Independent = Non-Executive Chairman = Committee Chair = Member SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Nominees for Director to Be Elected by Holders of Voting Shares CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Currently President and CEO of Glencove Capital, a lifestyle hospitality investment and advisory company that she founded in 2010. Previously served as Chief Investment Officer of Andre Balazs Properties (October 2008 to May 2010). Previously served as Executive Vice President of Acquisitions and Development for Loews Hotels and was a member of its executive committee (April 2006 to October 2008). Previously served as Principal of Aeppel and Associates (April 2004 to April 2006). Previously held executive positions with Le Meridien Hotels, Interstate Hotels Resorts, Inc., FFC Hospitality, LLC, Holiday Inn Worldwide and Marriott Corporation (prior to April 2004). Currently serves on board of directors of Maui Land Pineapple Company, Inc., and also AvalonBay Communities, Inc., where she serves on the Investment and Finance Committee and Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee. She also serves on the boards of Exclusive Resorts, LLC, Gilbane Inc., and Concord Hospitality Enterprises. Previously served on the boards of Key Hospitality Acquisition Corporation, Loews Hotels Corporation and Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. Glyn F. Aeppel Independent Director Since: 2016 Age: 67 COMMITTEES Governance and Nominating (Chair) DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Aeppel has more than 30 years of experience in property acquisitions, development and financing. Ms. Aeppel has experience in both public and private companies focusing on the acquisition, operation and branding of hotel properties, including serving as Chief Investment Officer at Andre Balazs Properties and Executive Vice President, Acquisitions and Development, of Loews Hotel Corporation. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Maui Land Pineapple Company, Inc. EDUCATION Principia College, B.A. Harvard Business School, M.B.A. 24 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Served as Senior Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Advisory at Evercore Partners, until he stepped down in March of 2025. He joined the firm in April 2010, when Evercore acquired MJC Associates, a commercial real estate advisory boutique which Mr. Cicco founded in 2007. Spent 29 years at Merrill Lynch Co., ultimately serving as Vice Chairman of Global Commercial Real Estate and Global Head of Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Investment Banking. Currently Senior Advisor to Lightstone Group, a real estate investment and development company. Martin J. Cicco Independent Director Since: 2026 Age: 70 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Cicco has been involved in a broad range of transactions throughout the real estate, gaming and hospitality sectors, including numerous IPOs, an extensive list of significant equity and debt capital markets transactions, and a broad range of both sell-side and buy-side M A assignments in the U.S. and internationally over the course of his 45-year career. COMMITTEES None OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS None EDUCATION Columbia University, B.A. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Served as Lead Independent Director of the Company from 2014 until that position was discontinued and he was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman, effective March 23, 2026. Former Chairman of Anthem, Inc., a healthcare insurance company, now known as Elevance Health, Inc. (November 2005 to March 2010). President and CEO of WellPoint, Inc. (2004 to 2007). Previously served as Chairman, President and CEO of Anthem, Inc. from 2003 to 2004 and served as President and CEO of Anthem, Inc. from 2001 to 2003. Previously served as a director of Anthem, Inc., as a director for Sprint Nextel Corporation until 2013, and as a director and non-executive chairman of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. until 2021. Currently is the Lead Independent Director of Sysco Corporation and a member of its Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and Executive Committee. Served as the CEO of the nation's leading health benefits company for many years. He has experience in leading a large public company, setting and implementing strategic plans, developing and implementing turnaround and growth strategies, and developing talent and participating in successful leadership transitions. Larry C. Glasscock Independent Non-Executive Chairman Director Since: 2010 Age: 77 COMMITTEES Audit Governance and Nominating DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Glasscock also has experience leading acquisitions of companies. In addition, he worked in financial services for over 20 years and can identify meaningful metrics to assess a company s performance. He also serves, and has served for over 15 years, as a director of other public companies. The Board has determined that Mr. Glasscock is an audit committee financial expert. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS Sysco Corporation FORMER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS WITHIN THE LAST FIVE YEARS Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. EDUCATION Cleveland State University, B.B.A. 26 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Over 15 years of real estate investing experience at T. Rowe Price, a global investment manager with over $1 trillion in assets under management. Currently serves on the Audit Committee and as Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee for Equity Residential. Most recently served as Vice President, Portfolio Manager, of the T. Rowe Price U.S. Real Estate Equity Strategy until her retirement in December 2023. Previously served as portfolio manager of the U.S. Real Estate Equity Strategy (2019 to 2023). Previously served as portfolio manager of the Global Real Estate Equity Strategy (2015 to 2021). Previously served as global team leader for real estate at T. Rowe Price influencing over $50 billion of assets under management across the platform including as an advisory committee member of the Mid-Cap Value, Institutional Large-Cap Value, Global Growth, Global Stock, and Financial Services strategies. Previously served as a Senior Associate in Audit and Risk Advisory for KPMG, earning the CPA designation. Nina P. Jones Independent Director Since: 2024 Age: 46 COMMITTEES Audit DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Jones currently is a Trustee of Equity Residential, where she is a member of the Audit Committee and the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee. She is also a Trustee of Pebblebrook Hotel Trust, where she is a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Ms. Jones is a certified public accountant and has significant experience reviewing financial statements during her tenure with KPMG. She also has extensive experience analyzing and investing in real estate companies. The Board has determined that Ms. Jones is an "audit committee financial expert." OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS Equity Residential Pebblebrook Hotel Trust EDUCATION University of Maryland, B.S. Columbia University, M.B.A. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Reuben S. Leibowitz Independent Director Since: 2005 Age: 78 CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Currently Managing Member of JEN Partners, a private equity firm (Since 2005). Previously served as Managing Director of Warburg Pincus (1984 to 2005). Previously served as Director of Chelsea Property Group, Inc. (1993 to 2004). Led a major private equity firm's real estate activities for many years and in that role was also responsible for implementing long-term corporate strategies. Practiced 15 years as a CPA, including a number of years specializing in tax issues, and is an attorney. He has an in-depth understanding of our Premium Outlets platform, having served as a director of Chelsea Property Group, the publicly-held company we acquired in 2004. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS COMMITTEES Mr. Leibowitz practiced 15 years as a CPA, including a number of years specializing in tax issues, and is an attorney. He has an in-depth understanding of our Premium Outlets platform, having served as a director of Chelsea Property Group, the publicly-held company we acquired in 2004. The Board has determined that Mr. Leibowitz is an audit committee financial expert. Audit Compensation and Human Capital (Chair) OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS None EDUCATION Brooklyn College, B.S. New York University, M.B.A., L.L.M. Brooklyn Law School, J.D. 28 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Mr. Lewis joined Cleveland Avenue in 2020 and is responsible for leading transaction sourcing, due diligence, financial evaluation and portfolio management of the firm's portfolio investments. Currently the Managing Partner for Cleveland Avenue, LLC, a venture capital investment firm that invests in agrifood and beverage, related technologies, and lifestyle related technology investments. He is also a Certified Public Accountant. Previously served his alma mater, Purdue University, as Executive Director for the Krannert Professional Development Center from 2013 to 2020. Currently serves on the board of directors for Guardian Pharmacy Services, where he is Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee. Over 35 years of finance, risk management, and operations experience. This includes his years with GE, Wells Fargo and Elevance Health, Inc. (formerly Anthem). While working for these Fortune 500 companies, he held various senior executive roles, including Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Auditor, Managing Director of Corporate Development, and CEO for a start-up logistics firm which was sold. Randall J. Lewis Independent Director Since: 2023 Age: 63 COMMITTEES Audit DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Lewis s experience has provided extensive exposure and a high level of familiarity with applicable regulations regarding preparation and review of financial statements. The Board has determined that Mr. Lewis is an audit committee financial expert. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS Guardian Pharmacy Services EDUCATION Purdue University, B.S., M.B.A. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Currently a member of the board of directors of Rutgers University and the Chairman of Feeding America, a national network of food banks. Previously served as CEO and member of the board of ConAgra Foods, Inc. (2005 to May 2015). Previously served as Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo Beverages and Foods North America (February 2003 to June 2005). Joined PepsiCo in 1998, after it acquired Tropicana, where Mr. Rodkin had served as President since 1995. From 1979 to 1995, Mr. Rodkin held marketing and general management positions of increasing responsibility at General Mills, with his last three years at the company as President, Yoplait Colombo. Currently serves on the board of directors of McCormick Company, Incorporated, where he is a member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. He served as a director of ConAgra Foods, Inc. from 2005 to 2015 and Avon Products, Inc. from 2008 to 2016. Gary M. Rodkin Independent Director Since: 2015 Age: 73 COMMITTEES Governance and Nominating DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Rodkin has extensive experience in the leadership and management of a large, packaged food company and expertise in branding and marketing of food and food service operations globally as the former CEO of ConAgra Foods, Inc. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS McCormick Company Incorporated EDUCATION Rutgers University, B.S. Harvard Business School, M.B.A. 30 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Since 2023, serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer for Marriott International. Responsible for Marriott s Global Customer Group overseeing the management of Marriott s Portfolio of 30+ Brands and Experiences, Customer Experience Design and Innovation, Global Marketing, Data and Martech, The Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program, Partnerships, New Businesses, and the Worldwide Customer Engagement Centers. Joined Marriott International in 2003 and has served in several positions before being named Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, including Global Officer, Customer Experience, Loyalty New Ventures, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Asia Pacific, Global Operations, Global Brand Marketing and Brand Management. Currently the Executive Sponsor of the Women s Associate Resource Group at Marriott International and served as a board member of the Hong Kong chapter of the Asian University of Women in Bangladesh. Currently serves as the Board Chair for the Marriott Alibaba joint venture and serves on the Board of Directors of the Association of National Advertisers. Peggy Fang Roe Independent Director Since: 2021 Age: 54 COMMITTEES Governance and Nominating DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Roe has more than 20 years of experience in the hotel industry and serves as EVP and Chief Customer Officer for the largest global hospitality company in the world. In that role, Ms. Roe gained experience in globalization, leadership, and management. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS None EDUCATION University of Michigan, B.A. Harvard Business School, M.B.A. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Founder of BridgePark Advisors LLC, a strategic advisory firm. Prior to that Mr. Selig served as the Undersecretary of Commerce for International Trade for the U.S. Department of Commerce from 2014 to 2016. Prior to joining Bank of America in May 1999, Mr. Selig held various senior investment banking positions, including Co-Head of Mergers Acquisitions for UBS Securities. Began his investment banking career in the Mergers Acquisitions Group at The First Boston Corporation in 1984, and subsequently was an original member of Wasserstein Perella Co. Currently serves on the board of directors of Safehold Inc. where he is the Lead Independent Director and serves on each of the audit, investment and compensation committees. In the past five years, Mr. Selig served as Chairman of the Board of Venator Materials PLC; served as Chairman of the Board of directors of Rotor Acquisition Corp.; and served on the board of directors of 5E Advanced Materials, Inc., and Entercom Communications Corp., now known as Audacy, Inc. Stefan M. Selig Independent Director Since: 2017 Age: 63 COMMITTEES Audit Compensation and Human Capital DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Selig is a highly accomplished banker and senior executive who has served in prominent leadership roles in both the private and public sectors. Mr. Selig also has extensive government and economic policy experience, having served as the Undersecretary of Commerce for International Trade for the U.S. Department of Commerce. The Board has determined that Mr. Selig is an audit committee financial expert. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS Safehold Inc. FORMER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS WITHIN THE LAST FIVE YEARS Venator Materials PLC Rotor Acquisition Corp. Entercom Communications Corp. 5E Advanced Materials, Inc. EDUCATION Wesleyan, B.A. London School of Economics Harvard Business School, M.B.A. 32 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Daniel C. Smith, Ph.D. Independent Director Since: 2009 Age: 68 CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Previously served as The Clare W. Barker Professor of Marketing at the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University (the "Kelley School"). Previously served as President and CEO of the Indiana University Foundation from 2012 to 2020 and as Dean of the Kelley School from 2005 to 2012. Joined the faculty of the Kelley School in 1996. Previously served as Chair of the Marketing Department, Chair of the MBA Program, and Associate Dean of Faculty and Research. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Dr. Smith has spent over 30 years teaching, conducting research, and consulting in the areas of marketing strategy, brand management, financial management, compensation, human resource development and corporate governance. He served as Dean of one of the country s top rated and largest business schools and as the President and CEO of one of the nation s largest university foundations with over $3.0 billion of assets. Both as Dean and Foundation CEO, he was responsible for financial oversight and long-term financial planning, hiring and retention policies, compensation policies, public relations and overall long-term strategy. COMMITTEES Compensation and Human Capital OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS None EDUCATION The University of Toledo, B.S., M.B.A. University of Pittsburgh, Katz School of Business, Ph.D. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Marta R. Stewart Independent Director Since: 2018 Age: 68 CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Previously served as Executive Vice President and CFO of Norfolk Southern Corporation (2013 to 2017). Began her career in 1979 at Peat Marwick (a predecessor to KPMG). Joined Norfolk Southern Corporation in 1983 and served in several finance positions before becoming Vice President Controller in 2003 and then Vice President Treasurer in 2009. Currently serves on the board of directors for Sherwin-Williams Company, where she serves as the Chair of the Audit Committee and is a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Previously served on the board of directors of The Raytheon Company, where she was a member of the Audit Committee and of the Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Committee from 2018 to 2020. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mrs. Stewart has more than 35 years of experience in finance and served as CFO for one of the largest railway companies in the world. In that role, Mrs. Stewart gained extensive experience in leadership and management as well as expertise in accounting systems and controls of a Fortune 500 company traded on the NYSE. The Board has determined that Mrs. Stewart is an audit committee financial expert. COMMITTEES Audit (Chair) OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS Sherwin Williams Company EDUCATION The College of William Mary, B.B.A. 34 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Nominees for Director to Be Elected by the Voting Trustee Who Votes the Class B Common Stock Class B Common Stock Voting The voting trustee who votes our Class B common stock, and who has the right to elect up to four directors, has nominated the two persons listed below as Nominees for Director to be Elected by the Voting Trustee Who Votes the Class B Common Stock. Each of the nominees are currently Class B directors. The trustee of the voting trust to which all 8,000 outstanding shares of the Class B common stock are subject (the Class B Voting Trust ) has agreed to elect Eli Simon and Richard S. Sokolov to the Board. Prior to his passing, David Simon was also one of the Company s Class B directors, elected pursuant to the terms of our Charter. Any Class B director vacancy may only be filled by the vote of the voting trustee on behalf of the Class B Voting Trust, and as of the date of this Proxy Statement, the voting trustee has not exercised its right to fill such vacancy. BACKGROUND ONE-SHARE/ONE-VOTE ECONOMICS Class B common stock has existed since the Company s initial public offering ( IPO ), is common among REITs and has allowed property owners to contribute their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership ( OP Units ), on a tax deferred basis. Class B has the same economic rights as common stock on an as - converted basis. It carries one vote per share and does not confer super - voting or special control rights. It exists to provide limited, minority Board representation for contributors whose OP Units do not carry a direct vote. NARROW, TERM LIMITED RIGHT BOTTOM LINE The Charter provides that holders of Class B may elect up to four non - controlling directors, with automatic step - downs and conversion triggers tied to the Simon Family Group s ownership levels. These built - in sunsets in the Charter ensure the structure adapts as ownership changes and no action of the Board is necessary or permitted to make any change to the structure. Class B is a practical, time - tested tool that has supported three decades of growth and value creation without disadvantaging common shareholders. Some advisory frameworks classify any separate class with a class-vote as dual-class, yet our Class B differs materially from the structures those policies are designed to address. There is no multi-vote stock, no special economic preference, and no control lock-in. Class B Is A class with identical dividend and liquidation rights to common stock on an as - converted basis; one vote per share; a limited right to elect up to four directors; and clear sunset provisions Subject to robust safeguards. A majority - independent Board; fully independent Audit, Compensation, and Governance Nominating committees; and a charter requirement that any transaction involving the Simon Family Group be approved by a majority of independent directors. Class B Is Not A super - vote or control class. Class B directors are a minority of the Board and do not approve or disapprove material corporate decisions. Permanent. If the Simon Family Group s aggregate ownership falls below defined thresholds, Class B s election rights reduce and ultimately all Class B shares automatically convert one - for - one into common stock. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Reality of Class B Characteristics Automatic sunsets. Class B s rights diminish and then terminate as family ownership declines, culminating in automatic one - for - one conversion to common stock below a defined ownership threshold, without Board action. Minority, not control. Class B can elect only a non - controlling minority of directors, with no special consent rights. Historically, the voting trustees have elected fewer than the maximum allowed. Independent directors constitute a Board majority, and all key committees are entirely independent. Shareholder interests front and center. Because Class B shares have identical economic rights on an as-converted basis and cannot dictate corporate outcomes, the structure aligns not opposes shareholder value creation. Same economics, same dividends. Class B receives dividends and other distributions on terms equivalent to the number of common shares into which it is convertible, aligning incentives across all shareholders. One - share/one - vote principle maintained. Unlike typical dual - class structures, Class B does not multiply voting power. Common and Class B generally vote together as a single class, one vote per share, preserving proportional voice for all shareholders. Contrary to what certain proxy advisory services have falsely asserted, Class B does not confer the right to elect the Chairman of the Board, CEO or Vice Chairman, which are elected by a majority of the Board. The Council of Institutional Investors does not include Simon Property Group in its most recent list of Dual-Class Companies. Proof of Value: What Class B Has Enabled Since Inception A powerful catalyst for growth. Class B helped establish and maintain the trust and alignment necessary for property owners to accept OP Units in tax - deferred exchanges, fueling strategic expansion through our Operating Partnership. Transaction currency that built today s Company. OP Units, supported by the confidence provided through limited Class B representation, have served as essential currency for landmark transactions that shaped Simon s leadership position, including DeBartolo Realty (1996), Chelsea Property Group (2004), The Mills Corporation (2007), Prime Outlets (2010), and Taubman Centers (2020). Value Creation. These transactions expanded our platform and diversified cash flows key drivers of long - term value for all shareholders. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned an approximate 85.4% ownership interest in the Operating Partnership, and OP Unit holders owning 14.6%, representing approximately $10.3 billion of value based on the Company s share price as of such date. Enduring alignment through cycles. For more than three decades, the Class B framework has fostered continuity of stewardship and disciplined capital allocation while preserving independent oversight and shareholder protections. 36 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Appointed CEO and President of the Company, effective March 23, 2026. Joined Simon in 2019 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Investments and was promoted to Chief Investment Officer in 2024 prior to being promoted to Executive Vice President and COO in 2025. Mr. Eli Simon, working closely with the Board of Directors and the executive management team, leads the Company's strategic direction and management, overseeing portfolio performance, development projects, acquisitions, capital allocation and brand strategy. He represents the Company to key stakeholders, including investors, analysts and media, and fosters a culture of operational excellence and disciplined execution. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Eli Simon was Principal and Head of North American Lodging at Och-Ziff Capital Management and Och-Ziff Real Estate (collectively now Sculptor Capital Management), where he oversaw all lodging-related investments, including asset and portfolio acquisitions, operating company investments, and lending opportunities. Eli Simon CEO, President and COO Director Since: 2024 Age: 38 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Simon served as director and CEO of Simon Property Group Acquisition Holdings, Inc., and as director of Taubman Realty Group; and currently serves on the boards of Catalyst Brands, Rue Gilt Groupe and Jamestown L.P. He is integrally involved with the Company s investment and growth strategy and execution. He has been actively involved in the Company s most recent, successful investments. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS None FORMER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS WITHIN THE LAST FIVE YEARS Simon Property Group Acquisition Holdings, Inc. EDUCATION University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School, B.S., M.B.A. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Served as Vice Chairman of the Company since February 2019, a director of the Company or its predecessor since 1996 and President and COO of the Company or its predecessor from 1996 to February 2019. He also served as President and CEO of DeBartolo Realty Corporation from its incorporation in 1994 until it merged with our predecessors in 1996. Mr. Sokolov joined its predecessor, The Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation, in 1982 as Vice President and General Counsel and was named Senior Vice President, Development and General Counsel in 1986. Richard S. Sokolov Vice Chairman Director Since: 1996 Age: 76 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Sokolov is a past Chairman of the International Council of Shopping Centers ( ICSC ) and previously served as a trustee and a member of the ICSC Nominating Committee. Mr. Sokolov previously served as a director of Washington Prime Group. Mr. Sokolov has been a member of The Pennsylvania State University Board of Trustees since 2022 and Vice Chairman of that Board since November 2024. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS None EDUCATION The Pennsylvania State University, B.A. Georgetown University Law Center, J.D. 38 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Ownership of Equity Securities of the Company Directors and Executive Officers As of March 16, 2026, the existing directors and executive officers identified below: Owned beneficially the indicated number and percentage of common shares and Class B common stock, treated as a single class; and Owned beneficially the indicated number and percentage of units which are exchangeable for common shares on a one-for-one basis or cash, as determined by the Company. The number of units includes earned and fully vested performance-based LTIP units which are convertible at the option of the holder into units on a one-for-one basis. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, shares or units are owned directly and the indicated person has sole voting and investment power. SHARES AND UNITS UNITS BENEFICIALLY BENEFICIALLY OWNED OWNED NAME NUMBER (1)(2)(3) PERCENT (4) NUMBER PERCENT (5) David Simon (6) 29,159,801 8.29 % 26,941,191 7.07 % Glyn F. Aeppel 19,481 * Martin J. Cicco 299 * Larry C. Glasscock 43,899 * Nina P. Jones 3,031 * Reuben S. Leibowitz (7) 56,139 * Randall J. Lewis 5,827 * Gary M. Rodkin 19,455 * Peggy Fang Roe 6,804 * Stefan M. Selig 32,277 * Eli Simon (8) 29,159,801 8.29 % 26,941,191 7.07 % Daniel C. Smith, Ph.D. 32,680 * Richard S. Sokolov 772,838 * 493,984 * Marta R. Stewart 16,500 * Steven E. Fivel (9) 159,202 * 116,785 * Brian J. McDade 89,730 * 42,169 * John Rulli 275,317 * 234,670 * All Directors and executive officers as a group (21 people) (10) 30,779,325 8.73 % 27,845,256 7.31 % * Less than one percent 1. Includes the following common shares that may be issued upon exchange of units (including vested LTIP units) held by the following persons on March 16, 2026: David Simon, Eli Simon and other members of the MSA Group (as described in footnote 4 of the Principal Shareholders table on page 41 ) 26,941,191; Richard S. Sokolov 493,984; John Rulli 234,670; Steven E. Fivel 116,785; Brian J. McDade 42,169; and all directors and executive officers as a group 27,845,256. Units are exchangeable either for common shares on a one-for-one basis or for cash as determined by the Company. 2. Includes the following restricted shares which are subject to vesting requirements: Glyn F. Aeppel 1,192; Martin J. Cicco 299; Larry C. Glasscock 1,351; Nina P. Jones 1,161; Reuben S. Leibowitz 1,272; Randall J. Lewis 1,161; Gary M. Rodkin 1,145; Peggy Fang Roe 1,145; Stefan M. Selig 1,208; Eli Simon 38,348; Daniel C. Smith, Ph.D. 1,161; Richard S. Sokolov 15,788; Marta R. Stewart 1,224; Steven E. Fivel 3,747; Brian J. McDade 3,747; John Rulli 3,747; and all directors and executive officers as a group 105,741. Includes shares acquired through the reinvestment of dividends on common shares held in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan. 3. As of December 31, 2025, the following restricted shares were held by the independent directors: Glyn F. Aeppel 14,051; Larry C. Glasscock 20,762; Nina P. Jones 2,834; Reuben S. Leibowitz 25,093; Randall J. Lewis 4,258; Gary M. Rodkin 14,566; Peggy Fang Roe 5,945; Stefan M. Selig 13,405; Daniel C. Smith, Ph.D. 19,717; and Marta R. Stewart 12,868. These amounts do not include shares acquired from the reinvestment of dividends which are required to be reinvested in additional shares of common stock which also must be held in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan and do not include any other shares owned by the independent directors. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors 4. As of March 16, 2026, there were 324,840,186 shares of common stock and 8,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. Upon the occurrence of certain events, shares of Class B common stock convert automatically into common shares (on a one-for-one basis). These percentages assume the exchange of units for common shares only by the applicable beneficial owner. 5. As of March 16, 2026, the Operating Partnership had 380,912,144 units outstanding, of which we owned, directly or indirectly, 324,848,186 or 85.3%. These percentages assume that no units held by limited partners are exchanged for common shares. The number of units shown does not include any unvested LTIP units and any unvested restricted stock units ( RSUs ) awarded under a long term incentive performance program as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section that begins on page 46 of this Proxy Statement, because the unvested LTIP units are subject to performance and/or time-based vesting requirements and the unvested RSUs are subject to time-based vesting requirements. 6. Includes common shares, shares of Class B common stock and units beneficially owned by the MSA Group. See Principal Shareholders table on page 41 . Mr. David Simon passed away on March 22, 2026. 7. Includes 2,500 shares of common stock held by Mr. Leibowitz s wife. Does not include 13,000 shares of common stock held by charitable foundations of which Mr. Leibowitz is an officer or trustee and 1,400 shares of common stock held by various trusts of which Mr. Leibowitz s wife is the trustee. Mr. Leibowitz disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares. 8. Includes common shares, shares of Class B common stock and units beneficially owned by the MSA Group. See Principal Shareholders table on page 41 . 9. Includes 383 shares of common stock held by Mr. Fivel s wife. 10. Does not include 4,172,426 units beneficially owned by or for the benefit of Simon family members as to which members of the MSA Group do not have voting or dispositive power. 40 2026 Proxy Statement SIMON PROPERTY GROUP Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Principal Shareholders The following table sets forth certain information concerning each person (including any group) known to us to beneficially own more than five percent (5%) of any class of our voting securities as of March 16, 2026. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes, shares are owned directly and the indicated person has sole voting and investment power. SHARES (1) NUMBER OF NAME AND ADDRESS SHARES % The Vanguard Group (2) 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern, PA 19355 0.00 % BlackRock, Inc. (3) 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 33,961,562 10.45 % Melvin Simon Associates, Inc., et al. (4) 225 West Washington Street Indianapolis, IN 46204 29,159,801 (5) 8.29 % (6) State Street Corporation and Subsidiaries (7) State Street Financial Center 1 Congress Street, Suite 1 Boston, MA 02114 22,791,960 7.02 % 1. Voting shares include shares of common stock and Class B common stock. Upon the occurrence of certain events, Class B common stock converts automatically into shares of our common stock (on a one-for-one basis). The amounts in the table also include shares of common stock that may be issued upon the exchange of units of limited partnership interest, or units, of the Operating Partnership, that are exchangeable either for shares of common stock (on a one-for-one basis) or for cash, as determined by the Company. 2. Based solely on information provided by The Vanguard Group in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March 27, 2026, The Vanguard Group reported beneficial ownership of 0 shares of common stock (0%) as of March 13, 2026. According to the filing, the reduction in reported beneficial ownership reflects an internal realignment of certain subsidiaries or business divisions of subsidiaries of The Vanguard Group, Inc., that formerly had, or were deemed to have, beneficial ownership with The Vanguard Group, Inc., which will report beneficial ownership separately (on a disaggregated basis) from The Vanguard Group, Inc. In a Schedule 13G/A previously filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, The Vanguard Group reported beneficial ownership of 45,707,505 shares of common stock and reported the sole power to vote 0 shares of common stock and dispose of 44,054,371 shares of common stock and shared power to vote 685,918 shares of common stock and dispose of 1,653,134 shares of common stock. 3. Based solely on information provided by BlackRock, Inc. in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2025. BlackRock, Inc. has the sole power to vote 31,423,365 shares of common stock and the sole power to dispose of 33,961,562 shares of common stock. 4. Based on information provided by the MSA Group as of March 16, 2026, consisting of MSA, Mr. David Simon, Mr. Eli Simon, Mr. Herbert Simon, a voting trust and other entities and trusts controlled by or for the benefit of MSA, Mr. David Simon, Mr. Eli Simon or Mr. Herbert Simon, as the case may be, including information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on May 14, 2025: MSA has sole power to vote and dispose of 11,634,169 shares of common stock and shared power to vote and dispose of 889,747 shares of common stock; Mr. Herbert Simon has sole power to vote and dispose of 5,615,001 shares of common stock and shared power to vote and dispose of 889,747 shares of common stock; Mr. David Simon, an executive officer and director has sole power to vote 10,766,136 shares of common stock, the sole power to dispose of 3,847,869 shares of common stock, shared power to vote 959,344 shares of common stock and shared power to dispose of 7,877,611 shares of common stock. Mr. Eli Simon, an executive officer and director, has sole power to vote and dispose of 69,236 shares of common stock and shared power to vote and dispose of 8,373 shares of common stock. A total of 890,120 shares of common stock included in the amount reported for the MSA Group and 8,000 shares of Class B common stock are subject to voting trusts as to which Mr. David Simon, Mr. Eli Simon or Mr. Herbert Simon, as applicable, are the voting trustees. MSA is owned 30.94% by trusts for the benefit of Mr. Herbert Simon, 3.04% by a trust for the benefit of Mr. David Simon, and by certain other shareholders. Mr. David Simon passed away on March 22, 2026. 5. Includes 2,210,610 shares of common stock currently outstanding; 26,941,191 shares of common stock issuable upon exchange of units; and 8,000 shares of Class B common stock. Does not include 4,172,426 units that are held by or for the benefit of Simon family members as to which MSA, Mr. David Simon or Mr. Herbert Simon do not have voting or dispositive power. 6. Assumes the exchange of units by the subject holder only. 7. Based solely on information provided by State Street Corporation in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 29, 2024. State Street Corporation has shared power to vote 13,759,449 shares of common stock and shared power to dispose of 22,737,002 shares of common stock. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP 2026 Proxy Statement 41 Table of Contents Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers Our Compensation Philosophy: Aligning Executive Pay with Long-Term Shareholder Value Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain, motivate and incentivize our officers and employees to enhance long-term value to our key stakeholders. We believe our emphasis on pay-for-performance and on corporate governance creates alignment between the interests of our named executive officers ( NEOs ) and the interests of all of the Company s stakeholders, including its shareholders. We are asking for shareholder approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of the compensation of our NEOs for 2025, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, commonly known as a Say-on-Pay vote. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our NEOs and the compensation policies and practices described in this Proxy Statement. 2025 Say-on-Pay Results: We Listened At the 2025 Annual Meeting on May 14, 2025, our advisory vote on executive compensation recei