=== FTNT_2025-04-25.htm.gz ===
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ________________ SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION ________________ PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (AMENDMENT NO. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a -6 (e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a -12 FORTINET, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) _______________________________________________________________ (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a -6 (i)(1) and 0 -11 . Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Dear Fortinet Stockholder: Notice is hereby given that the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ) of Fortinet, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Fortinet, we, us or our ), will be held on Friday, June 13, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time, in a virtual -only format, for the following purposes: 1. To elect the nine directors listed in the accompanying proxy statement to serve for a one -year term expiring at Fortinet s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified. 2. To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as Fortinet s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. 3. An advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation. 4. To vote on a stockholder proposal, if properly presented before the meeting. 5. To transact such other business proposals, if properly presented before the meeting. We believe that a virtual stockholder meeting allows better access to those who may want to attend by providing for greater stockholder attendance and participation from any location around the world, and therefore we have chosen this over an in -person meeting. This approach also lowers costs and aligns with our broader sustainability goals. The preceding items of business are more fully described in the proxy statement accompanying this notice. Any action on the items of business described above may be considered at the 2025 Annual Meeting at the time and on the date specified above or at any time and date to which the 2025 Annual Meeting may be properly adjourned or postponed. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on April 21, 2025 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the 2025 Annual Meeting. We have elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the internet. Accordingly, stockholders of record at the close of business on April 21, 2025 will receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and may vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting and any meetings pursuant to postponements or adjournments of the 2025 Annual Meeting. We expect to mail the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials on or about May 1, 2025. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read the proxy statement and vote as instructed in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or vote on the internet or by telephone as soon as possible. Alternatively, you may follow the procedures outlined in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to request a paper copy of the proxy materials, which include a proxy card to submit your vote by mail. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled Questions and Answers About the 2025 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters and the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Thank you for your ongoing support of Fortinet. By Order of the Board of Directors, Ken Xie Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Sunnyvale, California April 25, 2025 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROXY SUMMARY 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE 2025 ANNUAL MEETING AND PROCEDURAL MATTERS 5 Why am I receiving these materials? 5 Why did I receive a one-page notice in the mail regarding the internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? 5 How can I get electronic access to the proxy materials? 5 Can I attend the 2025 Annual Meeting? 6 How can I ask questions at the 2025 Annual Meeting? 6 Who is entitled to vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting? 6 What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record or as a beneficial owner? 6 How can I vote my shares without attending the 2025 Annual Meeting? 7 How many shares must be present or represented to conduct business at the 2025 Annual Meeting? 8 What proposals will be voted on at the 2025 Annual Meeting? 8 What is the voting requirement to approve each of the proposals? 8 How are votes counted? 8 How does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote? 9 What happens if additional matters are presented at the 2025 Annual Meeting? 9 Can I change my vote? 9 What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials? 9 Is my vote confidential? 9 Who will serve as inspector of election? 9 Where can I find the voting results of the 2025 Annual Meeting? 9 Who will bear the cost of soliciting votes for the 2025 Annual Meeting? 10 What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as directors? 10 How may I obtain a separate set of proxy materials or the 2024 Annual Report? 11 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 12 General 12 Nominees 12 Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Director Nominees 13 Director Expertise and Experience 18 Director Tenure and Age Distribution 19 Board Evaluations 19 PROPOSAL TWO RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 20 General 20 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 20 Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 20 PROPOSAL THREE ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 21 PROPOSAL FOUR STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL 22 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 26 i Table of Contents Page CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 28 Corporate Governance Guidelines 28 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 28 Human Capital Management 28 Majority Voting Standard for Director Elections and Director Resignation Policy 28 Director Independence 29 Board Meetings and Committees 29 Human Resources Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 31 Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy 32 Board Leadership Structure 32 Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 33 Cybersecurity Risk Oversight 34 Management Succession Planning 36 Oversight of Corporate Strategy 36 Process for Recommending Candidates for Election to the Board of Directors 36 Proxy Access 37 Attendance at Annual Meetings of Stockholders by the Board of Directors 37 Contacting the Board of Directors 37 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 38 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 39 2024 Summary Compensation Table 50 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 Table 51 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Fiscal Year-End Table 52 2024 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 53 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 53 Pay Versus Performance 56 CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure 61 Compensation of Directors 62 Equity Compensation Plan Information 64 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 65 Related-Person Transactions 65 Review of Related-Person Transactions 65 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 66 OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES 67 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 69 OTHER MATTERS 70 Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement includes forward -looking statements. These statements are not historical facts and are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about our industry, management s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward -looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. For a discussion of some of the risks and important factors that could affect our future results and financial condition, see Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2024. ii Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT FOR 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting (this Proxy Statement ). This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. References to our website in this Proxy Statement are not intended to function as hyperlinks and the information contained on our website is not intended to be incorporated into this Proxy Statement. In this Proxy Statement, we refer to Fortinet, Inc. as Fortinet, we, us or our. Financial and Business Highlights The list below highlights our financial highlights for 2024. Total revenue was $5.96 billion for 2024, an increase of 12% compared to $5.30 billion in 2023. Service revenue was $4.05 billion for 2024, an increase of 20% compared to $3.38 billion in 2023. Total gross profit was $4.80 billion in 2024, an increase of 18% compared to $4.07 billion in 2023. Operating income was $1.80 billion in 2024, an increase of 45% compared to $1.24 billion in 2023. Cash flows from operating activities were $2.26 billion in 2024, an increase of $322.6 million, or 17%, compared to 2023. CORPORATE Social RESPONSIBILITY Highlights We are committed to corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) practices. The list below includes some of our CSR highlights for 2024, as well as ongoing highlights, as discussed further in this Proxy Statement. We are named in the 2024 Dow Jones Best -in-Class World and North America Indices for the third consecutive year and increased our CDP score to a B. On the product side, we have continued to be a leader in energy efficiency with the launch of our SP5 ASIC and our FortiGate -90G model. The new models launched in 2024 consume on average 61% less power than the previous generation of equivalent models. We minimize packaging waste by using reusable, recyclable, and eco -friendly materials including 22 FSC -certified models and prioritize plastic -free packaging for over 86 top -selling models. Since 2022, we have trained over 630,000 individuals, representing 63% of our goal to train 1,000,000 people in cybersecurity by 2026. Our Information Security Management System undergoes continuous enhancement in alignment with internationally recognized standards. In 2024, Fortinet renewed 81 cybersecurity certifications and obtained 14 new certifications. We are engaged on a decarbonization path to meet our near -term carbon reduction targets by 2030 validated by the Science -Based Target Initiative ( SBTi ). In 2024, over 65% of our owned and occupied sites used renewable electricity. We formed our Governance and Social Responsibility Committee ( Governance Committee ), which combined our Governance Committee with our prior Social Responsibility Committee. 1 Table of Contents BOARD HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to good corporate governance, which strengthens the accountability of the Board of Directors and promotes the long -term interests of our stockholders. The list below highlights our independent board and leadership practices, as discussed further in this Proxy Statement. A majority of our directors are independent (eight out of ten current directors). Our Lead Independent Director is elected annually, to serve and function separately from the Chairman of the Board of Directors. In 2024, our directors elected a new Lead Independent Director, Judith Sim, who has been re -elected again in 2025. All committees of the Board of Directors are composed of independent directors, with the exception of the Cybersecurity Committee. The Governance and Social Responsibility Committee oversees our CSR strategy, initiatives and practices. The Board of Directors focuses on broad risk oversight practices, including CSR, cybersecurity, data privacy, legal and regulatory matters, and other critical evolving areas. The Board of Directors regularly reviews our governance practices. Over the years, on its own initiative, the Board of Directors has made adjustments to our corporate governance practices as we have matured as a public company, such as changing from a Board of Directors with three -year staggered terms for each director, to one -year terms. In 2023, following the recommendation of the Board of Directors, our stockholders approved, and we adopted, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws to remove the supermajority voting requirements. Independent directors conduct regular executive sessions. Our directors maintain open communication and strong working relationships among themselves and have regular access to management. The Board of Directors conducts a robust annual Board of Directors and committee self -assessment process. The Board of Directors has related -party transaction standards for any direct or indirect involvement of a director in our business activities. Our non -employee directors are required to hold shares of our common stock pursuant to our Stock Ownership Guidelines for our non -employee directors. In 2024, we created a new committee, the Cybersecurity Committee, to provide oversight of all aspects of our cybersecurity. STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT The Board of Directors and our executive management team are committed to actively engaging with our stockholders and maintaining a regular dialogue with our stockholders. We meet with current stockholders and prospective stockholders through meetings at our headquarters, investor conferences, roadshows and via videoconferences. These meetings allow stockholders the opportunity to provide feedback on our financial performance, corporate governance, executive compensation, environmental and sustainability matters and corporate responsibility initiatives. Members of the Board of Directors and our executive management and investor relations teams participate in meetings with stockholders. In 2024, we engaged in discussions with approximately 140 stockholders representing approximately 33% of the shares of common stock held by our institutional investors. 2 Table of Contents One key theme from our engagement with stockholders was sustainability, with stockholders being pleased with our progress on sustainability initiatives and encouraged us to further enhance our disclosures. In response to stockholder feedback that we continue to prioritize our environmental responsibility and monitor and measure our impacts to society, we accomplished several key projects in 2024: We improved the power efficiency of our FortiGate appliances as the new models launched in 2024 consume on average 61% less power than the previous generation of equivalent models. We continue to work to reduce waste across our operations. We minimize packaging waste by using reusable, recyclable, and eco -friendly materials. In 2024, we introduced 22 FSC -certified packaging models made from renewable materials like corrugate paper. We prioritize plastic -free packaging. In 2024, 86 top -selling models featured eco -friendly packaging, avoiding 387.5 metric tons of CO2e emissions and 77.5 metric tons of plastics. We established a decarbonization plan, defining a clear path to reduce our Greenhouse Gas ( GHG ) emissions through targeted strategies across our value chain. Our focus areas include reducing GHG emissions across our operations to meet our validated near -term carbon target established by the SBTi. We also received validation of our near -term climate targets across all three scopes from the SBTi. PROPOSAL ONE BOARD S RECOMMENDATION: FOR each of the nominees ELECTION OF DIRECTORS We are asking our stockholders to elect nine directors for a one -year term expiring at Fortinet s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ) and until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. The table below sets forth information with respect to our nine nominees standing for election. All of the nominees are currently serving as directors. Additional information about our director nominees and their respective qualifications can be found under the section titled Proposal One Election of Directors Nominees to the Board of Directors. The following table includes Ms. Wilderotter, who has decided not to stand for re -election at the 2025 Annual Meeting and whose term as a director will end at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Name Age Director Since Ken Xie 62 October 2000 Michael Xie 56 February 2001 Kenneth A. Goldman 75 October 2020 Ming Hsieh 69 April 2013 Jean Hu 61 October 2019 Janet Napolitano 67 November 2024 William H. Neukom 83 January 2013 Judith Sim 56 June 2015 Admiral James Stavridis (Ret) 70 October 2021 Mary Agnes Maggie Wilderotter 70 April 2024 3 Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO BOARD S RECOMMENDATION: FOR Proposal Two RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We are asking our stockholders to ratify the audit committee s appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025. Information regarding fees paid to Deloitte Touche LLP during 2024 and 2023 can be found under the section titled Proposal Two Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. PROPOSAL THREE BOARD S RECOMMENDATION: FOR Proposal Three ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION We are asking our stockholders to approve, on an advisory and non -binding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) in the Executive Compensation section of this Proxy Statement. Information regarding compensation of our named executive officers can be found under the section titled Proposal Three Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation PROPOSAL FOUR BOARD S RECOMMENDATION: AGAINST STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL We are asking our stockholders to vote against stockholder proposal to amend governing documents to require that two separate individuals hold the office of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the office of the Chief Executive Officer. Information regarding this stockholder proposal can be found under the section titled Proposal Four Stockholder Proposal 4 Table of Contents FORTINET, INC. 909 Kifer Road Sunnyvale, California 94086 ____________________________ PROXY STATEMENT FOR 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE 2025 ANNUAL MEETING AND PROCEDURAL MATTERS Q: Why am I receiving these materials? A: The Board of Directors is providing these proxy materials to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies for use at Fortinet s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ), to be held on Friday, June 13, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purpose of considering and acting upon the matters set forth in this Proxy Statement. We expect to mail the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) on or about May 1, 2025. Copies of our proxy materials and 2024 Annual Report are available at www.edocumentview.com/FTNT . Our 2024 Annual Report may also be obtained by accessing Fortinet s filings on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The 2025 Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual -only format. We believe that hosting a virtual meeting will allow for greater stockholder attendance and participation from any location around the world. The virtual -only approach also lowers costs and aligns with our broader sustainability goals. You will not be able to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting in person. Q: Why did I receive a one -page notice in the mail regarding the internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? A: Pursuant to rules adopted by the SEC, we have elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the internet. Accordingly, we are sending the Notice to our stockholders of record and beneficial owners. All stockholders will have the ability to access the proxy materials on the website referred to in the Notice or request a printed set of the proxy materials. Instructions on how to access the proxy materials over the internet or to request a printed copy may be found in the Notice. In addition, stockholders may request to receive proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by email on an ongoing basis. Q: How can I get electronic access to the proxy materials? A: The Notice will provide you with instructions regarding how to: View our proxy materials for the 2025 Annual Meeting on the internet; and Have future proxy materials sent to you electronically by email. Choosing to receive future proxy materials by email will save us the cost of printing and mailing documents to you and will reduce the impact of our annual meetings on the environment. If you choose to receive future proxy materials by email, you will receive an email next year with instructions containing a link to those materials and a link to the proxy voting site. 5 Table of Contents Q: Can I attend the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: If you were a stockholder of record at the close of business on April 21, 2025 (the Record Date ) (i.e., your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. ( Computershare )) or if you are a proxy holder for such a stockholder, you may participate in the 2025 Annual Meeting by following the instructions below: Beginning at 9:45 a.m. Pacific Time on June 13, 2025, please visit meetnow.global/MPFVQ6L. Enter the 15 -digit control number on the Proxy Card or Notice of Availability of Proxy Materials you receive. If you held your shares through an intermediary on the Record Date (i.e., you hold your shares in street name through an intermediary, such as a bank or broker), you must register in advance to virtually attend the 2025 Annual Meeting by following the instructions below: You must obtain a legal proxy, executed in your favor, from the holder of record reflecting the number of shares of common stock you held as of the Record Date, along with your name and email address. Submit proof of your legal proxy by forwarding the email from your broker, or attaching an image of your legal proxy, to legalproxy@computershare.com. Requests for registration must be labeled as Legal Proxy and be received no later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on June 10, 2025. You will then receive a confirmation of your registration, with a control number, by email from Computershare. At the time of the 2025 Annual Meeting, go to meetnow.global/MPFVQ6L and enter your control number. If we experience technical difficulties during the meeting (e.g., a temporary or prolonged power outage), we will determine whether the meeting can be promptly reconvened (if the technical difficulty is temporary) or whether the meeting will need to be reconvened on a later day (if the technical difficulty is more prolonged). In any situation, we will promptly notify stockholders of the decision via meetnow.global/MPFVQ6L . The virtual meeting platform is fully supported across most browsers (including Edge, Firefox, Chrome and Safari) and devices (including desktops, laptops, tablets and cell phones) running the most up -to-date version of applicable software and plugins. Internet Explorer is not a supported browser. Participants should ensure that they have a strong internet connection wherever they intend to participate in the meeting. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time. For further assistance should you need it you may call Computershare toll free at (888) 724 -2416 . Q: How can I ask questions at the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: You will be able to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting online and submit your questions during the meeting by visiting meetnow.global/MPFVQ6L . For technical support, please call Computershare toll free at (888) 724 -2416 . Q: Who is entitled to vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: You may vote your shares of Fortinet common stock if our records show that you owned your shares at the close of business on the Record Date. At the close of business on the Record Date, there were 764,712,591 shares of Fortinet common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting. You may cast one vote for each share of common stock held by you as of the Record Date on all matters presented. Q: What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record or as a beneficial owner? A: With respect to your shares that are registered directly in your name with Fortinet s transfer agent, Computershare, you are considered the stockholder of record and the Notice has been sent directly to you by Fortinet. As the stockholder of record, you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to Fortinet or to a third party, or to vote in person at the 2025 Annual Meeting. 6 Table of Contents With respect to your shares that are held by a brokerage account or by another nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name and the Notice is being forwarded to you together with voting instructions on behalf of your broker, trustee or nominee. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, trustee or nominee how to vote, and you are also invited to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting. Your broker, trustee or nominee has enclosed or provided voting instructions for you to use in directing the broker, trustee or nominee how to vote your shares. Because a beneficial owner is not the stockholder of record, you may not vote these shares in person at the 2025 Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from the broker, trustee or nominee that holds your shares, giving you the right to vote the shares at the 2025 Annual Meeting. If you hold your shares through a broker and do not provide your broker with specific voting instructions, under the rules that govern brokers in such circumstances, your broker will have the discretion to vote such shares on routine matters but not on non -routine matters. Even though we are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ), the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ) govern how a broker licensed by the NYSE can vote shares it holds on behalf of stockholders of Nasdaq -listed companies. As a result: Your broker will not have the authority to exercise discretion to vote your shares with respect to the election of directors ( Proposal One ), the advisory vote on named executive officer compensation ( Proposal Three ) or the stockholder proposal ( Proposal Four ). Your broker will have the authority to exercise discretion to vote your shares with respect to the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025 ( Proposal Two ), because that matter is treated as routine under NYSE rules. Because the proposals to be acted upon at the 2025 Annual Meeting include both routine and non -routine matters, if you do not give voting instructions to your broker, trustee or nominee, your broker, trustee or nominee may either (i) vote your shares on routine matters or (ii) leave your shares unvoted. A broker non -vote occurs when your broker, trustee or nominee does not vote on a particular proposal because the broker, trustee or nominee does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that item and has not received voting instructions from you as the beneficial owner. Q: How can I vote my shares without attending the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: You are encouraged to vote your shares in advance of the 2025 Annual Meeting. If voting in advance of the 2025 Annual Meeting, the steps required to cast your votes are the same as indicated in the materials received with this Proxy Statement. If you have not already voted your shares in advance, you will be able to vote your shares electronically during the 2025 Annual Meeting by clicking on the Cast Your Vote link on the Meeting Center site. Whether you hold shares directly as the stockholder of record or beneficially in street name, you may direct how your shares are voted without attending the 2025 Annual Meeting. There are three ways to vote by proxy: By mail If you are a stockholder of record, you may vote by submitting a proxy card; please refer to the voting instructions in the Notice or below. If you hold shares beneficially in street name, you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your broker, trustee or nominee; please refer to the voting instructions provided to you by your broker, trustee or nominee. By internet Stockholders of record of Fortinet common stock with internet access may submit proxies by following the Vote by Internet instructions described in the Notice until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on Thursday, June 12, 2025 or by following the instructions at www.investorvote.com/FTNT. Most Fortinet stockholders who hold shares beneficially in street name may vote by accessing the website specified in the voting instructions provided by their brokers, trustees or nominees. Please check the voting instructions for internet voting availability. 7 Table of Contents By telephone Depending on how your shares are held, you may be able to vote by telephone. If this option is available to you, you will have received information with the Notice or the voting instruction card provided by your broker, trustee or nominee explaining this procedure. Q : How many shares must be present or represented to conduct business at the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: The presence of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Such stockholders are counted as present at the meeting if they (i) are present in person at the 2025 Annual Meeting or, (ii) represented by proxy. Under Delaware law, abstentions and broker non -votes are counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the 2025 Annual Meeting. However, as discussed above, under What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record or as a beneficial owner? brokers have limited discretionary authority to vote shares that are beneficially owned and, therefore, are not entitled to vote on non -routine matters in the absence of voting instructions from the beneficial owner of such shares. Q: What proposals will be voted on at the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: The proposals scheduled to be voted on at the 2025 Annual Meeting are: Proposal One: The election of the nine directors set forth in Proposal One to serve for a one -year term expiring at the 2026 Annual Meeting and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified; Proposal Two: The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025; Proposal Three: An advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation; and Proposal Four: A stockholder proposal, if properly presented before the meeting. Q: What is the voting requirement to approve each of the proposals? A: We have a majority voting standard for uncontested elections of directors (Proposal One), which means that to be elected, a director nominee must receive a majority of the votes cast, i.e. the number of shares voted FOR a director nominee must exceed the votes cast AGAINST that nominee. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of our common stock that are present in person or represented by proxy at the 2025 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote is required to ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal Two), to approve the advisory resolution on named executive compensation (Proposal Three) and to approve the stockholder proposal (Proposal Four). Q: How are votes counted? A: You may vote FOR or AGAINST each of the nominees for election as director in Proposal One and on each of Proposal Two, Proposal Three and Proposal Four. You may also ABSTAIN from voting. Abstentions are deemed to be shares present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote. Abstentions have no effect on Proposal One and the same effect as a vote against Proposals Two, Three and Four. Brokers have discretionary authority to vote shares that are beneficially owned on Proposal Two. If a broker chooses not to vote shares for or against Proposal Two, it would have the same effect as an abstention. Broker non -votes are not deemed to be shares entitled to vote on and will have no effect on Proposals One, Three and Four. All shares entitled to vote and represented by properly submitted proxies received prior to the 2025 Annual Meeting (and not revoked) will be voted at the 2025 Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated by such proxy. If no instructions are indicated on such proxy, the shares represented by that proxy will be voted as recommended by the Board of Directors. 8 Table of Contents Q: How does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote? A: The Board of Directors recommends that you vote your shares: FOR each of the nine nominees for election as directors; FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025; FOR the advisory resolution to approve named executive officer compensation; and AGAINST the stockholder proposal. Q: What happens if additional matters are presented at the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: If any other matters are properly presented for consideration at the 2025 Annual Meeting, including, among other things, consideration of a motion to adjourn the 2025 Annual Meeting to another time or place (including, without limitation, for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies), the persons named as proxy holders, Ken Xie and Will Cooper, or either of them, will have discretion to vote on those matters in accordance with their best judgment. Fortinet does not currently anticipate that any other matters will be raised at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Q: Can I change my vote? A: Subject to any rules your broker, trustee or nominee may have, you may change your proxy instructions at any time before your proxy is voted at the 2025 Annual Meeting. If you are the stockholder of record, you may change your vote: (i) by granting a new proxy bearing a later date (which automatically revokes the earlier proxy) using any of the methods described above (and until the applicable deadline for each method); (ii) by providing a written notice of revocation to Fortinet s Corporate Secretary at Fortinet, Inc., 909 Kifer Road, Sunnyvale, California 94086 prior to your shares being voted; or (iii) by attending the 2025 Annual Meeting and voting virtually. Attending the meeting will not cause your previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you specifically so request. If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name, you may change your vote (a) by submitting new voting instructions to your broker, trustee or nominee or (b) if you have obtained a legal proxy from the broker, trustee or nominee that holds your shares giving you the right to vote your shares, by attending the 2025 Annual Meeting and voting virtually. Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials? A: If you received more than one Notice, voting instruction card or set of proxy materials, your shares are registered in more than one name or brokerage account. Please follow the instructions on each Notice or voting instruction card that you receive to ensure that all of your shares are voted. Q: Is my vote confidential? A: Proxy instructions, ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual stockholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not be disclosed either within Fortinet or to third parties, except: (i) as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements; (ii) to allow for the tabulation of votes and certification of the vote; and (iii) to facilitate a successful proxy solicitation. Occasionally, stockholders provide written comments on their proxy cards, which may be forwarded to Fortinet management. Q: Who will serve as inspector of election? A: The inspector of election will be a representative of Computershare. Q: Where can I find the voting results of the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: We will announce preliminary voting results at the 2025 Annual Meeting. We will disclose final voting results in a Current Report on a Form 8 -K filed with the SEC within four business days after the 2025 Annual Meeting. 9 Table of Contents Q: Who will bear the cost of soliciting votes for the 2025 Annual Meeting? A: Fortinet will pay the entire cost of preparing, assembling, printing, mailing and distributing these proxy materials and soliciting votes. We may reimburse brokerage firms, custodians, nominees, fiduciaries and other persons representing beneficial owners for their reasonable expenses in forwarding solicitation material to such beneficial owners. Our directors, officers and employees may also solicit proxies in person or by other means of communication. Such directors, officers and employees will not be additionally compensated but may be reimbursed for reasonable out -of-pocket expenses in connection with such solicitation. Q: What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as directors? A: You may submit proposals, including nominations of director candidates, for consideration at future stockholder meetings. For inclusion in Fortinet s proxy materials Stockholders may present proper proposals for inclusion in Fortinet s proxy statement and for consideration at the next annual meeting of stockholders by submitting their proposals in writing to Fortinet s Corporate Secretary in a timely manner. In order to be included in the proxy statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting, stockholder proposals must be received by Fortinet s Corporate Secretary no later than December 26, 2025, and must otherwise comply with the requirements of Rule 14a -8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). To be brought before the annual meeting In addition, Fortinet s Amended and Restated Bylaws (our Bylaws ) establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders who wish to present certain matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. In general, nominations for the election of directors may be made (i) pursuant to our notice of meeting of stockholders, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof or (iii) by a stockholder who has delivered written notice to Fortinet s Secretary within the Notice Period (as defined below) and complied with the other procedural requirements sets forth in our Bylaws and who was a stockholder of record at the time of such notice, as of the record date and at the time of the annual meeting. The notice must contain specified information about the nominees and about the stockholder proposing such nominations. Our Bylaws also provide that the only business that may be conducted at an annual meeting is business that is (a) properly brought before the meeting pursuant to Fortinet s proxy materials with respect to such meeting, (b) properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (c) properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who has delivered written notice to Fortinet s Corporate Secretary at its principal executive offices within the Notice Period and who was a stockholder at the time of such notice and as of the record date. The notice must contain specified information about the matters to be brought before such meeting and about the stockholder proposing such matters. The Notice Period is defined as that period not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the one -year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. As a result, the Notice Period for the 2026 Annual Meeting will start on February 13, 2026 and end on March 15, 2026. If a stockholder who has notified Fortinet of such stockholder s intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting does not appear to present such stockholder s proposal at such meeting, Fortinet need not present the proposal for vote at such meeting. A copy of the full text of the bylaw provisions discussed above may be obtained by writing to Fortinet s Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices or by accessing Fortinet s filings on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . All notices of proposals by stockholders, whether or not included in Fortinet s proxy materials, should be sent to Fortinet s Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices. 10 Table of Contents Q: How may I obtain a separate set of proxy materials or the 2024 Annual Report? A: If you share an address with another stockholder, each stockholder may not receive a separate copy of our proxy materials and 2024 Annual Report. Stockholders who do not receive a separate copy of our proxy materials and 2024 Annual Report and want to receive a separate copy may request to receive a separate copy of, or stockholders may request additional copies of, our proxy materials and 2024 Annual Report by calling (408) 235 -7700 or by writing to Fortinet, Inc., 909 Kifer Road, Sunnyvale, California 94086, Attention: Investor Relations. Our 2024 Annual Report may also be obtained by accessing Fortinet s filings on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Stockholders who share an address and receive multiple copies of our proxy materials and 2024 Annual Report can also request to receive a single copy by following the instructions above. 11 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS General The Board of Directors currently consists of ten members, and our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Restated Certificate ) provides that the entire Board of Directors will stand for election annually for one -year terms, which will be nine directors this year following the 2025 Annual Meeting. Each director holds office until that director s successor is duly elected and qualified. Our Bylaws permit the Board of Directors to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors, and nine directors are currently authorized. Nominees Nine candidates will stand for election as directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting, each for a one -year term expiring at the 2026 Annual Meeting. The nine director candidates are: Ken Xie, Michael Xie, Kenneth A. Goldman, Ming Hsieh, Jean Hu, Janet Napolitano, William Neukom, Judith Sim, and Admiral James Stavridis (Ret). Biographical information about each of the nominees is contained in the following section. A discussion of the qualifications, attributes and skills of each nominee that led the Board of Directors and the Governance Committee to the conclusion that such nominee should serve as a director has been added following each of the director and nominee biographies. Ms. Wilderotter has decided not to stand for re -election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. We thank Ms. Wilderotter for her distinguished service. Each nominee has agreed to serve if elected, and management has no reason to believe that any nominee will be unavailable to serve. In the event any nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director at the time of the 2025 Annual Meeting, the proxies will be voted for any nominee who may be proposed by the Governance Committee and designated by the present Board of Directors to fill the vacancy. If you sign your proxy card or voting instruction card or vote by telephone or over the internet but do not give instructions with respect to the voting of directors, your shares will be voted for the nine nominees recommended by the Board of Directors. If you wish to give specific instructions with respect to the voting of directors, you may do so by indicating your instructions on your proxy or voting instruction card or when you vote by telephone or over the internet. If you do not give voting instructions to your broker, your broker will leave your shares unvoted on this matter. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF Ken Xie, Michael Xie, Kenneth a. goldman, Jean Hu, Ming HSIEH, JANET NAPOLITANO, William Neukom, Judith Sim, and ADMIRAL JAMES STAVRIDIS (Ret). 12 Table of Contents Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Director Nominees The names of the members of the Board of Directors and our proposed director nominees, their respective ages, their positions with Fortinet (as applicable) and other biographical information as of March 31, 2025, are set forth below. Messrs. Ken Xie and Michael Xie are brothers. There are no other family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Name Age Position Ken Xie 62 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director Nominee Michael Xie (4) 56 President, Chief Technology Officer, Director and Director Nominee Kenneth A. Goldman (1)(2) ** 75 Director and Director Nominee Ming Hsieh (1)(2) 69 Director and Director Nominee Jean Hu (2) 61 Director and Director Nominee Janet Napolitano (4) 67 Director and Director Nominee William H. Neukom (3)(4) *** 83 Director and Director Nominee Judith Sim (1)(3) * 56 Lead Independent Director and Director Nominee Admiral James Stavridis (Ret) (3)(4) **** 70 Director and Director Nominee Mary Agnes Maggie Wilderotter (3)&#x5E; 70 Director ________________________ (1) Member of the Human Resources Committee. (2) Member of the Audit Committee. (3) Member of the Governance and Social Responsibility Committee. (4) Member of the Cybersecurity Committee. * Chairperson of the Human Resources Committee. ** Chairperson of the Audit Committee. *** Chairperson of the Governance and Social Responsibility Committee. **** Chairperson of the Cybersecurity Committee. &#x5E; Ms. Wilderotter has decided not to stand for re -election at the 2025 Annual Meeting and her term as a director and service on the Governance and Social Responsibility Committee will end at the 2025 Annual Meeting. We thank Ms. Wilderotter for her distinguished service. Ken Xie has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since he co -founded Fortinet in October 2000. He previously served as our President until November 2013. Prior to co -founding Fortinet, Mr. Ken Xie was the Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of NetScreen Technologies, Inc., a provider of network security products, which was acquired by Juniper Networks, Inc. in April 2004. Additionally, Mr. Ken Xie was Chief Executive Officer of Systems Integration Solutions, Inc., a talent services firm that specializes in delivering technology solutions, and is a member of the National Academy of Engineering. In addition to the Board of Directors, Mr. Ken Xie has served on the board of directors of TeleNav, Inc., a wireless location -based services corporation, since July 2012. Mr. Ken Xie served on the board of directors of the Cyber Threat Alliance from 2017 to 2022. Mr. Ken Xie received a B.S. and an M.S. in electrical engineering from Tsinghua University in China and an M.S. in electrical engineering from Stanford University. Mr. Ken Xie has more than 30 years of technical and management experience in the networking and security industries, which includes his roles as a founder of Fortinet, NetScreen and SIS and as President and Chief Executive Officer of each of the foregoing companies. The Board of Directors also believes Mr. Ken Xie provides valuable perspective and experience as a co -founder of Fortinet and one of its largest stockholders. 13 Table of Contents Michael Xie has served as our President and Chief Technology Officer since November 2013 and as a member of the Board of Directors since February 2001. He previously served as our Vice President of Engineering and Chief Technology Officer after co -founding Fortinet in October 2000. Prior to co -founding Fortinet, he held positions as Vice President of Engineering for ServGate Technologies, Inc., a network security provider that was acquired by Amarium Technologies, Inc. in April 2006, Software Director and Architect for NetScreen and Senior Software Engineer for Milkyway Networks Corporation, a network security solutions provider. Mr. Michael Xie has an M.S. in electrical engineering from the University of Manitoba in Canada, as well as a B.S. and an M.S. in automobile engineering from Tsinghua University in China. Mr. Michael Xie has more than 25 years of technical and operational experience in the network security industry, which includes positions as the President and Chief Technology Officer of Fortinet, the Vice President of Engineering of ServGate and the Software Director and Architect of NetScreen. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Michael Xie s deep technical knowledge is invaluable in developing and improving Fortinet s technology and network security products. The Board of Directors also believes Mr. Michael Xie provides valuable perspective and experience as a co -founder of Fortinet and one of its largest stockholders. Kenneth A. Goldman has served as a member of the Board of Directors since October 2020. Mr. Goldman served as the President of Hillspire LLC, a family office management company from September 2017 through April 2022. From October 2012 to June 2017, Mr. Goldman served as the Chief Financial Officer of Yahoo! Inc., a provider of internet content and services. Prior to this, Mr. Goldman was our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from September 2007 to October 2012. From January 2015 to December 2017, Mr. Goldman served as a member of the PCAOB, Standing Advisory Group. Mr. Goldman has been serving as a member of the PCAOB, Investor Advisory Group since he joined in February 2024. From December 1999 to December 2003, Mr. Goldman served on the Financial Accounting Standards Board s primary advisory group. Mr. Goldman currently serves on the boards of directors of GoPro, Inc., a company that designs, develops and markets cameras, mounts, and accessories, RingCentral, Inc., a provider of cloud -based communication and collaboration products and services, and Zuora, Inc., an enterprise software company. Mr. Goldman also served on the board of directors of the Value Reporting Foundation ( VRF ), which is responsible for the financing, oversight, administration and appointment of the VRF Standard Board, from July 2018 to July 2021. In January 2025, Mr. Goldman was appointed to the board of directors of VinZymes, Inc., a biotechnology company specializing in enzyme solutions. Mr. Goldman holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Mr. Goldman has developed expertise in finance, including accounting and financial reporting, as a Chief Financial Officer of Yahoo! Inc. and in other finance roles, and has career experience managing human resources and legal functions. Mr. Goldman also has over ten years of outside board experience at the aforementioned companies and numerous other public and private companies. Ming Hsieh has served as a member of the Board of Directors since April 2013. Mr. Hsieh has served as the Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Fulgent Therapeutics Inc., a cancer drug research and development company, since September 2012. From October 2010 to June 2012, Mr. Hsieh served as the President of 3M Cogent, Inc., a provider of global biometric identification solutions, following the acquisition of Cogent, Inc. by 3M Company in 2010. Prior to the acquisition, Mr. Hsieh served as the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the board of directors of Cogent since founding Cogent in 1990. Prior to that, Mr. Hsieh was a research and development engineer at International Rectifier Corporation, a manufacturer of semiconductors, from 1985 to 1987. Mr. Hsieh received a B.S.E.E. from the University of Southern California in 1983 and an M.S.E.E. from University of Southern California in 1984. Mr. Hsieh has leadership, operational and executive experience by serving as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the board of directors of Cogent. Jean Hu has served as a member of the Board of Directors since October 2019. Since January 2023, Ms. Hu has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Advance Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company. Prior to AMD, Ms. Hu served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 14 Table of Contents of Marvell Technology Group Ltd., a semiconductor company, from August 2016 to January 2023. Ms. Hu served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Qlogic Corporation, a network server and storage networking company, from April 2011 to August 2016, and as acting Chief Executive Officer of Qlogic from May 2013 to February 2014 and from August 2015 to August 2016. From 2004 to 2011, Ms. Hu served in various senior positions at Conexant Systems, Inc., a semiconductor company, including as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Business Development from December 2008 to April 2011 and as Treasurer from June 2009 until April 2011. Ms. Hu holds a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Beijing University of Chemical Engineering and a Ph.D. in Economics from Claremont Graduate University. Ms. Hu has extensive experience in the management of technology companies from her positions at AMD, Marvell and Qlogic, and expertise in corporate financing, accounting and financial reporting. Janet Napolitano has served as a member of the Board of Directors since November 2024. Ms. Napolitano currently serves as the founder and faculty director of the Center for Security in Politics at UC Berkeley and as a professor of public policy at the Goldman School of Public Policy at UC Berkeley. She previously served as President of the University of California from September 2013 until her departure in August 2020. Prior to her time serving as the President of the University of California, she served as the U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security from 2009 to 2013, as governor of the state of Arizona from 2003 to 2009, as attorney general of Arizona from 1998 to 2003 and as U.S. attorney for the District of Arizona from 1993 to 1997. Prior to that, Ms. Napolitano was previously a partner of Lewis and Roca LLP, a law firm, from 1989 to 1993. Ms. Napolitano currently serves on the boards of directors for Vir Biotechnology, Inc., a pharmaceutical company that developed and sold drugs, and Zoom Communications, Inc., a communications technology company, and on the board of trustees at RAND Corporation, a nonprofit global policy research institute. Ms. Napolitano holds a B.S. in political science from Santa Clara University and a J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law. Ms. Napolitano holds board positions across various industries, contributing her expertise and leadership to diverse organizations. She is a distinguished public servant and a renowned leader, bringing an exceptional perspective to the Board of Directors. William H. Neukom has served as a member of the Board of Directors since January 2013 and served as our Lead Independent Director from April 2018 until April 2024. Mr. Neukom was previously the lead lawyer for Microsoft Corporation, a multinational technology corporation, for nearly 25 years, managing its legal, government affairs and philanthropic activities. He retired from Microsoft as its Executive Vice President of Law and Corporate Affairs in 2002, when he returned to Preston, Gates Ellis LLP and served as the firm s chairman from 2003 until its merger with Kirkpatrick Lockhart Nicholson Graham LLP in 2007. He is a retired partner in the Seattle office of the international law firm K L Gates LLP and is a lecturer at Stanford Law School, where he teaches a seminar on the rule of law. He is a member of the Dean s Council at Stanford Law School and was its chair from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Neukom was the Chief Executive Officer of the San Francisco Giants major league baseball team from 2008 to 2011, and served as its Chairman Emeritus during 2012. He is a trustee emeritus of Dartmouth College, having served as chair of the board from 2004 to 2007, and was President of the American Bar Association from 2007 to 2008, and was awarded the ABA Medal in 2020. Mr. Neukom is the Cofounder and President of the World Justice Project, an organization devoted to promoting the rule of law throughout the world. Mr. Neukom also serves on the board of several not -for-profit organizations and currently serves on the board of directors of the Seattle Hotel Group. Mr. Neukom earned an A.B. from Dartmouth College and an LL.B. from Stanford University. Mr. Neukom has business leadership, operational, legal and executive experience as a result of his service as Managing General Partner and Chief Executive Officer of San Francisco Baseball Associates L.P., an operator and promoter of professional and semiprofessional athletic clubs and events and owner of the San Francisco Giants, as President of the American Bar Association, as a partner at an international law firm and as the Executive Vice President of Law and Corporate Affairs for Microsoft. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Neukom, with his experience with the technology industry and his expertise in legal, governance and compliance matters, brings a unique and valuable perspective to the Board of Directors. 15 Table of Contents Judith Sim has served as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2015 and has served as our Lead Independent Director since April 2024. Ms. Sim previously held various customer -related and marketing positions at Oracle Corporation, multinational computer technology company providing cloud applications and cloud platform services, from 1991 to April 2020, including serving as the Chief of Staff to the Office of the CEO and as its Chief Marketing Officer from 2005 to April 2020. Ms. Sim has served as a director of First Advantage Corporation, a global provider of technology solutions for screening, verifications, safety and compliance related to human capital, including as the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and a member of the audit committee, since June 2021. Ms. Sim also previously served from October 2021 to March 2023 on the board of directors of Enterprise 4.0 Technology Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company focused on enterprise technology companies, including as chair of the compensation committee. Ms. Sim has also served on the board of directors for DataStax, Inc., a private database -as-a-service artificial intelligence company, since June 2021. Ms. Sim also previously served as a director on the board of directors of the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce from 2015 to 2020. Ms. Sim received a B.S. in dietetics from the University of California at Davis. Ms. Sim has leadership and executive experience from her position as head of marketing programs at Oracle, including experience in field marketing, corporate communications, global customer programs, advertising, campaigns, events and corporate branding. Ms. Sim also has extensive experience serving on public, private and non -profit boards, including on the boards of a number of technology companies. Admiral James Stavridis (Ret) , USN, PhD has served as a member of the Board of Directors since October 2021. Admiral Stavridis (Ret) spent 37 years in the U.S. Navy, rising to the rank of 4 -star Admiral. Among Admiral Stavridis (Ret) many commands were four years as the 16 th Supreme Allied Commander of NATO, leading the NATO Alliance in global operations and where his responsibilities included cybersecurity. He was the longest serving Combatant Commander in recent U.S. history. In the course of his Navy career, Admiral Stavridis (Ret) served as senior military assistant to the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of Defense. He led the Navy s premier operational think tank for innovation, Deep Blue. Following his military career, Admiral Stavridis (Ret) served for five years as the 12 th Dean of The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. While Dean, he created a blended master s degree in cyber and international relations at Tufts. He is a nationally recognized cybersecurity expert and routinely teaches on cyber challenges and offers insights via speaking appearances. He is currently a director, Partner and Vice Chairman, Global Affairs of The Carlyle Group, a multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services corporation, and is Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Rockefeller Foundation, an American private foundation and philanthropic medical research and arts funding organization. Admiral Stavridis (Ret) has also served on the board of directors of Ankura Consulting Group LLP, a global business advisory and expert services company, since December 2020 and on the board of directors and the finance committee of Aon plc since August 2024. Admiral Stavridis (Ret) has served on the boards of directors of several companies and institutions, equipping him with experience to provide valuable insights and an unparalleled leadership skillset to the Board of Directors, including his representation on the boards of directors of the MDA (a Canadian Satellite Company) from April 2020 to May 2022, Vigor Industrial LLC, an industrial services agency, from November 2021 to June 2023, Michael Baker International, a leading provider of engineering and consulting services, from June 2013 to December 2023, American Water from March 2018 to February 2024, Neuberger Berman Mutual Funds, a leading investment management firm, from December 2015 to June 2024, NFP Corp., a global professional services risk assessment firm, from October 2017 to April 2024 and PreVeil, Inc., a provider of secure email networks and file collaboration, from July 2017 to December 2023. Admiral Stavridis (Ret) attended the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis and earned a PhD in international relations from The Fletcher School at Tufts University. Admiral Stavridis (Ret) has extensive government and leadership experience as a result of his military service. The Board of Directors believes that Admiral Stavridis (Ret), with his experience with NATO and his expertise in governance matters, brings a unique and valuable perspective to the Board of Directors. 16 Table of Contents Mary Agnes Maggie Wilderotter has served as a member of the Board of Directors since April 2024. Ms. Wilderotter currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Wilderotter Vineyards, a winery located in Plymouth, California, serves on the public boards of Costco Wholesale Corp., a membership warehouse club, and Sana Biotechnologies, Inc., a biotechnology company creating and delivering cell and gene therapies, and is chair of the Board of Directors at DocuSign, Inc, a cloud -based digital transaction administration platform, at which she served as interim Chief Executive Officer from June 2022 to September 2022. She serves on the private boards of Tanium Inc, privately held cybersecurity and systems management company, and Sonoma Biotherapeutics Inc, a clinical -stage biotechnology company developing engineered regulatory T cell therapies. She is also a senior advisor to a number of companies including Accenture Public Limited Company, a professional services company, Okta, Inc., an identity and access management company, Blackstone Inc., an alternative asset management company, Atairos Management LP, an independent strategic investment company, Bank of America Corporation, a multinational investment bank and financial services holding company, American Century Companies, Inc., a privately controlled and independent investment management firm, Garden City Equity, a private equity firm headquartered in Atlanta, GA, Celonis GmbH, a data processing company offering software as a service to improve business processes, and Sixth Street Partners, LLC, a global investment firm. Ms. Wilderotter was Chief Executive Officer of The Grand Reserve Inn, a five -star luxury resort, for seven years and before that, she was Chief Executive Officer of Frontier Communications Parent, Inc., an American telecommunications company, from 2004 through 2015, and then Executive Chairman of Frontier Communications until 2016. Ms. Wilderotter was previously a director of Xerox Holdings Corporation, a document management technology and services enterprise, Catalyst, Inc., a global nonprofit whose mission is to accelerate female representation in the workplace, Juno Therapeutics, a biopharmaceutical company acquired by biotechnology company Celgene Corporation, DreamWorks Animation LLC, an American entertainment company producing animated feature films, Cadence Design Systems, Inc., a computational software company delivering hardware, software and IP for electronic design, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, an information technology company, The Procter Gamble Company, a consumer goods company, Lyft, Inc, a ride -sharing company, and Navan, Inc., a travel management solutions company. Ms. Wilderotter previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Wink Communications Inc., a video production company that creates, organizes and prepares video content for online distribution, from 1997 to 2002. From 2002 to 2004, Ms. Wilderotter also served as Senior Vice President of Global Business Strategy at Microsoft Corporation, a multinational technology corporation. Ms. Wilderotter has also served in various leadership capacities, including as Executive Vice President of National Operations for AT T Communications Services International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of AT T s Aviation Communications Division, and as Senior Vice president of McCaw Cellular Communications, an American communication service company. Ms. Wilderotter previously served on the President s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee as both Vice Chairman and Chairman during her four -year tenure, which ended in 2014. She also served until 2017 on a special commission responsible for a recommendation report to the U.S. president on enhancing national cybersecurity. Ms. Wilderotter received her Bachelor s Degree in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross, and also holds an Honorary Doctor of Engineering degree from the Stevens Institute of Technology and an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Rochester. Ms. Wilderotter has developed extensive knowledge and experience during her service on the boards of over 35 public companies in her career, and her broad -ranging corporate experiences, including senior leadership positions, in the areas of telecommunications, retail, media, healthcare and technology. Ms. Wilderotter has decided not to stand for re -election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. We thank Ms. Wilderotter for her distinguished service. 17 Table of Contents Director Expertise and Experience The Board of Directors is comprised of a diverse mix of directors with complementary expertise and experience, as summarized in the table below. Our directors may also have limited expertise and experience in addition to what is reflected in the Number of Directors column below. The Number of Directors columns below include Ms. Wilderotter, who has decided not to stand for re -election at the 2025 Annual Meeting and whose term as a director will end at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Summary of Expertise, Experience or Attribute Ken Xie Michael Xie Kenneth A. Goldman Ming Hsieh Jean Hu Janet Napolitano William H. Neukom Judith Sim Admiral James Stavridis (Ret) Mary Agnes Maggie Wilderotter Number of Directors Cybersecurity Extensive knowledge of corporate and global issues related to cybersecurity challenges within private and public organizations. 5 of 10 Technology and Product Development Significant background working in the technology industry, including government sectors, and in management of technology companies; experience in product development, including engineering and design. 10 of 10 Leadership Extensive executive, director or management experience from leadership and governance roles in corporations, government or public organizations. 10 of 10 Public Service and Legal Dedication to public service through leadership of government, non-governmental organizations and not-for-profit institutions; extensive experience in legal and compliance matters. 6 of 10 Finance Leadership of a financial firm or management of the finance function of an enterprise, resulting in financial proficiency and expertise. 4 of 10 Sales and Marketing Experience in sales or marketing, and leadership of corporate sales or marketing functions. 2 of 10 18 Table of Contents Director Tenure and Age Distribution We also believe that our current Board of Directors composition represents an effective balance with respect to director tenure and age. Recent director additions provide the Board of Directors with fresh perspectives and diverse experiences, while directors with longer tenure provide continuity and valuable insight into our business and strategy. The following tables provide information regarding the current tenure and age distribution of the Board of Directors (as of March 31, 2025). The following table includes Ms. Wilderotter, who has decided not to stand for re -election at the 2025 Annual Meeting and whose term as a director will end at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Tenure Number of Directors Age Number of Directors More than 10 years 4 70+ years 2 6 10 years 1 61 70 years 6 0 5 years 5 45 60 years 2 Board Evaluations The Board of Directors is committed to a robust self -evaluation process designed for continuous improvement. To achieve this, the Board of Directors conducts an annual self -evaluation for itself and its committees. As part of this process, each member of the Board of Directors completes a survey conducted by a third -party consulting firm to provide feedback and/or individually meets with the consulting firm to discuss the processes, structure, composition and effectiveness of the Board of Directors. The evaluation process is designed to help the Board of Directors assess the performance of the Board of Directors and its committees, their own individual performance and the individual performances of fellow directors. The third -party consulting firm also collects feedback on the Board of Directors as a whole and each individual director from key members of management. The feedback received from the Board of Directors and management is shared first with the Governance Committee and then made available to the individual directors and the full Board of Directors. The Board of Directors evaluation process is used: by the Board of Directors and the Governance Committee to assess the current composition of the Board of Directors and its committees and make recommendations for the qualifications, expertise and characteristics we should seek in identifying potential new directors; by the Board of Directors and the Governance Committee to identify the strengths and areas of opportunity of each member of the Board of Directors, the Board as a whole and each committee; by the Board of Directors to provide insight into how the Board as a whole, each committee and each member of the Board of Directors can be most valuable; to improve agenda topics of the Board of Directors and its committees so that information they receive enables them to effectively address the issues they consider most critical; and by the Governance Committee as part of its annual review of each director s performance when considering whether to recommend the nomination of the director for re -election to the Board of Directors. See Corporate Governance and Executive Compensation Compensation of Directors for additional information regarding the Board of Directors. 19 Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM General The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee ) has selected Deloitte Touche LLP as Fortinet s independent registered public accounting firm to audit the financial statements of Fortinet for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, which will include an audit of the effectiveness of Fortinet s internal control over financial reporting. A representative of Deloitte Touche LLP is expected to be present at the 2025 Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement if such representative desires to do so and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. If the appointment is not ratified, the Audit Committee will consider whether it should select other independent auditors. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm as Fortinet s independent auditors at any time during the year if the Audit Committee determines that such a change would be in Fortinet s and its stockholders best interests. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP AS FORTINET S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2025. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The following table presents fees billed for professional audit services and other services rendered to Fortinet by Deloitte Touche LLP for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 2024 2023 Audit Fees (1) $ 5,532,727 $ 5,245,637 Tax Fees (2) 911,800 922,173 All Other Fees (3) 1,895 1,895 Total $ 6,446,422 $ 6,169,705 ________________________ (1) Audit Fees consist of fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, audit of our internal control over financial reporting, the review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements and audit services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings for those fiscal years. (2) Tax Fees consist of fees for services related to federal and state income tax compliance, transfer pricing review, reports related to research and development credits, country -by-country reporting, the Foreign Derived Intangible Income and routine tax consulting. (3) All Other Fees consist of products and services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP that are not included in the service categories reported above. Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee is required to (i) review and approve, in advance, the scope and plans for all audits and audit fees and (ii) approve, in advance, all non -audit services to be performed by our independent auditor that are not otherwise prohibited by law and any associated fees. All Deloitte Touche LLP services and fees in 2024 and 2023 were approved by the Audit Committee. 20 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the corresponding rules of the SEC, Fortinet is seeking stockholder approval, on an advisory and non -binding basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in accordance with the SEC s rules in the Executive Compensation section of this Proxy Statement. This proposal, commonly known as a say -on-pay proposal, gives our stockholders the opportunity to express their views on our named executive officers compensation as a whole. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation or any specific named executive officer but rather the overall compensation of all of our named executive officers and the compensation philosophy, policies and practices described in this Proxy Statement. The say -on-pay vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on Fortinet, the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors (the Human Resources Committee ) or the Board of Directors. Following the 2025 Annual Meeting, the next such non -binding advisory vote to approve our named executive officers compensation as a whole is scheduled to occur at the 2026 Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors and the Human Resources Committee value the opinions of our stockholders and the say -on-pay vote provides information to us regarding stockholder sentiment about our executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices, which the Human Resources Committee will be able to consider when determining executive compensation for the remainder of the current fiscal year and beyond. To the extent there is any significant vote against the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, we will consider our stockholders concerns, and the Human Resources Committee will evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns. We believe that the information we have provided in the Executive Compensation section of this Proxy Statement, and in particular the information discussed in Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis, demonstrates that our executive compensation program was designed appropriately and is working to ensure our executive officers interests are aligned with our stockholders interests. Accordingly, we ask our stockholders to vote FOR the following resolution at the 2025 Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that Fortinet s stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers, as disclosed in Fortinet s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting pursuant to the Item 402 of Regulation S -K , including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and narrative discussion and the other related disclosure. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL. 21 Table of Contents PROPOSAL FOUR STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THE FOLLOWING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL Management has been advised that John Chevedden, 2215 Nelson Avenue, Apt. 205, Redondo Beach, California 90278, the beneficial owner of 100 shares of our common stock, intends to submit the following proposal at the meeting. Stockholder Proposal Proposal 4 Independent Board Chairman Shareholders request that the Board of Directors adopt an enduring policy and amend the governing documents as necessary in order that 2 separate people hold the office of the Chairman and the office of the CEO. Whenever possible, the Chairman of the Board shall be an Independent Director. The Board has the discretion to select a temporary Chairman of the Board who is not an Independent Director to serve while the Board is seeking an Independent Chairman of the Board on an accelerated basis. It is a best practice to adopt this policy promptly. However, this policy could be phased in when there is a contract renewal for our current CEO or for the next CEO transition. The roles of Chairman and CEO are fundamentally different and should be held by 2 directors, a CEO and a Chairman who is completely independent of the CEO and Target (TGT). The job of the CEO is to manage the company. The job of the Chairman is to oversee the CEO. A Lead Director is no substitute for an independent Board Chairman. A Lead Director is not responsible for the strategic direction of the company. And a Chairman/CEO can ignore the advice and feedback from a Lead Director. Shareholders know very little about the qualifications of Fortinet s (FTNT) lead director from her 112 -word biography in the 2024 annual meeting proxy. FTNT shareholders can see that her highest degree is a B.S. but are left in the dark about any specific job title during her career. Fortinet shareholders do not know the date of her last day job or whether she has any experience serving on any other Board of Directors of a major company. Please vote yes: Independent Board Chairman Proposal 4 Voting Requirement to Approve Proposal The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of our common stock that are present in person or represented by proxy at the 2025 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote is required to approve Proposal Four. 22 Table of Contents Board of Directors Statement in Opposition The Board of Directors believes it is important to retain flexibility to determine the most appropriate leadership structure based on an assessment of Fortinet s needs and circumstances at any given time. As described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Guidelines ), the Board of Directors does not have a policy mandating the separation of the roles of Chairman and CEO, and these positions may be held by the same person or by different people. In making leadership structure determinations, the Board of Directors considers many factors, including the specific needs of the business and what is in the best interests of our stockholders. Currently, the roles of Chairman and CEO are filled by the same person: Ken Xie, our co -founder and CEO. Mr. Ken Xie brings Fortinet specific experience and insight developed from co -founding and leading Fortinet since its inception. Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Ken Xie s strategic vision for our business, his in -depth knowledge of our platform and operations and the cybersecurity industry and his experience as our Chief Executive Officer since October 2000 make him well qualified to serve as both our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Moreover, the Board of Directors believes it is important for Mr. Ken Xie to be Chairman from a customer and go -to-market perspective, especially with respect to international customers. Because the roles of Chairman and CEO are filled by the same person, the Board of Directors, including the independent directors, believe it is in the best interest to designate a Lead Independent Director and has elected Judith Sim as our current Lead Independent Director. The Board of Directors believes that the current leadership structure provides an appropriate balance between strong leadership from our Chairman and CEO and oversight by independent directors, including Ms. Sim as our Lead Independent Director. In particular, this structure capitalizes on the expertise and experience of Mr. Ken Xie and Ms. Sim, as it permits Mr. Ken Xie to serve as a bridge between the Board of Directors and management, helping both to act with a common purpose and providing critical leadership for carrying out our strategy and confronting challenges, while Ms. Sim ensures independence of the Board of Directors from management and, as Lead Independent Director, can call and chair meetings of the independent directors separate and apart from the Chairman. The Board of Directors also believes that there may be other advantages to having a Lead Independent Director for matters such as communications and relations between the Board of Directors, the CEO and the other members of our senior management, and in assisting the Board of Directors in reaching consensus on particular strategies and policies. The Board of Directors believes our company and our stockholders benefit from this flexibility, as our directors are well positioned to determine our leadership structure given their in -depth knowledge of our leadership team, our strategic goals and the opportunities and challenges we face. Moreover, our lead independent director role, as well as our other corporate governance practices, already provide robust independent leadership and the level of leadership and oversight requested by this proposal. The Board of Directors believes Fortinet has benefitted from this leadership and does not believe a prescriptive policy that limits the Board of Directors discretion to determine its leadership structure would be in the best interests of our company and its stockholders. The Board of Directors already has independent leadership and oversight of critical matters The Board of Directors does not believe that a policy requiring an independent chairman is necessary to ensure that the Board of Directors provides adequate oversight of the CEO including independent and effective oversight of Fortinet s business and management and respectfully disagrees with the stockholder proposal s unsupported assertions that a Lead Director is no substitute for an independent Board Chairman and a chairman and CEO can ignore the advice and feedback from a lead [independent] director. Consistent with best practices, and as further described in Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure , the responsibilities and authority of our Lead Independent Director include: presiding over executive sessions of the Board of Directors; reviewing and commenting on the agenda for meetings of the Board of Directors in consultation with the Chairman and CEO and other members of the Board of Directors; acting as principal liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman and CEO on sensitive issues; 23 Table of Contents raising issues with management on behalf of the independent directors when appropriate; and assessing the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information from management that is necessary for the independent directors to effectively and responsibly perform their duties Additionally, as required by our Guidelines, a majority of the Board of Directors and each member of the Audit, Human Resources and Governance Committees are independent under the applicable Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules, which ensures that oversight of critical matters, such as the integrity of Fortinet s financial statements, the compensation of our executive officers, the selection and evaluation of directors and the development of corporate governance principles, among others, is entrusted to independent directors. The Board of Directors and each of its committees have unrestricted access to officers and employees of Fortinet and have the authority to ask questions and conduct investigations, and to retain legal, accounting, financial or other outside advisors, as they deem necessary or appropriate to fulfill their duties. In addition, our independent directors regularly meet in executive sessions without the CEO or other members of management present. Further, each director is empowered to request additional executive sessions to discuss any matter of concern. Our Lead Independent Director is elected by our Board of Directors, including the independent directors, taking into account, among other factors, such director s tenure, qualifications and contributions to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has reviewed and elected the Lead Independent Director on an annual basis. In part, to further strengthen the Board of Directors independent oversight of management and the Company, the independent directors recently elected a new Lead Independent Director. In April 2024, our directors elected Ms. Sim to serve as the Lead Independent Director and re -elected her again in 2025. Ms. Sim, who also serves as chairperson of Human Resources Committee, provides a strong counterbalance to the Chairman and CEO and promotes independent Board of Directors oversight of management and the Company in her role as Lead Independent Director. Ms. Sim, moreover, meets regularly with the investor community as part of her Lead Independent Director role. She also has leadership and executive experience from her position as head of marketing programs at Oracle, including experience in field marketing, corporate communications, global customer programs, advertising, campaigns, events and corporate branding. Ms. Sim also has extensive experience serving on public, private and non -profit boards, including on the boards of a number of technology companies. Our strong and evolving corporate governance practice promotes accountability. Our Board of Directors further believes that Fortinet s long -standing commitment to strong corporate governance principles makes the stockholder proposal unnecessary. By responding to and implementing emerging governance best practices over the years, Fortinet maintains leading governance policies and procedures designed to promote stockholder rights and accountability to stockholders, including, among others: the annual election of all directors as opposed to staggered boards; a majority voting standard in uncontested director elections with advanced conditional resignation for failing to meet such majority vote; stockholder ability to remove directors, with or without cause; the right to call a special meeting; no stockholder rights plan or poison pill; annual say -on-pay advisory votes; a single class of common stock structure; removed the supermajority voting requirements in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; regular outreach and engagement with our stockholders, including corporate governance matters and corporate sustainability practices; the Board of Directors regularly reviews our governance practices and on its own initiative, the Board of Directors has made adjustments to our corporate governance practices as we have matured; 24 Table of Contents our directors maintain open communication and strong working relationships among themselves and have regular access to management; and the Board of Directors conducts a robust annual Board of Directors and committee self -assessment process. The proposal s rigid and prescriptive approach to board leadership is not the practice of the majority of companies in the S P 500. According to the 2024 Spencer Stuart Board Index, approximately 61% of companies in the S P 500 do not have an independent board chair, while 66% of companies have a lead or presiding director, as Fortinet does. The proposal would restrict the Board of Directors discretion to use its experience and judgment to make the most appropriate decision on its leadership structure. The Board of Directors believes that rather than taking a one -size-fits-all approach to board leadership, the Board of Directors fiduciary duties are best fulfilled by retaining flexibility to determine the leadership structure that serves the best interests of Fortinet and our stockholders, taking into account Fortinet s needs and circumstances at any given time. Stockholders are provided adequate information about our Lead Independent Director The Board of Directors respectfully disagrees with the stockholder proposal s assertion that stockholders know very little about the qualifications of Fortinet s (FTNT) lead [independent] director . As disclosed in Ms. Sim s biography provided in Proposal One, Ms. Sim has been a member of the Board of Directors since June 2015 and the stockholders have been provided ample information about her qualifications and background during her directorship. However, in order to ensure Fortinet s stockholders are provided with the high level of disclosure about the Board of Directors, additional information about Ms. Sim s qualifications and background have been added to her biography in this Proxy Statement as compared to prior years. For the reasons set forth above, the Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote AGAINST adoption of Proposal Four. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THIS PROPOSAL. 25 Table of Contents CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY We believe that our corporate vision a digital world you can always trust is essential to achieving just and sustainable societies, and that it is our responsibility to deliver on that vision by addressing cybersecurity risks to society growing an inclusive cybersecurity workforce, representing the interests of the environment and promoting responsible business across our value chain. These responsibilities drive our CSR practices. Our commitment to CSR starts at the highest level with the Governance Committee, which the Board of Directors combined in 2024 with the Social Responsibility Committee that was established in 2021. The Governance and Social Responsibility Committee s CSR function ensures proper focus on, and provides proper oversight of, our CSR strategy, initiatives and execution. Our senior leadership sponsors and helps oversee the integration of our CSR priorities broadly throughout our business operations, and our Global Head of Sustainability manages a team and chairs an internal cross -functional employee CSR Committee to define our CSR strategy and lead execution. We believe having oversight at the level of a committee of the Board of Directors reinforces the importance of CSR practices in our business and helps steer our CSR performance. Our objective is to promote long -term value for our stakeholders, including customers, partners, suppliers, employees, stockholders and communities. Our sustainability strategy, which is based on a formal materiality assessment conducted in 2021 and refreshed in 2024, with outside experts, is informed as follows: Addressing Cybersecurity Risks to Society Growing an Inclusive Cybersecurity Workforce Promoting Responsible Business Respecting the Environment We work to advance the industry through continually innovating in our products and services to protect organizations against evolving cyber threats, collaborating with public and private organizations globally to combat cybercrime, and engaging customers to support their continued success. We are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workforce within our organization and across the cybersecurity industry. By empowering individuals from all backgrounds to reach their full potential and providing the knowledge needed to navigate the digital world securely, we help bridge the cybersecurity skills gap and build a safer, more resilient digital future for all. We are committed to conducting business ethically across our entire value chain, including respecting human rights, complying with all laws, and ensuring our employees, partners and others adhere to our policies. To protect our information systems and our employees and customers data, we implement best practices in the industry and uphold the highest standards internally for information security, data protection, and privacy. We are focused on addressing the climate change impacts and minimizing the environmental footprint of our solutions, operations and our broader value chain. Priority issues: Innovation and responsible technology; Cybercrime disruption Priority issues: Inclusion and belonging; Cybersecurity skills gap Priority issues: Business Ethics; Information Security Data Privacy Priority issues: Product Environmental Impacts; Climate Change For each of our defined CSR priorities, we have developed roadmaps and engaged relevant business units in the implementation process. We are focused on continuously improving our sustainability efforts and further aligning with global reporting frameworks. We publish our sustainability report on an annual basis and actively participate in sustainability assessments from rating agencies. In 2024, we were named in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and North American Indices for the third consecutive year, demonstrating the continued progress we have made on our sustainability journey. In April, we publish our annual sustainability report, which presents a balanced account of the previous year s sustainability performance and progress across our most material priority areas. The report references Global Reporting Initiative standards, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board standards, the Task Force on Climate -Related Financial Disclosures framework and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 26 Table of Contents We engage with key internal and external stakeholders to help refine our CSR practices. Below are specific areas that we know are of particular importance to many of our stockholders based on the feedback received. Corporate Sustainability We are committed to responsible corporate sustainability practices and having a positive impact on the sustainability of our society and planet. We have completed our validation process and have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiatives for a near -term target. We continue to combine innovation with environmental sustainability to reduce the use of energy, cooling and space required for our solutions, thereby helping our customers minimize power consumption and greenhouse gas emissions. We also ensure that our products comply with global product environmental compliance directives and regulations. We are engaged on a decarbonization path to meet our near -term SBTi target by 2030. In 2023, we obtained the ISO14001 certification for our largest company -owned warehouse in Union City, California, and have continued to be a leader on energy efficiency with the launch of our SP5 ASIC and our FortiGate -90G model. We submitted our survey on the environment to CDP, which is a non -profit charity organization that runs the global disclosure system for companies to manage their environmental impacts, and improve our score to a B. We also disclosed our Scope 3 emissions, across all twelve relevant categories, as part of our annual reporting on sustainability. We are committed to empower individuals within our organization and across the security industry to reach their full potential. We continue to focus on skilling, upskilling and reskilling individuals and are on track to reach our goal of training one million people in cybersecurity by 2026 with over 630,000 individuals trained as of the end of 2024. As part of our Education Outreach Program, which focuses on creating a more diverse cybersecurity talent pool, we launched the Veterans Program Advisory Council to help build on the Veterans Program s success in providing more cybersecurity training pathways for military veterans across the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. We offered our Security Awareness Curriculum at no cost to primary and secondary schools across the same countries. We are involved in over 700 education partnerships across more than 100 countries and participate in public -private partnerships, including the White House s National Cyber Workforce and Education Strategy. Governance We are focused on good governance and ethical practices throughout our business. The Board of Directors frequently reviews our governance practices to ensure that they are appropriate and reflect the maturity of our company. To promote ethical business practices across our value chain, we have adopted and regularly reviewed policies that set out a Business Code of Conduct for all employees, partners, suppliers and vendors, and have trainings and controls in place. In 2023, we established a risk management committee and steering committee to further enhance our anti -corruption program, and we employ a thorough screening process for partners and suppliers, including continuous monitoring in high -risk zones, and resolution process for risk mitigation. As part of our engagement with stockholders, we regularly evaluate our corporate governance structure and practices, and have implemented the following measures, among others: adopted a majority voting standard for uncontested elections of directors; removed supermajority voting requirements in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; allowed stockholders to call special meetings of our stockholders; declassified our Board of Directors; implemented proxy access; and implemented stock ownership guidelines with respect to our non -employee directors. For more information regarding Fortinet s CSR approach and initiatives, please visit our website at https://www.fortinet.com/csr or read our 2024 Sustainability report: https://www.fortinet.com/corporate/about -us /corporate -social-responsibility /sustainability -report . The information contained in our 2024 Sustainability Report is not intended to be incorporated into this Proxy Statement. 27 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Guidelines We have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to establish the corporate governance policies which provide a structure within which the Board of Directors and management can effectively pursue Fortinet s objectives for the benefit of our stockholders. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on Fortinet s website at investor.fortinet.com/corporate -governance-0 . Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Board of Directors sets high standards for Fortinet s employees, officers and directors. Fortinet is committed to establishing an operating framework that exercises appropriate oversight of responsibilities at all levels throughout Fortinet and managing its affairs consistently with high principles of business ethics. Accordingly, Fortinet has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is applicable to our and our subsidiaries directors, officers and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on Fortinet s website at investor.fortinet.com/corporate -governance-0 . Fortinet will disclose on its website any amendments to, or waivers of, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that are required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC or Nasdaq. Human Capital Management Our employees are the foundation of our innovation and cybersecurity leadership for the benefit of our customers. We understand there is a shortage of highly skilled employees for security companies like ours, and we believe that our success and competitive advantage depend largely on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled employees with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe we offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits, and we encourage a culture of fairness and meritocracy. Our compensation programs for our employees include base pay, incentive compensation, opportunities for equity ownership where local statutes allow and employee benefits that promote well -being across different aspects of our employees lives, which may include health and welfare insurance, retirement benefits and paid time off. We are also committed to community engagement and social responsibility with regards to our employees and beyond, and the Board of Directors has active oversight of such initiatives. Examples of our initiatives focused on our employees include our company matching program for employee charitable contributions and the free security training programs we offer to help with career development for our employees, in addition to the general public. Our culture is defined by our commitment to ethics and integrity. We reinforce our ethical tone at the top through clear policies including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, regular compliance training for our employees, quarterly meetings of our cross -functional Ethics Committee, clear messaging from our executives, enforcement of company policies and oversight by the Board of Directors. In addition, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and other executives regularly communicate the importance of Fortinet s core values of openness, teamwork and innovation. We are committed to providing our employees with a safe and healthy work environment. We sponsor a global wellness program designed to enhance physical, financial and mental wellbeing for all our employees around the world. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors through communications, educational sessions, wellness challenges and other incentives. Majority Voting Standard for Director Elections and Director Resignation Policy Our Bylaws provide for a majority voting standard for uncontested elections of directors and require that stockholder director nominations include a written statement as to whether the nominee intends to tender an irrevocable resignation upon such nominee s election or re -election . The majority voting standard provides that, in uncontested director elections, a director nominee will be elected only if the number of votes cast FOR the nominee exceeds the number of votes cast AGAINST the nominee. In addition, our Corporate 28 Table of Contents Governance Guidelines address, among other provisions, the holdover director situation under the Delaware General Corporation Law (pursuant to which a director remains on the board of directors until such director s successor is elected and qualified), by requiring each incumbent nominee to submit an irrevocable contingent resignation letter prior to the annual meeting of stockholders in which such election is to take place. Such resignation becomes effective only upon (i) such nominee s failure to receive the requisite number of votes for re -election at any future meeting at which such person would face re -election and (ii) the Board of Directors acceptance of such resignation. If the nominee does not receive the requisite number of votes for re -election , the Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board of Directors as to whether to accept or reject such resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors will act on the Governance Committee s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision and the rationale behind it within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results. Director Independence The Board of Directors has determined that, with the exception of Messrs. Ken Xie and Michael Xie, who are employees of Fortinet, all of the current members of the Board of Directors and nominees for director are independent directors as that term is defined in Nasdaq s listing standards. Board Meetings and Committees During 2024, the Board of Directors held six meetings and acted by unanimous written consent two times. Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings held by all committees of the Board of Directors on which such director served during the past fiscal year. The Board of Directors has four standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Human Resources Committee, the Governance Committee and the Cybersecurity Committee. Audit Committee The Audit Committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Goldman and Hsieh and Ms. Hu, each of whom is independent as such term is defined for audit committee members by the listing standards of Nasdaq and the rules of the SEC. Mr. Goldman is the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has determined that each of Ms. Hu and Mr. Goldman is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in the rules of the SEC. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: selecting and hiring our independent auditors, and approving the audit and non -audit services to be performed by our independent auditors; evaluating the qualifications, performance and independence of our independent auditors; monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal control policies and procedures; discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent auditors and reviewing with management and the independent auditors our interim and year -end operating results; preparing the Audit Committee Report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing and overseeing related -person transactions. The Audit Committee held nine meetings during 2024. The Audit Committee has adopted a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available on Fortinet s website at investor.fortinet.com/corporate -governance-0 . 29 Table of Contents The Audit Committee Report is included in this Proxy Statement on page 69. Human Resources Committee The Human Resources Committee is currently comprised of Ms. Sim and Messrs. Hsieh and Goldman, each of whom qualifies as an independent director under the listing standards of Nasdaq. Ms. Sim is the Chairperson of the Human Resources Committee. The Human Resources Committee is responsible for, among other things: providing oversight of our organization and human resources activities, including culture and ethics matters and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives; providing oversight of our employee and executive compensation policies, plans and benefits programs, and overall compensation philosophy; reviewing and approving for our executive officers: their annual base salary, annual incentive bonus, equity compensation and other benefits, compensation or arrangements; reviewing and recommending compensation goals and objectives, and bonus and stock compensation criteria for our executive officers; preparing the Human Resources Committee Report that the SEC requires to be included in our annual proxy statement; and administering our equity compensation plans. See Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation Compensation of Directors for a description of Fortinet s processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of executive officer and director compensation. The Human Resources Committee held four meetings during 2024. The Human Resources Committee has adopted a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available on Fortinet s website at investor.fortinet.com/corporate -governance-0 . The Human Resources Committee Report is included in this Proxy Statement on page 49. Governance and Social Responsibility Committee The Board of Directors approved renaming of the Governance Committee. The Governance Committee is currently comprised of Admiral Stavridis (Ret), Mr. Neukom, Ms. Wilderotter and Ms. Sim, each of whom qualifies as an independent director under the listing standards of Nasdaq. Mr. Neukom is the Chairperson of the Governance Committee. Ms. Wilderotter has decided not to stand for re -election at the 2025 Annual Meeting and her service on the Governance Committee will end at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things: advising the Board of Directors and our officers on corporate governance matters; overseeing the evaluation of the Board of Directors; reviewing developments in corporate governance practices and developing and recommending corporate governance guidelines and other policies; assisting the Board of Directors in identifying prospective director nominees and recommending nominees for each annual meeting of stockholders to the Board of Directors; recommending members for each committee of the Board of Directors; 30 Table of Contents recommending to the Board of Directors and overseeing programs relating to social responsibility and sustainability; reviewing and assessing with management performance, risks, controls and procedures relating to social responsibility and sustainability; and overseeing our charitable giving policies. The Governance Committee will consider recommendations of candidates for the Board of Directors submitted by stockholders of Fortinet; see Process for Recommending Candidates for Election to the Board of Directors below. The Governance Committee held four meetings during 2024 and acted by unanimous written consent one time during 2024. The Governance Committee has adopted a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available on Fortinet s website at investor.fortinet.com/corporate -governance-0 . Cybersecurity Committee The Board of Directors considers Fortinet s cybersecurity responsibilities to be a high priority, and as such formed the Cybersecurity Committee in July 2024. The Cybersecurity Committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Michael Xie and Neukom, Admiral Stavridis (Ret) and Ms. Napolitano. Admiral Stavridis (Ret) is the Chairperson of the Cybersecurity Committee. The Cybersecurity Committee is responsible for, among other things: providing oversight of our information security, product security and data privacy programs; reviewing and providing oversight on our controls, policies and procedures put in place for monitoring, preventing and responding to cybersecurity, product cybersecurity and data privacy risks; reviewing our cybersecurity, product security, data privacy and other information technology risks, controls and procedures, including our plans to mitigate cybersecurity risks and respond to data breaches; reviewing and providing oversight over our compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the above -mentioned functions reviewing and providing oversight over our information security, product security and data privacy compliance and standard and certifications programs to support growth across all sectors. The newly formed Cybersecurity Committee held one meeting during 2024. The Cybersecurity Committee has adopted a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available on Fortinet s website at investor.fortinet.com/corporate -governance-0 . Human Resources Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Ms. Sim, and Messrs. Hsieh and Goldman served as members of the Human Resources Committee during fiscal 2024. None of the members of the Human Resources Committee during 2024 is or has in the past served as an officer or employee of our company. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on the Board of Directors or the Human Resources Committee during fiscal 2024. Insider Trading Policy Our Board of Directors has adopted an Insider Trading Policy that governs the purchase, sale and other disposition of our securities by our team members, including our officers, independent contractors and directors. We believe our Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations as w