=== FTNT_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our common stock. Some of the principal risks and uncertainties include: Our operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable. Adverse economic conditions, such as a possible economic downturn or recession, and possible impacts of inflation or stagflation, tariffs, trade policies or other trade disruptions, changing interest rates, changes in government spending or regulation or reduced information technology ( IT ) spending, including firewall spending, may adversely impact our business. We have been, are currently and may in the future be susceptible to supply chain constraints, supply shortages and disruptions, long or less predictable lead times for components and finished goods and supply changes because some of the key components in our products come from limited sources of supply. During prior periods of supply chain disruption, including during the COVID-19 pandemic, we increased our purchase order commitments. Similar conditions could arise in the future, which may require us to accept or pay for components and finished goods regardless of our level of sales in a particular period, which may negatively or unpredictably impact our operating results and financial condition. Our billings, revenue and free cash flow growth, including our product and service billings and revenue, may slow, and our operating margins may decline, particularly if our billings and revenue do not improve or grow as anticipated, or if customer demand, renewal rates, pricing, competitive dynamics, implementation timing, cost structure, or macroeconomic conditions adversely affect our business, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our real estate assets, including construction, acquisitions, improvements, leasing activity, and ongoing maintenance and management of office buildings, warehouses, data centers and points of presence ( PoPs ), as well as data center operations, expansions or enhancements, could involve significant risks to our business. Any weakness in sales strategy, productivity, personnel, hiring and retention, and execution could negatively impact our results of operations. We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management, as well as our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel. We rely on third-party channel partners for substantially all of our billings, revenue, and a small number of distributors represents a large percentage of our revenue and accounts receivable. Reliance on a concentration of shipments at the end of the quarter or changes in shipping terms could cause our billings and revenue to fall below expected levels. We rely significantly on revenue from FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services, and revenue from these services may decline or fluctuate in manners that could adversely impact our results of operations. We face intense competition in our market and we may not maintain or improve our competitive position. We are susceptible to defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, as well as reputational harm from the failure or misuse of our products or services, and any actual or perceived defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, failure of our products or services to detect or prevent a security incident or to cause a disruption to operations, failure of our customers to implement preventative actions such as updates to one of our deployed solutions or failure to help secure our customers, could cause our products or services to allow unauthorized access to our customers networks and harm our operational results and reputation more significantly as compared to other companies. Our Product Security Incident Response Team publicly posts on our FortiGuard Labs website known product vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, and methods for customers to mitigate the risk of vulnerabilities. However, there can be no assurance that such posts will be sufficiently timely, accurate or complete or that those customers will see such posts or take steps to mitigate the risk of vulnerabilities, and certain customers may be negatively impacted. 1 Table of Contents If our internal enterprise IT networks, our operational networks, our research and development networks, our back-end labs and cloud stacks hosted in our data centers or PoPs, colocation vendors or public cloud providers are compromised, public perception of our products and services may be harmed, our customers may be breached and harmed, we may become subject to liability, and our business, operating results and stock price may be adversely impacted. We have incurred indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. We generate a majority of billings, revenue and cash flow from sales outside of the United States, which may expose us to risks associated with international operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our backlog may fluctuate over quarters. If we experience supply chain shortages and cannot fulfill orders or if customers cancel or delay delivery of orders, our backlog may be affected, which will negatively impact our aggregate backlog to billings conversion and revenue in such quarter. Generally, a reduction to backlog increases our aggregate billings and revenue during the quarter when delivered. We may not be successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to large- and medium-sized end-customers. A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government organizations and other adjacent customers, which are subject to a number of regulatory requirements, their own supply chain constraints and contractual requirements, challenges and risks, including impacts from geopolitical dynamics. We order components and finished goods from third-party manufacturers based on our forecasts of future demand and targeted inventory levels, which exposes us to the risk of product shortages, tariffs, may result in lost sales, higher expenses and inventory excesses which may lead to inventory charges and costs related to future purchase commitments, possibly requiring us to sell our products at discounts or offer various other incentives. We depend on third parties to provide various components for our products and build our products and are susceptible to manufacturing delays, capacity constraints, cost increases, and changes in the geopolitical environment. Our inability to successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, products or technologies, or to successfully invest in and form successful strategic alliances with other businesses, could seriously harm our competitive position and could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Investors , activists and regulators expectations of our investments and performance relating to operational sustainability factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce and we may be subject to claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology. The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, which volatility may be exacerbated by share repurchases under our Share Repurchase Program (the Repurchase Program ). Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. Global economic uncertainty can weaken and harm our financial position. Weakening product demand caused by geopolitical instability, changes in trade agreements, wars and foreign conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan or conflicts in the Middle East, could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 2 Table of Contents Part I ITEM 1. Business Overview Fortinet is a leader in cybersecurity, driving the convergence of networking and security. Our mission is to secure people, devices and data everywhere. Our integrated platform, the Fortinet Security Fabric, spans secure networking, unified Secure Access Service Edge ( SASE ) and artificial intelligence ( AI )-driven security operations ( SecOps ). As of December 31, 2025, our end-customers were located in over 100 countries and included enterprises across a wide variety of market verticals, including financial services, retail, healthcare and operational technology ( OT ) market verticals, communication and security service providers, and government organizations. As a global company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, our research and development is centered in the United States and Canada with a global footprint of support and centers of excellence around the world. As of December 31, 2025, we held 1,064 U.S. patents and a total of 1,405 global patents, including 321 AI-related patents. We have been recognized in over 140 enterprise analyst reports demonstrating both our vision and execution across security and networking products. Our competitive differentiation lies in our core technologies, which together provide performance, security, flexibility and integration across diverse environments. FortiOS Our unified operating system enables the convergence of networking and AI-powered security to enforce consistent policies across all form factors and edges. As the foundational engine of the Fortinet Security Fabric, FortiOS empowers organizations to unify management and analytics, providing network visibility and control at scale. FortiOS includes advanced encryption and other security technologies designed to address evolving cybersecurity threats, including emerging quantum-resistant cryptographic capabilities. FortiASIC Our Application-Specific Integrated Circuit ( ASIC )-based security processing units ( SPUs ) increase the speed, scale, efficiency and value of our solutions while reducing footprint and power requirements. From branch and campus to data center solutions, SPU-powered Fortinet appliances deliver superior Security Compute Ratings versus industry alternatives. FortiCloud Our organically built global cloud infrastructure provides customers with global reach, flexible connectivity and cost savings. FortiCloud is our private cloud software as a service ( SaaS ) platform, powered by FortiStack, which is our secure SaaS platform operating as a private cloud service provider and leveraging software and hardware to optimize and secure all layers. FortiAI FortiAI provides a dual-layered defense across the Fortinet Security Fabric through the AI for Security and Security for AI framework. Within AI for Security, FortiAI-Assist uses generative and agentic AI to support Network Operations Center ( NOC ) and Security Operations Center ( SOC ) teams in monitoring, analysis and response activities across enterprise environments. Security for AI comprises of FortiAI-Protect and FortiAI-SecureAI. FortiAI-Protect utilizes AI/Machine Learnings ( ML ) to address AI-driven threats and zero-day attacks, and support governance over generative AI ( GenAI ) applications, FortiAI-SecureAI focus on protecting an organization s AI infrastructure, including large language models ( LLMs ) and Application Programming Interface ( APIs ), and preventing data leakage into and out of LLMs. FortiAI protects the AI ecosystem, infrastructure, models, workloads, data and supply chains, while leveraging unified AI intelligence across the Fortinet Security Fabric to defend against threats. FortiEndpoint FortiEndpoint converges secure connectivity, endpoint protection and advanced capabilities like endpoint detection and response and Universal Zero Trust Network Access ( ZTNA ), into a single agent. It simplifies management and enhances visibility while reducing costs and complexity. The solution gives IT teams the visibility and control they need, while security teams benefit from automated threat detection and response. This minimizes the need for manual intervention and provides faster remediation of threats across environments. OT Security The Fortinet Security Fabric enables security for OT systems and Cyber-Physical Systems ( CPS ), including converged IT/OT architectures. Our OT Security Platform is purpose-built to protect the engineered systems that underpin critical infrastructure and supply chains around the world. This includes securing energy and utilities systems, manufacturing environments, and transportation, utilizing FortiGuard OT Security Services. These offerings include security capabilities for CPS assets and tools that support centralized NOC and SOC functions. 3 Table of Contents These competitive differentiators provide networking and security professionals with a cyber security platform comprised of over 50 products across three solution pillars: Secure Networking Our Secure Networking solutions focus on the convergence of networking and security via FortiOS, our networking and security operating system that is the foundation of our Fortinet Security Fabric platform and supports a broad range of functions that can be delivered via a physical, virtual, cloud or SaaS solutions. When delivered through our network firewall appliances, functionality is accelerated through our proprietary ASIC technology. These proprietary ASICs, allow our systems to scale, run multiple applications at higher performance, lower power consumption and perform more processor-intensive operations, such as inspecting encrypted traffic, including streaming video. Our network firewall offerings consist of a FortiGate, which can be deployed at branch, campus, data center, internal segmentation, private and public cloud to enable hybrid mesh firewall solutions, as well as encrypted applications (secure sockets layer ( SSL ) inspection, virtual private network and Internet Protocol Security connectivity). Our ability to converge networking and security also enables the ethernet to become an extension of our customers security infrastructure through FortiSwitch and FortiLink. FortiExtender secures 5G/LTE and remote ethernet extenders to connect and secure any branch environment. Our Secure Connectivity solution includes FortiSwitch secure ethernet switches, FortiAP wireless local area network access points and FortiExtender 5G connectivity gateways and Network Access Control ( NAC ) for securing Internet of Things ( IoT ) devices. Unified Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) As applications move to the cloud and hybrid workforce is now the norm, enabling secure access for users with zero trust framework becomes important. The Fortinet Unified SASE solution includes a single-vendor SASE solution that includes firewall, SD-WAN, secure web gateway, cloud access services broker, Data Loss Prevention ( DLP ), Digital Experience Monitoring ( DEM ), Remote Browser Isolation ( RBI ) and ZTNA to deliver flexible secure access for all users. We are one of the few vendors to deliver consistent convergence and AI-powered security across Secure SD-WAN and SSE to enable a single-vendor SASE framework with a cloud-centric architecture powered by FortiOS. Our global and scalable cloud network includes over 190 PoPs to deliver a seamless secure access experience. Leveraging this global infrastructure, we believe we are well positioned to support customers expanding from SD-WAN to a single-vendor SASE platform. We also allow our customers to deploy our FortiSASE as Sovereign SASE, which provides control over the technology elements needed for a SASE solution. FortiSASE Sovereign delivers full SASE capabilities within infrastructure environments that organizations control, including on-premises, in private data centers or trusted colocation environments. Additionally, we offer a full suite of integrated cloud security solutions that enable customers to secure their applications from code to cloud. Our solutions include application security that includes web application firewalls, cloud network security with virtualized firewalls and cloud-native firewalls, cloud-native application protection and code security. We deliver a holistic approach to cloud security, offering a single unified platform, consolidating protection across multiple disparate tools, including coding, deploying, and running applications across hybrid and multi-clouds. Additionally, we also offer flexible consumption licensing programs that enable organizations to dynamically optimize their cloud security needs and investments as well as readily meet their cloud minimum spend commitment obligations with Cloud Service Providers. We continue to develop all the core SASE capabilities in a single operating system, FortiOS, including Next-Gen Firewall, SD-WAN, ZTNA, secure web gateway, cloud access security broker and DLP. This native integration of our Next-Gen Firewall, SD-WAN and SASE has become the New-Generation SASE Firewall. AI-Driven Security Operations (SecOps) Our AI-Driven SecOps portfolio provides a suite of cybersecurity solutions that identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from threats, all integrated within the Fortinet Security Fabric. At the core is FortiAnalyzer, which serves as the central SOC platform with its unified data lake that provides: built-in security information and event management ( SIEM ); security, orchestration, automation, and response ( SOAR ); XDR and threat intelligence, enabling centralized visibility, analytics and automation with complete control. FortiSIEM delivers security information and event management for more advanced SOC requirements, while FortiSOAR enables automated orchestration and playbook-driven response. This solution set also includes FortiEndpoint, FortiNDR, FortiSandbox, FortiDeceptor, FortiDLP and FortiRecon, helping organizations achieve defense in depth, ensuring attackers face multiple layers of detection and mitigation across endpoints, networks, and applications. To bolster their security posture, organizations contending with staff shortages can tap into FortiGuard services, including SOC-as-a-Service ( SOCaaS ), Managed detection and response ( MDR ), Security Posture Assessment and Incident Response. Finally, FortiAI generative AI assistance streamlines operations, helping security teams stay ahead of an ever-evolving threat landscape. FortiGuard Labs is our cybersecurity threat intelligence and research organization comprised of experienced threat hunters, researchers, analysts, engineers and data scientists who develop and utilize ML and AI technologies to provide timely protection updates and actionable threat intelligence for the benefit of our customers. Using millions of global network sensors, FortiGuard Labs monitors the worldwide attack surface and employs AI to mine that data for new threats. FortiGuard and Other Security Services are a suite of AI-powered security capabilities that are natively integrated as part of the Fortinet Security Fabric to deliver coordinated detection and enforcement across the entire attack surface. The 4 Table of Contents portfolio consists of FortiGuard application security services, content security services, device security services, NOC/SOC security services and web security services. FortiCare Technical Support Service is a technical support service, which provides customers access to experts to ensure efficient and effective operations and maintenance of their Fortinet solution. Global technical support is offered 24x7 with flexible add-ons, including enhanced service-level agreements ( SLAs ) and priority hardware replacement through in-country and local depots. Organizations have the flexibility to procure different levels of service for different solutions based on their availability needs. We offer three support options tailored to the needs of our enterprise customers: FortiCare Elite, FortiCare Premium and FortiCare Essential. The FortiCare Elite service aims to provide a 15-minute response time for key product families. In addition to FortiCare solution based services, Advanced Support service options are available per account. These services are available for regional account support in three options: Core, Pro and Pro Plus, and can be available or provided on a global basis at the Pro and Pro Plus levels. Advanced Support brings support directly to each account, helping account holders to make their operations more effective and to plan and manage their solution lifecycle. Additionally, we are committed to addressing the cybersecurity skills shortage through training and certification programs for customers, partners and employees. The Fortinet Training Institute s ecosystem of public and private partnerships around the world extend to industry, academia, government and nonprofits to ensure we are reaching and increasing access of our cybersecurity certifications and training to all populations. The Fortinet Training Institute has issued approximately two million certifications to date. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated total revenue of $6.80 billion and net income of $1.85 billion. See Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 and our consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. We were incorporated in Delaware in November 2000. Our principal executive office is located at 909 Kifer Road, Sunnyvale, California 94086, and our telephone number at that location is (408) 235-7700. Industry Background: The Trends Driving the Need for a Platform Approach Modern networks are increasingly complex, spanning many edges as well as a mix of cloud and on-premises deployments. We were founded with the mission of providing a converged networking and security approach that empowers organizations to adopt new technologies without worrying about how it would impact their ability to manage and secure their environments. The escalating threat landscape has resulted in a significant increase in the demand for secure networking solutions. In fact, we believe the demand for secure networking will overtake the pure networking market by 2030. At the same time, businesses contend with an escalating threat landscape, a cybersecurity skills shortage, and siloed security tools that do not work well together. They need to consolidate point products to gain better visibility and faster threat response times. A platform approach what we call the Fortinet Security Fabric has emerged to address these challenges and support enterprises in reducing complexity and improving risk mitigation. The concept of an integrated cybersecurity platform that converges networking and security and consolidates point products is what guides how we design our products and advise our customers and partners . As organizations continue to modernize their cybersecurity infrastructure, we anticipate a significant firewall refresh and upgrade cycle in the coming years. Given our platform approach, this refresh presents a strategic opportunity to expand our footprint within existing customer environments. By leveraging our integrated security and networking capabilities, we can drive opportunities across our broader portfolio, including LAN, SD-WAN, SASE, Cloud-Native Application Protection Platform ( CNAPP ) and SecOps solutions. With a unified management console, we enable consistent security policies, simplified operations, and an improved user experience across on-premises, cloud, and hybrid deployments. This approach strengthens security effectiveness and helps reduce complexity and total cost of ownership. Customers Our end-customers are located in over 100 countries and include small, medium and large enterprises and government organizations across a wide range of industries, including financial services, government, manufacturing, retail, technology, education, healthcare and telecommunications. An end-customer deployment may involve as few as one or as many as dozens of different types of integrated products and services from across our broad portfolio that spans secure networking, unified SASE, and security operations. Depending on the solution or form factor purchased, customers may also access our products via the cloud through our data centers and PoPs, third-party colocations and cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services, 5 Table of Contents Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud. Often, our customers also purchase our FortiGuard and other security subscription services and FortiCare technical support services. Refer to Note 15. Segment Information in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for distributor customers accounted for 10% or more of our revenue or net accounts receivable. Sales and Marketing We primarily sell our products and services through a two-tier distribution model. We sell to distributors that sell to resellers and to service providers and managed security service providers ( MSSPs ), who, in turn, sell products and/or services to end-customers. In certain cases, we sell directly to large service providers, major systems integrators and large end users. We work with many technology distributors, including Arrow Electronics, Inc., Exclusive, Ingram Micro, and TD Synnex. In addition, we provide our cloud-based subscription offerings through Fortinet-owned data centers and PoPs, as well as data centers operated under colocation arrangements globally, and via public cloud providers. We support our channel partners with a dedicated team of experienced channel account managers, sales professionals and sales engineers who provide business planning, joint marketing strategy, pre-sales and operational sales support. Additionally, our sales teams help drive and support large enterprise and service provider sales through a direct touch model. Our sales professionals and engineers typically work closely with our channel partners and directly engage with large end-customers to address their unique security and deployment requirements. To support our broadly dispersed global channel and end-customer base, we have sales professionals in over 100 countries around the world. Our marketing strategy is focused on building our brand, driving thought leadership with emphasis on the criticality of cybersecurity platform adoption and the convergence of security and networking as well as driving end-customer demand for our security solutions. We use a combination of internal marketing professionals and our network of regional and global channel partners. Our internal marketing organization is responsible for messaging, branding, demand generation, product marketing, channel marketing, partner incentives and promotions, event marketing, digital marketing, communications, analyst relations, public relations, and sales enablement. We focus our resources on campaigns, programs, and activities that can be leveraged by partners worldwide to extend our marketing reach, such as sales tools and collateral, product awards and technical certifications, media engagement, training, regional seminars and conferences, webinars, and various other demand-generation activities. Manufacturing and Suppliers We outsource the manufacturing of our security appliance products to a variety of contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers. Our current manufacturing partners include Accton Technology ( Accton ), IBASE Technology, Inc. ( IBASE ), Micro-Star International Co. ( Micro-Star ), Senao Networks, Inc. ( Senao ), Wistron Corporation ( Wistron ), and a number of other manufacturers. Approximately 87% of our hardware is manufactured in Taiwan. We submit purchase orders to our contract manufacturers that describe the type and quantities of our products to be manufactured, the delivery date and other delivery terms. Once our products are manufactured, they are sent to either our warehouse in California, our warehouse in the Netherlands or to our logistics partner in Taoyuan City, Taiwan, where accessory packaging and quality-control testing are performed. We believe that outsourcing our manufacturing and a substantial portion of our logistics enables us to focus resources on our core competencies. Our proprietary ASICs, which are key to the performance of our appliances, are built by contract manufacturers including Toshiba America Electronic Components, Inc. ( Toshiba America ) and Renesas Electronics America, Inc. ( Renesas ). These contract manufacturers use foundries in Taiwan and Japan operated by either Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited ( TSMC ) or by the contract manufacturer itself. The components included in our products are sourced from various suppliers by us or, more frequently, by our contract manufacturers. Some of the components important to our business, including certain Central Processing Units ( CPUs ) from Intel Corporation ( Intel ) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ( AMD ), network and wireless chips from Broadcom Inc. ( Broadcom ), Marvell Technology Group Ltd. ( Marvell ), Qualcomm Incorporated ( Qualcomm ) and Intel and memory devices from Intel, Micron Technology ( Micron ), ADATA Technology Co., Ltd. ( ADATA ), Toshiba Corporation ( Toshiba ), Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. ( Samsung ), and Western Digital Technologies, Inc. ( Western Digital ), are available from limited or sole sources of supply. We have no long-term contracts related to the manufacturing of our ASICs or other components that guarantee any capacity or pricing terms. Additionally, we manage global memory component supply through diversified sourcing arrangements, strategic inventory planning and coordination with key supply chain partners. Memory components are obtained from multiple suppliers, and we continuously monitor availability, lead times and logistics conditions to support manufacturing continuity and delivery schedules. These actions are intended to mitigate supply volatility and maintain operational flexibility. 6 Table of Contents Our supply chain plays a critical role in providing safety for our customers and protection for our brand. Supply chain security management begins with establishing control of a qualified supplier base, which provides qualified and trusted components for use in design, development, manufacturing and post-sale product support. Our Trusted Supplier Program ( TSP ) was developed in accordance with the requirements defined in National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publications ( NIST SP ) 800-161 Supply Chain Risk Management Practices for Federal Information Systems and Organizations and other directives as periodically established by the U.S. government for securing the Information and Communication Technology Services supply chain, in response to increasing customer demand for transparency in the security of the hardware, firmware and software that is included in our products and to comply with U.S. government directives. We conduct a thorough security assessment of our key TSP partners to ensure they satisfactorily comply with applicable controls established by NIST SP 800-161, and work side by side with them to remediate gaps and monitor their security posture. Research and Development We focus our research and development efforts on developing new hardware and software products and services, and adding new features to existing products, services and operating systems. Our development strategy is to identify features, products and systems for both software and hardware that are, or are expected to be, important to our end-customers. Our success in designing, developing, manufacturing and selling new or enhanced products will depend on a variety of factors, including identification of market demand for new products or new features, components selection, timely implementation of product design and development, product performance, quality, ease of use, costs of development, bill of materials, delivery models, effective manufacturing and assembly processes and sales and marketing. Fortinet Secure Product Development Life Cycle We recognize that supply chain security is an increasingly important dimension of cybersecurity and enterprise risk management. We are committed to implementing a comprehensive approach to protecting the security and integrity of our products throughout the product design, development, manufacturing, delivery and support processes. We manage a coordinated program across our engineering, manufacturing, technical services teams, together with our suppliers and channel partners, to ensure the security of our supply chain. We develop our own Network Processors, Content Processors and System-on-Chip Application-Specific Integrated Circuits technology in-house. Our research and development is conducted primarily in the United States and Canada. We do not perform source code development or internal research and development in Russia or China. We operate a Trusted Supplier Program with a rigorous selection and qualification of manufacturing partners, adhering to National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) 800-161. We implement technical measures to prevent malware and rogue components that could compromise functionality. We provide technical support from dedicated Fortinet regional centers. We leverage application of secure development best practices (including NIST 800-53, NIST 800-160, NIST 800-218, US Executive Order 14028, and UK Telecoms Security Act). We conduct regular patch release cycles and operate a notification service to support and encourage customers to apply security patches. We pursue and maintain a broad portfolio of product and information security certifications available at the Fortinet Trust Site. 7 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We rely primarily on patent, trademark, copyright and trade secrets laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our technology. We periodically have discussions with third parties regarding licensing our intellectual property ( IP ) and have sometimes taken legal action against competitors to protect our IP, and as a result third parties have paid us fees in return for licenses or covenants-not-to-sue related to Fortinet IP. As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,064 U.S. and a total of 1,405 global patents, and 365 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. We also license software from third parties for inclusion in our products, including open source software and other software. Despite our efforts to protect our rights in our technology, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information and technology that we regard as proprietary. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. However, we cannot provide assurance that the steps we take will prevent misappropriation of our technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other IP rights. Third parties have asserted, are currently asserting and may in the future assert patent, copyright, trademark or other IP rights against us, our channel partners or our end-customers. Successful claims of infringement by a third-party could prevent us from distributing certain products or performing certain services or require us to pay substantial damages (including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights), royalties or other fees. Even if third parties offer a license to their technology, the terms of any offered license may not be acceptable and the failure to obtain a license or the costs associated with any license could cause our business, operating results or financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. In certain instances, we indemnify our end-customers, distributors and resellers against claims that our products infringe the IP of third parties. Government Regulation We are subject to regulation by various federal, state, regional, local and foreign governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, security and security certifications, product safety, product labeling, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, data privacy laws, import and export controls and tariffs, securities laws and tax laws and regulations. Many of the laws and regulations that are or may be applicable to our business are changing or being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely impact our business and additional laws and regulations applicable to our business may be enacted. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations often are uncertain, particularly in the industry in which we operate. We believe we take reasonable steps designed to ensure we are in compliance with current laws and regulations and do not expect continued compliance to have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. We continue to monitor existing and pending laws and regulations and while the impact of regulatory changes cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently expect compliance to have a material adverse effect. Seasonality For information regarding seasonality in our sales, see the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Seasonality, Cyclicality and Quarterly Revenue Trends in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition The markets for our products are extremely competitive and are characterized by rapid technological change. The principal competitive factors in our markets include: product security performance, throughput, features, effectiveness, interoperability and reliability; addition and integration of new networking and security features and technological expertise; compliance with industry standards and security and other certifications; price of products and services and total cost of ownership; 8 Table of Contents brand recognition; customer service and support across varied and complex customer segments and use cases; sales and distribution capabilities; size and financial stability; breadth of product line; form factor of the solution; and other competitive differentiators. Among others, our competitors include Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. ( Check Point ), Cisco Systems, Inc. ( Cisco ), CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ( CrowdStrike ), F5 Networks, Inc. ( F5 Networks ), Hewlett-Packard Enterprise ( HPE ), Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. ( Huawei ), Microsoft Corporation ( Microsoft ), Netskope Inc. ( Netskope ), Palo Alto Networks, Inc. ( Palo Alto Networks ), SonicWALL, Inc. ( SonicWALL ), Sophos Group Plc ( Sophos ) and Zscaler, Inc. ( Zscaler ). We believe we compete favorably based on our products security performance, throughput, reliability, breadth and ability to work together, our ability to add and integrate new networking and security features and our technological expertise. Several competitors are significantly larger, have greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution, customer support and other resources, are more established than we are, and have significantly better brand recognition. Some of these larger competitors have substantially broader product offerings and leverage their relationships based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our products. Other, often smaller competitors, may intensely focus on a small group of point solutions and be positioned as a leader in discrete technologies that we compete with. Based in part on these competitive pressures, we may lower prices or attempt to add incremental features and functionalities to our products. Conditions in our markets could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements, market consolidation or de-consolidation, supply chain constraints, price list or discount changes or inflation. The development and market acceptance of alternative technologies could decrease the demand for our products or render them obsolete. Our competitors may introduce products that are less costly, provide superior performance, are better marketed, or achieve greater market acceptance than our products. Additionally, our larger competitors often have broader product lines and are better positioned to withstand a significant reduction in capital spending by end-customers, and will therefore not be as susceptible to downturns in a particular market. The above competitive pressures are likely to continue to impact our business. We may not be able to compete successfully in the future, and competition may harm our business. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2025, our total headcount was 15,109 employees, approximately 30% of whom were employed in the United States, approximately 20% of whom were employed in Canada and approximately 50% of whom were employed outside of the United States and Canada, primarily in Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ), consistent with our customer base. We do not own any manufacturing or research and development activities in China. Our employees are the foundation of our innovation and cybersecurity leadership for the benefit of our customers. We understand there is a shortage of highly skilled employees for security companies like ours, and we believe that our success and competitive advantage depends largely on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled employees. We believe we offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits, and we encourage a merit-based and inclusive culture. Our compensation programs for our employees include base pay, incentive compensation, opportunities for equity ownership where local statutes allow and employee benefits that promote well-being across different aspects of our employees lives, which may include health and welfare insurance, retirement benefits and paid time off. As a global company, we value diversity of experience, skills and backgrounds across our workforce. Such commitment starts at the top, with a highly skilled and diverse board of directors. As of December 31, 2025 , women represented approximately 40% of the members of our board of directors, and approximately 60% o f our board of directors was from underrepresented communities. 9 Table of Contents We are also committed to community engagement and social responsibility with regards to our employees and beyond, and our board of directors has active oversight of such initiatives. Examples of our initiatives focused on our employees include our company matching program for employee charitable contributions, paid volunteering days (where applicable) and the free security training programs we offer to help with career development for our employees, in addition to the general public. Our culture is defined by our commitment to ethics and integrity. We reinforce our ethical tone at the top through clear policies including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, regular compliance training for our employees, quarterly meetings of our cross-functional Ethics Committee, clear messaging from our executives, enforcement of company policies and oversight by our board of directors. In addition, our Chief Executive Officer regularly communicates the importance of our core values of openness, teamwork and innovation. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Our employees in certain European and Latin American countries, however, have the right to be represented by external labor organizations if they maintain up-to-date union membership. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Corporate Sustainability We are committed to responsible corporate sustainability practices and having a positive impact on the sustainability of our society and planet. We are a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices World and North America, and report to both Carbon Disclosure Project ( CDP ) and Ecovadis. Our approach to corporate sustainability is based on a strong corporate governance structure, starting with the Governance and Social Responsibility Committee (the GSR Committee ) of our board of directors, which provides oversight of our Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) strategy, initiatives and execution related to corporate sustainability matters. Our senior leadership sponsors the integration of CSR priorities via a CSR Committee, comprised of cross-functional team of senior leaders that drives CSR initiatives and functionality across the company including engaging with internal and external stakeholders to lead CSR execution, communications and disclosure via an annual Sustainability Report. We recognize that environmental considerations such as climate change, resource scarcity and the energy crisis are top priorities for the future of our planet. We are committed to helping address climate change impacts and minimizing the environmental footprint of our solutions, operations and our broader value chain. We have completed our validation process and have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiatives for a near-term target. We are engaged on a decarbonization path to reach zero emissions for our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030. In 2025, we maintained the ISO 14001 certification we obtained in 2023 for our largest company-owned warehouse in Union City, California, and have continued to be a leader on energy efficiency with the launch of our SP5 ASIC and our FortiGate-90G model. We have been certified to Environmental Product Declarations for our FortiGate 50G family. We also disclose our Scope 3 emissions, across all 12 relevant categories, as part of our annual reporting on sustainability. We are committed to empower individuals within our organization and across the security industry to reach their full potential. We continue to focus on skilling, upskilling and reskilling individuals. As part of our Education Outreach Program, which focuses on creating a more diverse cybersecurity talent pool, we launched the Veterans Program Advisory Council to help build on the Veterans Program s success in providing more cybersecurity training pathways for military veterans across the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. We offered our Security Awareness Curriculum at no cost to primary and secondary schools across the same countries. We are involved in over 890 education partnerships across more than 100 countries and participates in public-private partnerships, including the World Economic Forum s Cybersecurity Talent Framework. Our approach to responsible business is based on strong corporate governance practices that aim to ensure accountability while meeting our responsibilities across our value chain, starting with our employees. Our board of directors regularly reviews our governance practices and in 2024 we formed our GSR committee which combined our Governance Committee with the Social Responsibility Committee to GSR Committee. Our Codes of Conduct apply to employees, partners and suppliers, and we have compliance trainings and controls in place. We have a risk management committee and steering committee to further enhance our anti-corruption program and we employ a thorough screening process for partners and suppliers, including continuous monitoring in high-risk zones, and resolution process for risk mitigation. Available Information Our website is located at https://www.fortinet.com, and our investor relations website is located at https://investor.fortinet.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such 10 Table of Contents material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). You may also access all of our public filings through the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events and press and earnings releases, as part of our investor relations website. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following risks and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline substantially, and investors may lose some or all of their investment. We have summarized risks immediately below and encourage investors to carefully read the entirety of this Risk Factors section. Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Position Our operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable. Our operating results have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to do so as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control or may be difficult to predict, including: adverse economic conditions, including macroeconomic and regional economic challenges resulting, for example, from a recession, tariffs, disruptions of global supply chains or other economic downturn, increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, changing interest rates, the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East or other factors; policy changes and uncertainty with respect to immigration laws, trade policy and tariffs, including increased tariffs applicable to countries where we manufacture our products, foreign imports and tax laws related to international commerce; sales strategy, productivity, hiring and retention, and execution, and our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and services to our existing end-customers, including customer demand for platform solutions like ours versus point solutions; our ability to successfully anticipate market changes related to cloud-based solutions and to sell, support and meet service level agreements related to cloud-based solutions; component shortages, including chips and other components, and product inventory shortages, including those caused by factors outside of our control, such as international trade disputes or tariffs, labor or supply chain disruptions, inflation and other cost increases, international conflicts, terrorism, wars, such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, critical infrastructure attacks, natural disasters, health emergencies, epidemics and pandemics, power outages and civil unrest; inventory management, including future inventory purchase commitments; the level of demand for our products and services, which may render forecasts inaccurate, increase backlog or future inventory purchase commitments and lead to price decreases; supplier or regulatory cost increases and any lack of market acceptance of our price increases designed to help offset any supplier or regulatory cost increases; the timing of channel partner and end-customer orders and our reliance on a concentration of shipments at the end of each quarter or changes in shipping terms; the impact to our business, the global economy, disruption of global supply chains and creation of significant volatility and disruption of the financial markets due to factors such as tariffs and policy disputes, increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, changing interest rates, the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East and other factors; defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, as well as reputational harm from the failure or misuse of our products or services, and any actual or perceived defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, failure of our products or services 12 Table of Contents to detect or prevent a security incident or to cause a disruption to operations, failure of our customers to implement preventative actions such as updates to one of our deployed solutions or failure to help secure our customers; compromising of our internal enterprise IT networks, our operational networks, our research and development networks, our back-end labs and cloud stacks hosted in our data centers or PoPs, colocation vendors or public cloud providers, and resulting harm to public perception of our products and services; the timing of shipments, which may depend on factors such as inventory levels, logistics, manufacturing or shipping delays, our ability to ship products on schedule and our ability to accurately forecast inventory requirements and our suppliers ability to deliver components and finished goods; increased expenses, unforeseen liabilities or write-downs and any negative impact on results of operations from any acquisition or equity investment, as well as integration risks related to product plans and products and risks of negative impact by such acquisitions and equity investments on our financial results; investors expectations of our operational performance relating to our sustainability commitments; certain customer agreements which contain service-level agreements, under which we guarantee specified availability of our platform and solutions; inconsistent and evolving data and other security requirements and enforcement across certain jurisdictions; impairments as a result of certain events or changes in circumstances; the mix of products sold and the mix of revenue between products and services, as well as the degree to which products and services are bundled and sold together for a package price; the purchasing practices and budgeting cycles of our channel partners and end-customers, including the effect of the end of product lifecycles, refresh cycles or price decreases; any decreases in demand by channel partners or end-customers, including any such decreases caused by factors outside of our control such as international trade disputes or tariffs, labor or supply chain disruptions, inflation and other cost increases, international conflicts, terrorism, wars, such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, critical infrastructure attacks, natural disasters, health emergencies, epidemics and pandemics, power outages and civil unrest; the effectiveness of our sales organization, generally or in a particular geographic region, including the time it takes to hire sales personnel, the timing of hiring and our ability to hire and retain effective sales personnel, our efforts to align our sales capacity and productivity with market demand and any negative impact to our sales and the effectiveness of our sales team based on changes to sales compensation or to our sales compensation plan; sales productivity and sales execution risk related to effectively selling to all segments of the market, including enterprise and small- and medium-sized businesses, government organizations and service providers, and to selling our broad security product and services portfolio, including, among other execution risks, risks associated with the complexity and distraction in selling to all segments, increased competition and unpredictability of timing to close larger enterprise and large organization deals, and the risk that our sales representatives do not effectively sell products and services; execution risk associated with our efforts to capture the opportunities related to our identified growth drivers, such as risk associated with our ability to capitalize on the convergence of networking and security, vendor consolidation of various cyber security solutions, SD-WAN, infrastructure security, security operations, SASE and other cloud security solutions, endpoint protection, IoT and OT security opportunities and product refresh cycles; the seasonal buying patterns of our end-customers; 13 Table of Contents our backlog may fluctuate over quarters. If we experience supply chain shortages and cannot fulfill orders or if customers cancel or delay delivery of orders, our backlog may be affected, which will negatively impact our aggregate backlog to billings conversion and revenue in such quarter. Generally, a reduction to backlog increases our aggregate billings and revenue during the quarter when delivered; the timing and level of our investments in sales and marketing, and the impact of such investments on our operating expenses, operating margin and the productivity, capacity, tenure and effectiveness of execution of our sales and marketing teams; the timing of revenue recognition for our sales, including any impacts resulting from extension of payment terms and fluctuations in backlog levels, which could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results; the level of perceived threats to network security, which may fluctuate from period to period; changes in the requirements, market needs or buying practices and patterns of our distributors, resellers or end-customers; changes in the growth rates of the network security market in particular and other security and networking markets, such as SD-WAN, OT, switches, access points, security operations, SASE and other cloud solutions for which we and our competitors sell products and services; the timing and success of new product and service introductions or enhancements by us or our competitors, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors, partners or end-customers; the deferral of orders from distributors, resellers or end-customers in anticipation of new products or product enhancements announced by us or our competitors, price decreases or changes in our registration policies, or the acceleration of orders in response to our announced or expected price list increases, including those related to tariffs; increases in our expenses caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or a weakening of the U.S. dollar, as a significant portion of our expenses are incurred and paid in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and such fluctuations may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations; compliance with existing laws and regulations; our ability to obtain and maintain permits, clearances and certifications that are applicable to our ability to conduct business with the U.S. federal government, other foreign and local governments and other industries and sectors; litigation, litigation fees and costs, settlements, judgments and other equitable and legal relief granted related to litigation; the impact of cloud-based and hosted security solutions, including increased demand for such services and uncertainty associated with transition to providing such services, on our billings, revenue, operating margins and free cash flow; decisions by potential end-customers to purchase network security solutions from newer technology providers, from larger, more established security vendors or from their primary network equipment vendors; price competition and increased competitiveness in our market, including the competitive pressure caused by product refresh cycles and inventory levels; our ability to both increase revenue and manage and control operating expenses in order to maintain or improve our operating margins; changes in customer renewal rates or attach rates for our services; 14 Table of Contents changes in the timing of our billings, collection for our contracts or the contractual term of service sold; changes in our estimated annual effective tax rates and the tax treatment of research and development expenses and the related impact of cash from operations; changes in circumstances and challenges in business conditions, including decreased demand, which may negatively impact our channel partners ability to sell the current inventory they hold and negatively impact their future purchases of products from us; potential shift or migration from physical appliances that deliver on-premises network security to cloud and SaaS-based security services; our channel partners having insufficient financial resources to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions; disruptions in our channel or termination of our relationship with important channel partners, including as a result of consolidation among distributors and resellers of security solutions; insolvency, credit or other difficulties confronting our key suppliers and channel partners, which could affect their ability to purchase or pay for products and services and which could disrupt our supply or distribution chain; political, economic and social instability, including geo-political instability and uncertainty, such as that caused by the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, and any disruption or negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship product to and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions; general economic conditions, both in domestic and foreign markets; future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies as well as the significant costs that may be incurred to adopt and comply with these new pronouncements; possible impairments or acceleration of depreciation of our existing real estate due to our current real estate investments and future acquisition and development plans; and legislative or regulatory changes, such as with respect to privacy, information and cybersecurity, exports, the environment, regional component bans, and requirements for local manufacturing. Any one of the factors above or the cumulative effect of some of the factors referred to above may result in significant fluctuations in our quarterly financial and other operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in failing to meet our internal operating plan or the expectations of securities analysts or investors for any period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our shares could fall substantially and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. In addition, a significant percentage of our operating expenses are fixed in nature over the near term. Accordingly, in the event of revenue shortfalls, we are generally unable to mitigate the negative impact on margins in the short term. Adverse economic conditions, such as a possible recession and possible impacts of inflation or stagflation, tariffs or other trade disruptions, changing interest rates, reduced information technology spending, including firewall and other security spending, or any economic downturn or recession, may adversely impact our business. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. In addition, the purchase of our products is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. Weak global and regional economic conditions and spending environments, based on a downturn in the economy, a possible recession and the effects of ongoing or increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, tariffs or other trade disruptions, changing interest rates, geopolitical instability and uncertainty, a reduction in information technology spending regardless of macroeconomic conditions, the effects of epidemics and pandemics and the impact of the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan or conflicts in the Middle East could have a material adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations and our business, including resulting in longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products and services, increased component costs, higher default rates among our channel partners, reduced 15 Table of Contents unit sales, lower prices and slower or declining growth. These can negatively impact our business by putting downward pressure on growth if we are unable to achieve the increases in product prices necessary to appropriately offset the additional costs in a manner sufficient to maintain margins. Any of these impacts may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. The existence of inflation in certain economies has resulted in, and may continue to result in, changing interest rates and capital costs, increased component or shipping costs, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. Although we take measures to mitigate risks such as those associated with inflation, the mitigating measures may not be effective or their impact may not offset the increased cost of inflation in a timely manner. Inflation, an economic downturn, a recession and any other economic challenges may also adversely impact spending patterns by our distributors, resellers and end-customers. Any efforts to withdraw from or materially modify international trade agreements, change tax provisions related to global manufacturing and sales or impose new tariffs, economic sanctions or related legislation, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Given the international nature of our operations, efforts to withdraw from or materially modify international trade agreements, or to change corporate tax policy related to international commerce, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations as could the continuing uncertainty regarding whether such actions will be taken. Moreover, efforts to implement changes related to export or import regulations (including the imposition of new or increases in border taxes or tariff rates, changes in customs or tariffs classifications or modifications to tariff exemptions on foreign imports), trade barriers, economic sanctions and other related policies could harm our results of operations. While we do not currently expect tariffs to have a significant effect on our raw material and product import costs, if the United States expands increased tariffs, changes in customs or tariffs classifications or modifications to tariff exemptions or if retaliatory trade measures are taken by other countries in response to the U.S. tariffs, the cost of our products could increase, our operations could be disrupted or we could be required to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers and harm to our reputation and operating performance. U.S. tariffs, and any new or additional retaliatory tariffs that may be imposed by foreign countries, may also adversely affect our customers and, consequently, demand for our products. We are monitoring this evolving situation and there can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate the impacts of any trade measures on our business, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, financial condition, and our stock price. Any modification in these areas, any shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or any change in the countries, administrations, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential end-customers with international operations and could result in increased costs. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our billings, revenue and free cash flow growth, including our product and service billings and revenue, may slow, and our operating margins may decline, particularly if our billings and revenue do not improve or grow as anticipated, or if customer demand, renewal rates, pricing, competitive dynamics, implementation timing, cost structure, or macroeconomic conditions adversely affect our business, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. We may experience slowing growth or a decrease in billings, revenue, operating margin and free cash flow for a number of reasons, including a slowdown in pipeline growth or for demand for our products or services generally, a shift in demand from products to services, decrease in services revenue growth, increased competition, execution challenges including sales execution challenges and lack of optimal sales productivity, worldwide or regional economic challenges based on inflation or possible stagflation, a regional recession or a recession in the global economy, changing interest rates, as a result of regional conflicts, a decrease in the growth of our overall market or softness in demand in certain geographies or industry verticals, such as the service provider industry, changes in our strategic opportunities, execution risks, lower sales productivity and our failure for any reason to continue to capitalize on sales and growth opportunities due to other risks identified in the risk factors described in this periodic report. Our expenses as a percentage of total revenue may be higher than expected if our revenue is lower than expected. If our investments in sales and marketing and other functional areas do not result in expected billings and revenue growth, we may experience margin declines. In addition, we may not be able to sustain our historical profitability levels in future periods if we fail to increase billings, revenue or deferred revenue, and do not appropriately manage our cost structure, free cash flow, or encounter unanticipated liabilities. As a result, any failure by us to maintain profitability and margins and continue our billings, revenue and free cash flow growth could cause the price of our common stock to materially decline. 16 Table of Contents Our real estate investments, including construction, acquisition, development or leasing of new data centers, data center expansions or office buildings, could involve significant risks to our business. In order to sustain our growth in certain of our existing and new markets, we may acquire or expand existing data centers, lease new facilities or acquire suitable land, with or without structures, to build new data centers or office buildings. These projects expose us to risks which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The current global supply chain and inflation issues have exacerbated many of these construction risks and created additional risks for our business. Some of the risks associated with construction projects include: construction delays; lack of availability and delays for data center equipment, including items such as generators and switchgear; unexpected budget changes; increased prices for and delays in obtaining building supplies, raw materials and data center equipment; labor availability, labor disputes and work stoppages with contractors, subcontractors and other third parties; unanticipated environmental or regulatory issues and geological problems; delays related to permitting and approvals to open from public agencies and utility companies; unexpected lack of power access or unexpected increases in power needs or connectivity; failure or inability for any reason to meet customer requirements and service level agreements, and any resulting penalties or liabilities related thereto; investor expectations regarding sustainability; delays in site readiness leading to our failure to meet commitments made to customers; and unanticipated customer requirements that would necessitate alternative data center design, making our sites less desirable or leading to increased costs in order to make necessary modifications or retrofits. All construction-related projects require us to carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more designers, general contractors and associated subcontractors during the design and construction process. Should a designer, general contractor, significant subcontractor or key supplier experience financial problems or other problems during the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns. We have broad insurance programs covering our properties and operating activities with limits of liability, deductibles and self-insured retentions that we believe are comparable to similarly situated companies. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits of these policies are adequate and appropriate. There are, however, certain types of extraordinary losses which may not be adequately covered under our insurance program. In addition, we could sustain losses due to insurance deductibles, self-insured retention, uninsured claims or casualties or losses in excess of applicable coverage. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property. In such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. Material losses in excess of insurance proceeds may occur in the future. Such events could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in that property. Those laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not cause or know of the presence of hazardous or toxic substances and even if the storage of those substances was in violation of a customer s lease. In addition, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure of the owner to address their presence on the property, may adversely affect the owner s ability to borrow using that real property as collateral. Any environmental issues related to our real estate activities could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Our future performance depends on the continued services and continuing contributions of our senior management to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of members of senior management, particularly Ken Xie, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, or Michael Xie, our Co-Founder, President and Chief Technology Officer, or of any of our senior sales leaders or functional area leaders, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives. The loss of the services or the distraction of our senior management for any reason could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on third-party channel partners for substantially all of our revenue. If our partners fail to perform, our ability to sell our products and services will be limited, and if we fail to optimize our channel partner model going forward, our operating results may be harmed. Additionally, a small number of distributors represents a large percentage of our revenue and accounts receivable, and one distributor accounted for 32% of our total net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2025. A significant portion of our sales are generated through a limited number of distributors, and substantially all of our revenue is from sales by our channel partners, including distributors and resellers. We depend on our channel partners to generate a significant portion of our sales opportunities and to manage our sales process. To the extent our channel partners are unsuccessful in selling our products, or if we are unable to enter into arrangements with and retain a sufficient number of high-quality channel partners in each of the regions in which we sell products, we are unable to keep them motivated to sell our products, or our channel partners shift focus to other vendors and/or our competitors, our ability to sell our products and operating results may be harmed. The termination of our relationship with any significant channel partner may adversely impact our sales and operating results. If we change our partner strategy, such as if we start engaging in more sales directly with customers, and if we terminate partners or partners terminate or reduce selling on our behalf based on changes in our strategy or for any other reason, this could harm our results. In addition, a small number of channel partners represents a large percentage of our revenue and gross accounts receivable. We are exposed to the credit and liquidity risk of some of our channel partners and to credit exposure in weakened markets, which could result in material losses. Our dependence on a limited number of key channel partners means that our billings, revenue and operating results may be harmed by the inability of these key channel partners to successfully sell our products and services, or if any of these key channel partners is unable or unwilling to pay us, terminates its relationship with us or goes out of business. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate credit and liquidity risks, we cannot guarantee these programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks. If we are unable to adequately control these risks, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. If channel partners fail to pay us under the terms of our agreements or we are otherwise unable to collect on our accounts receivable from these channel partners, we may be adversely affected both from the inability to collect amounts due and the cost of enforcing the terms of our contracts, including litigation. Our channel partners may seek bankruptcy protection or other similar relief and fail to pay amounts due to us, or pay those amounts more slowly, either of which could adversely affect our operating results, financial position, and cash flow. We may be further impacted by consolidation of our existing channel partners. In such instances, we may experience changes to our overall business and operational relationships due to dealing with a larger combined entity, and our ability to maintain such relationships on favorable contractual terms may be more limited. We may also become increasingly dependent on a more limited number of channel partners, as consolidation increases the relative proportion of our business for which each channel partner is responsible, which may magnify the risks described in the preceding paragraphs. Six distributor customers who purchase directly from us accounted for 67% and 69% of our total net accounts receivable in the aggregate as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. See Note 15. Segment Information in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for distributor customers accounted for 10% or more of our revenue or net accounts receivable. Our largest distributors may experience financial difficulties, face liquidity risk or other financial challenges, which may harm our ability to collect on our accounts receivable. We provide channel partners with specific programs to assist them with selling our products but there can be no assurance that these programs will be effective. In addition, our channel partners may be unsuccessful in marketing, selling and supporting our products and services and may purchase more inventory than they can sell. Our channel partners generally do not have minimum purchase requirements. Some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions. Moreover, many of our channel partners are privately held, including some of our largest partners, and we may not have sufficient information to assess their financial condition. If our channel partners financial condition or operations weaken, their ability to sell our products and services could be negatively impacted. Our channel partners may also market, sell and support products and services that are competitive with ours, and may devote more resources to the marketing, sales and support of such products, or may decide to cease selling our products and services 18 Table of Contents altogether in favor of a competitor s products and services. They may also have incentives to promote our competitors products to the detriment of our own, or they may cease selling our products altogether. We cannot ensure that we will retain these channel partners or that we will be able to secure additional or replacement partners or that existing channel partners will continue to perform. The loss of one or more of our significant channel partners or the failure to obtain and ship a number of large orders each quarter through them could harm our operating results. Any new sales channel partner will require extensive training and may take several months or more to achieve productivity. Our channel partner sales structure could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational harm if, for example, any of our channel partners misrepresent the functionality of our products or services to end-customers, our service provider customers suffer a cyber event impacting end-users, or our channel partners violate laws or our corporate policies. Additionally, if our channel partners experience issues such as cyberattacks or other operational disruptions, it could negatively impact our ability to receive orders from them and, among other things, may adversely affect our billings and revenue. We depend on our global channel partners to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. If we fail to optimize our channel partner model or fail to manage existing sales channels, our business will be seriously harmed. Reliance on a concentration of shipments at the end of the quarter or changes in shipping terms could cause our billings and revenue to fall below expected levels. As a result of customer buying patterns and the efforts of our sales force and channel partners to meet or exceed quarterly quotas, we have historically received a substantial portion of each quarter s sales orders and generated a substantial portion of each quarter s billings and revenue during the last two weeks of the quarter. We typically arrange for a logistics partner to pick up the last shipment of our products a few hours prior to the end of the quarter, and a delay in the arrival of the logistics partner or other factors such as a power outage could prevent us from shipping and billing for a material amount of products for which we have orders. Further, it is possible that the dollar value of these products intended to be shipped late on the last day of the quarter may be material. Additionally, our service billings are dependent on the completion of certain automated processes by our internal business management systems, some of which cannot be performed until after the related products have been shipped. If we do not have enough time after shipping our products for our systems to perform these processes prior to the end of the quarter, we have system issues that prevent processing in time to realize service billings in a quarter, or there are delays in deals closing or deals are lost, we will not be able to bill and realize billings for those services until possibly the following quarter at the earliest, which may materially negatively impact our billings for a particular quarter. We implemented a cloud-based quoting tool to help provide our sales team with the ability to have faster quote generation, reduce quote errors and increase sales productivity. Our ability to integrate the data from this tool into our order processing may cause order processing delays that could have an effect on our financial results. Our billings and revenue for any quarter could fall below our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price, if expected orders at the end of any quarter are delayed or deals are lost for any reason or our ability to fulfill orders at the end of any quarter is hindered for any reason, including, among others: the failure of anticipated purchase orders to materialize; our logistics partners failure or inability to ship products prior to quarter-end to fulfill purchase orders received near the end of the quarter; disruption in manufacturing or shipping based on power outages, system failures, labor disputes or constraints, excessive demand, natural disasters, geopolitical matters or widespread public health problems including pandemics and epidemics; our failure to accurately forecast our inventory requirements and to appropriately manage inventory to meet demand; our inability to release new products on schedule; any failure of our systems related to order review and processing; and any delays in shipments due to trade compliance requirements, labor disputes or logistics changes at shipping ports, airline strikes, severe weather or otherwise. 19 Table of Contents We rely significantly on revenue from FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services, and revenue from these services may decline or fluctuate. Because we recognize revenue from these services over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales of FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results. Our FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue has historically accounted for a significant percentage of our total revenue. Revenue from the sale of new, or from the renewal of existing, FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts may decline and fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations and changes in the mix of our sales from secure networking, unified SASE and security operations between products and services, end-customers level of satisfaction with our products and services, the prices of our products and services, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors, reductions in our customers spending levels and the timing of revenue recognition with respect to such sales. If our sales of new, or renewals of existing, FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts decline, our revenue and revenue growth may decrease and our business could suffer. In addition, in the event significant customers require payment terms for FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services in arrears or for shorter periods of time than annually, such as monthly or quarterly, this may negatively impact our billings and revenue. Furthermore, we recognize FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue ratably over the term of the service period, which is typically from one to five years. As a result, much of the FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue we report each quarter is the recognition of deferred revenue from FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts entered into during previous quarters or years. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts in any one quarter will not be fully reflected in revenue in that quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales of new, or renewals of existing, FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services is not reflected in full in our statements of income until future periods. Our FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional service sales in any period, as revenue from new and renewal support services contracts must be recognized over the applicable service term. We face intense competition in our market and we may not maintain or improve our competitive position. The market for network security products is intensely competitive and dynamic, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We face many competitors across the different cybersecurity markets. Our competitors include companies such as Check Point, Cisco, CrowdStrike, F5 Networks, HPE, Huawei, Microsoft, Netskope, Palo Alto Networks, SonicWALL, Sophos, and Zscaler. Some of our existing and potential competitors competitive advantages include: greater name recognition and/or longer operating histories; larger sales and marketing budgets and resources; broader distribution and established relationships with distribution partners and end-customers; access to larger customer bases; greater customer support resources; greater expertise in certain single point solutions; greater resources to make acquisitions; stronger U.S. government relationships; lower labor and development costs; and substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. In addition, certain of our larger competitors may have broader product offerings, and leverage their relationships based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our products. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus, and are in a better position to withstand any significant reduction in capital spending by end-customers in these markets. Therefore, these competitors will not be as susceptible to downturns in a particular market. Also, many of our smaller competitors that specialize 20 Table of Contents in providing protection from a single type of security threat are often able to deliver these specialized security products to the market more quickly than we can. Conditions in our markets could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements or continuing market consolidation. Our competitors and potential competitors may also be able to develop products or services, and leverage new business models, that are equal or superior to ours, achieve greater market acceptance of their products and services, disrupt our markets, and increase sales by utilizing different distribution channels than we do. For example, certain of our competitors are focusing on delivering security services from the cloud which include cloud-based security providers, such as CrowdStrike and Zscaler. In addition, current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources, and new competitors may arise pursuant to acquisitions of network security companies or divisions. As a result of such acquisitions, competition in our market may continue to increase and our current or potential competitors might be able to adapt more quickly to new technologies and customer needs, devote greater resources to the promotion or sale of their products and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily, or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. In addition, our competitors may bundle products and services competitive with ours with other products and services. Customers may accept these bundled products and services rather than separately purchasing our products and services. As our customers refresh the security products bought in prior years, they may seek to consolidate vendors, which may result in current customers choosing to purchase products from our competitors on an ongoing basis. Due to budget constraints or economic downturns, organizations may be more willing to incrementally add solutions to their existing network security inf