=== EA_2025-06-24.htm.gz ===
Electronic Arts Inc. - DEF 14A false 0000712515 DEF 14A 0000712515 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 2020-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 2023-04-01 2024-03-31 0000712515 2020-04-01 2024-03-31 0000712515 2022-04-01 2023-03-31 0000712515 2020-04-01 2023-03-31 0000712515 2021-04-01 2022-03-31 0000712515 2020-04-01 2022-03-31 0000712515 2020-04-01 2021-03-31 0000712515 EA:DeductSummaryCompensationTableStockAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 ecd:PeoMember EA:AddYearEndValueOfUnvestedEquityGrantedInYearMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 ecd:PeoMember EA:AddChangeInValueOfUnvestedAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 ecd:PeoMember EA:AddChangeInValueOfVestedEquityGrantedInPriorYearsMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember EA:DeductSummaryCompensationTableStockAwardsMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember EA:AddYearEndValueOfUnvestedEquityGrantedInYearMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember EA:AddChangeInValueOfUnvestedAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember EA:AddChangeInValueOfVestedEquityGrantedInPriorYearsMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 1 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 2 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000712515 3 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Electronic Arts Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Our Ongoing Values At EA, our ongoing values are the foundations of our shared culture. Our ongoing values motivate us. Unite us. Inspire us. Creativity Pioneering Passion Striving to bring imagination, original ideas, and excitement to everything we do. Acting with the curiosity and courage that it takes to experiment, innovate and lead. We are at our best when we pursue what we love, and have fun doing it. Determination Learning Teamwork Bringing focus, drive and conviction to our actions. Thriving on the journey and being motivated to achieve excellence. Listening, having humility and being open to new ways of thinking, and looking with a lens of inclusion. Challenging ourselves to grow and change as a company. Committed to each other, and to the accountability and integrity it takes to be a successful team. Table of Contents Letter from our CEO and Board Chair On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for your investment in Electronic Arts. At Electronic Arts, we inspire the world to play. Over the past year, our teams have continued to deliver on our mission, producing games and experiences that inspire hundreds of millions of players around the world. Amid a shifting environment, we remain well-positioned to shape the future of entertainment. I am extremely proud of our teams and their commitment and determination throughout fiscal year 2025. STRATEGIC PILLARS As entertainment continues to become more social and connected, EA is executing across our three strategic pillars to (1) create content and experiences that entertain and engage massive online communities, (2) tell blockbuster stories, and (3) harness the power of community in, around, and beyond our games. Leveraging our portfolio, we engage some of the biggest online communities in the world. We re also working to expand beyond the bounds of our games, building new tools to encourage community-driven creation. And longer term, we re scaling our generative A.I. efforts to transform the gaming experience and create new forms of interactive entertainment. FISCAL 2025 HIGHLIGHTS During fiscal 2025 we delivered amazing games and experiences to our players and communities. We sharpened our operational discipline, strengthened execution and delivered long-term value to our stockholders. We acted quickly to changing market dynamics within our EA SPORTS FC franchise, delivering updates to the game that reaffirmed its position as one of the world s largest entertainment platforms. We reintroduced EA SPORTS College Football to incredible success, far exceeding expectations. Our American Football ecosystem delivered over a billion dollars in net bookings in fiscal year 2025. In total, our teams delivered the biggest net bookings year ever for EA SPORTS. Beyond sports, our entertainment pipeline is one of the strongest ever. Our Sims franchise exceeded expectations for the fiscal year driven by strong demand for creator-built content, mobile engagement and community connection. Through Battlefield Labs, we took a modern, player-first approach to building, testing and marketing the next Battlefield. We re engaging players earlier and more meaningfully than ever before and applying those learnings from the community to the game. We can t wait for the community to experience the finished product. We also continued our strong track-record of returning capital to stockholders, executing a $1 billion accelerated stock repurchase program, in addition to our regular stock repurchase activity and quarterly dividends. In total, we returned $2.7 billion to stockholders during the fiscal year. EXPERIENCED BOARD TO OVERSEE OUR STRATEGY We have an experienced and engaged Board of Directors with a complementary set of skills, industry experience and backgrounds that support the oversight of our long-term strategy. We believe these skill sets contribute to the Board s effectiveness in managing risk and providing guidance, positioning EA for long-term success in a dynamically changing business environment. As the industry evolves, the Board is focused on remaining well-positioned to provide effective oversight through prudent refreshment efforts. OUR NEXT STEPS This is an exciting time for Electronic Arts. In an increasingly uncertain and competitive environment, EA s leading IP, transformative technology, global network of passionate players, and the best creative talent in the industry uniquely positions us to lead in a rapidly evolving world. Our focus, adaptability, and strategic clarity give us the tools to thrive in any environment. At this important moment, we re optimistic about what comes next. ANDREW WILSON Chief Executive Officer and Board Chair Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time Location Who Can Vote August 14, 2025 (Thursday) Virtually at www.virtualshareholder Stockholders as of June 17, 2025 2:00 pm (Pacific) meeting.com/EA2025 are entitled to vote. Voting Items PROPOSALS To elect the eight nominees listed in the Proxy Statement to the Board of Directors to hold office for a one-year term. To conduct an advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation. To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026. FOR each director nominee FOR FOR page 61 page 62 page 63 Stockholders will also act on any other matters that may properly come before the meeting. Any action on the items of business described above may be considered at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) at the time and on the date specified above or at any time and date to which the Annual Meeting may be properly adjourned or postponed. This year, we will hold the Annual Meeting virtually. There will not be a physical location for the Annual Meeting to attend the Annual Meeting in person. We believe that holding our Annual Meeting virtually allows for a broader audience and provides a viewing and participation experience for all stockholders, regardless of geographic location. For more information on how to attend the Annual Meeting, please see page 64 of this Proxy Statement. Your vote is important. You do not need to attend the Annual Meeting to vote if you have submitted your proxy in advance of the meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read this Proxy Statement and submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible so that your shares may be represented at the Annual Meeting. In the event of a technical malfunction or situation that makes it advisable to adjourn the Annual Meeting, the chair will convene the meeting at 2:30 p.m. Pacific Time on August 14, 2025 at the Company s principal business address solely for the purpose of adjourning the meeting to reconvene at a date, time and location announced by the meeting chair. If this happens, more information will be provided at https://ir.ea.com. By Order of the Board of Directors, JACOB J. SCHATZ EVP of Global Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary How to Vote Online Before the Meeting Telephone Mail Online at the Meeting Visit www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions provided in the Notice. Follow the instructions provided on your proxy card or voting instruction card. Submit your proxy by mail by signing your proxy card, and mail it in the enclosed, postage-paid-envelope. Attend the Annual Meeting virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ EA2025 and follow the instructions on the website. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Stockholder Meeting to Be Held on August 14, 2025. Please note that this Proxy Statement, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, is available at http://ir.ea.com . Table of Contents Table of Contents Proxy Highlights 1 Board of Directors and Corporate Governance 4 Board Nominees and Structure 4 Board s Role and Responsibilities 13 Board Policies 15 Director Compensation 16 Compensation Discussion Analysis 19 Executive Summary 19 Stockholder Engagement 22 Process for Determining Our NEOs Compensation 24 Our NEOs Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation 26 Other Compensation Practices and Policies 40 Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation 41 Executive Compensation Tables 42 Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Compensation Table 42 Fiscal Year 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 44 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year 2025 Year-End Table 46 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 49 Fiscal Year 2025 Pay Ratio 52 Pay Versus Performance Table 53 Equity Compensation Plan Information 55 Audit Matters 56 Selection and Engagement of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 56 Fees of Independent Auditors 57 Pre-approval Procedures 57 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 58 Stock Ownership Information 59 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 59 Stock Ownership Requirements 60 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 60 Insider Trading, Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies 60 Proposals to be Voted on 61 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 61 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 62 Proposal 3: Ratification of the Appointment of KPMG LLP, Independent Public Registered Accounting Firm 63 Other Information 64 Appendix A: Supplemental Information for CD A 69 In this Proxy Statement, we make forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, intend, estimate, plan, predict, seek, goal, will, may, likely, should, could, continue, potential (and the negative of any of these terms), future and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, trends in our business, projections of markets relevant to our business, our corporate responsibility initiatives (including environmental, social and impact matters), uncertain events and assumptions and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are aspirational, are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management s current expectations. Statements regarding our environmental, social and impact initiatives may also be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls that are evolving, and on assumptions that are subject to change in the future; in the context of this disclosure, they may also not be considered material for purposes of reporting with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual events or actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this Proxy Statement. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Proxy Statement; we assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. Table of Contents Proxy Highlights This summary highlights information contained in this Proxy Statement, and it is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Proxy Statement. You are encouraged to read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. In this Proxy Statement, the terms Electronic Arts , EA, we, our and the Company refer to Electronic Arts Inc. This Proxy Statement was first distributed and made available via the Internet to stockholders on or about June 24, 2025, along with the Electronic Arts Inc. Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Annual Report and form of proxy. 2025 Board Nominees The following table provides summary information about our director nominees, each of whom is a current director of the Company. Name Principal Occupation Director Since Independent Committee Memberships Mr. Kofi A. Bruce Chief Financial Officer, General Mills, Inc. 2021 A (Chair) Ms. Rachel A. Gonzalez Former General Counsel, GE Vernova Inc. 2021 NG, C Mr. Jeffrey T. Huber Founder Managing Partner, Triatomic Capital; Former CEO Vice Chairman, GRAIL, Inc. 2009 A Ms. Talbott Roche President and Chief Executive Officer, Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. 2016 C (Chair) Mr. Richard A. Simonson Managing Partner, Specie Mesa L.L.C.; Former Chief Financial Officer, Sabre Corporation 2006 A Mr. Luis A. Ubi as (Lead Independent Director*) Former President, Ford Foundation, Former Senior Partner, McKinsey Company 2010 NG (Chair) Ms. Heidi J. Ueberroth President, Globicon 2017 C Mr. Andrew Wilson (Chair) Chief Executive Officer, Electronic Arts Inc. 2013 * Elected by independent directors. A: Audit Committee C: Compensation Committee NG: Nominating and Governance Committee 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Table of Contents PROXY HIGHLIGHTS Director Attributes and Refreshment The Board of Directors routinely assesses its composition and strives to maintain complementary experiences, skills, and perspectives to oversee the Company s long-term strategic plan and drive stockholder value. When assessing potential new directors, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers the skills, background and experience of each candidate to evaluate the candidate s ability to contribute complementary perspectives to the Board of Directors and oversee EA s long-term strategy. The primary consideration is to identify candidates who will best fulfill the Board of Directors and the Company s needs at the time of the search. Therefore, the Nominating and Governance Committee does not believe it is appropriate to either nominate or exclude from nomination an individual solely based on gender, ethnicity, race, age, or similar factors. Director Nominee Age Director Nominee Tenure Director Nominee Representation Median Age 57 years old Average Age 58 years old Median Tenure 9.4 years Average Tenure 9.7 years Ethnic Representation 3 Directors Gender Representation 3 Female Directors Corporate Governance Highlights and Report Board Independence Independent director nominees 7 of 8 Independent Lead Director Luis A. Ubi as 100% Independent Board committees Yes Conflict of Interest Policy Yes Director Elections Frequency of Board elections All directors elected annually Voting standard for uncontested elections Majority of votes cast Stockholder proxy access Yes Board Operations Number of incumbent directors that attended at least 75% of all applicable meetings last year 8 of 8 Board evaluations Annual Committee evaluations Annual Director stock ownership requirement Yes, 5x annual retainer Code of Conduct applies to all Board members Yes Stockholder Rights Voting rights for all shares One share, one vote Voting rights restrictions (e.g., non-voting shares, golden shares) None Poison pill No Supermajority voting provisions None Right to call special meetings Yes, 15% threshold Stockholder Action by Written Consent Yes, 25% threshold Stockholder access to directors and officers during annual stockholders meeting Yes Robust stockholder engagement practices Yes 2 Table of Contents PROXY HIGHLIGHTS Engagement with Stockholders EA maintains a robust, year-round stockholder engagement program that allows us to solicit feedback from our stockholders on a variety of topics to help inform the Board s decision-making process. During the Spring of 2025, we offered meetings to 24 stockholders, which collectively hold approximately 64% of our outstanding stock. We held engagement meetings with every stockholder who accepted, representing approximately 36% of our outstanding stock. The Chair of our Compensation Committee participated in select discussions. During these meetings, we engaged on various topics, including our long-term strategy, executive compensation program, governance, human capital practices and sustainability efforts. These discussions provide the Board and management with invaluable perspectives, insights and feedback. We look forward to our continued dialogues with our stockholders. Leading up to our 2025 Proxy Statement Offered Meetings Engaged in Discussions Total of 24 Stockholders ~36% representing 64% of our outstanding common stock of our outstanding common stock What we discussed Business Executive Compensation Governance Environmental and Social Matters Long-term strategy and recent initiatives Compensation program structure and philosophy Board refreshment and skills Board oversight AI and Cybersecurity Culture and talent Environmental sustainability 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Table of Contents Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Board Nominees and Structure Each of the following director nominees has been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting. As set forth below, we believe each of these director nominees brings a valuable and unique perspective to the Board of Directors and has the necessary experience, skills, and attributes to serve on the Board of Directors and contribute to its overall effectiveness. The Board of Directors has concluded that each is qualified to serve as a director based on the experiences, qualifications and attributes set forth below. Kofi A. Bruce Independent Director since: 2021 Age: 54 Chief Financial Officer, General Mills, Inc. Board Committees: Audit (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: None Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: None Background and Affiliations: Chief Financial Officer, General Mills, Inc., a global manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods, 2020-present Vice President, Finance (2014-2020) and Corporate Controller (2017-2019), General Mills, Inc. Education: B.A. in International Relations, Stanford University M.B.A., University of Michigan School of Business (Ross) Key Qualifications: Mr. Bruce brings to the Board of Directors skills related to financial strategy, risk management and senior leadership from his experience as a current public company Chief Financial Officer. Prior to his appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bruce had a 20-year career in finance leadership roles, including Treasury, Accounting and Controllership functions at public companies. In present and prior roles, he gained significant experience overseeing financial statement preparation, capital allocation strategies, and the relationship with internal and external audit functions. These experiences provide Mr. Bruce with critical skills and experiences central to his role as Chair of the Audit Committee. In addition, Mr. Bruce brings to the Board of Directors his skills and experience with operational strategies and risk management associated with consumer-facing businesses with global operations. 4 Table of Contents Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Rachel A. Gonzalez Independent Director since: 2021 Age: 55 Former General Counsel of GE Vernova Inc. Board Committees: Nominating and Governance Compensation Other Public Company Directorships: None Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: Sabre Corporation Vacasa, Inc. Dana Incorporated Background and Affiliations: Former General Counsel of GE Vernova Inc., a global energy company, April 2023-May 2025 EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Starbucks Corporation, a global coffeehouse chain, April 2018-April 2022 EVP, Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary of Sabre Corporation, a global travel technology company, May 2017-April 2018 Education: B.S. degree in Comparative Literature, University of California, Berkeley JD, Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley Key Qualifications: Ms. Gonzalez s significant operational, regulatory and management experience as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at GE Vernova, Starbucks and Sabre, as well as during her time as a partner in the corporate group of Morgan, Lewis Bockius, provides in-depth skills, experience and perspective with respect to public company corporate governance, risk management, compensation practices, people programs and sustainability, and investor engagement. In addition, Ms. Gonzalez s experience at consumer-facing businesses with strong digital marketing and international operations provide valuable insight to the Board of Directors and management as they execute the Company s growth strategies. Jeffrey T. Huber Independent Director since: 2009 Age: 57 Founder Managing Partner, Triatomic Capital Board Committees: Audit Other Public Company Directorships: Upstart, Inc. Summit Therapeutics, Inc. Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: Zapata Computing, Inc. Background and Affiliations: Founder and Managing Partner of Triatomic Capital, an investment and advisory firm, January 2022 present. Founding CEO and Vice Chairman of GRAIL, Inc., a life sciences company, 2016-2021 Former Senior Vice President, Alphabet Inc., 2003-2016 Former Vice President of Architecture and Systems Development, eBay Education: B.S. degree in Computer Engineering, University of Illinois Master s degree, Harvard University Key Qualifications: Mr. Huber s experience as the founding CEO and Vice Chairman of GRAIL, Inc., his experiences at Alphabet and eBay and his service on complementary boards bring extensive operational and senior leadership skills associated with the application of rapidly changing technology, including with respect to cybersecurity risk management and the implementation of artificial intelligence technologies. In addition, Mr. Huber s experience at Alphabet and eBay provide relevant background and experience, including risk management experience, with respect to consumer online companies that deploy large-scale technological infrastructure. Mr. Huber s experience in his current role as managing partner role at Triatomic Capital provides the Board with skills associated with capital allocation and the evaluation of investment opportunities. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Talbott Roche Independent Director since: 2016 Age: 58 President and Chief Executive Officer, Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. Board Committees: Compensation (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: None Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: None Background and Affiliations: President (2010-present) and Chief Executive Officer (2016-present), Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc., a leading prepaid payment network Former Branding Consultant and Director, New Business Development, Landor Associates Director, Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. (currently private) Education: B.A. in Economics, Stanford University Key Qualifications: Ms. Roche brings to the Board of Directors extensive operational and senior leadership experience, as well as significant experience in corporate governance, risk management, compensation program design, and investor engagement as the Chief Executive Officer of a global organization, including during Blackhawk Network Holdings time as a public company. In addition, Ms. Roche s understanding and experience with digital commerce, marketing and consumer trends provide the Board of Directors with valuable perspective. Throughout Ms. Roche s career, she has been deeply involved in human capital management and leadership development, which provides our Board with insight into executive succession planning, cultural oversight, and our people programs. Richard A. Simonson Independent Director since: 2006 Age: 66 Managing Partner, Specie Mesa L.L.C.; Former CFO, Sabre Corporation, Nokia Corporation and Rearden Commerce Board Committees: Audit Other Public Company Directorships: Couchbase, Inc. Evercommerce, Inc. Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: None Background and Affiliations: Managing Partner, Specie Mesa L.L.C., an investment and advisory firm, 2018-present Former Chief Financial, Sabre Corporation, Nokia Corporation and Rearden Commerce Education: B.S. degree, Colorado School of Mines M.B.A., Wharton School of Business, University of Pennsylvania Key Qualifications: Mr. Simonson s experience as a Chief Financial Officer at three public companies provides extensive skills related to financial strategy and capital allocation, risk management, financial statement preparation, and oversight of tax, treasury and other finance-related organizations. Mr. Simonson s CFO experiences also provide the Board with insights related to the strategic and operational challenges of leading global companies. As an experienced director, and current Audit Committee Chair at two public companies, Mr. Simonson has extensive experience with corporate governance issues and trends, as well as significant experience overseeing internal and external audit functions. Mr. Simonson s current role as managing partner role at Specie Mesa L.L.C. provides skills associated with capital allocation and the evaluation of investment opportunities. 6 Table of Contents Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Luis A. Ubi as (Lead Director) Independent Director since: 2010 Age: 62 Former President, Ford Foundation; Former Senior Partner, McKinsey Company Board Committees: Nominating and Governance (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: AT T Inc. Tanger Inc. Other Trusteeships: Mercer Funds Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. FirstMark Horizon Acquisition Corp. (SPAC) Background and Affiliations: Former President, Ford Foundation Former Senior Partner, McKinsey Company Education: B.A. degree, Harvard College M.B.A., Harvard Business School Key Qualifications: Mr. Ubi as has extensive skills in business management, operations, governance, digital commerce, compensation program design and board functions from his work as an experienced board member, investor and advisor at companies across sectors. In addition, through his prior experience as a Senior Partner at McKinsey Company, he has worked with technology, telecommunications and media companies in understanding the challenges and opportunities presented by digital distribution platforms and applications. Mr. Ubi as experience as President of the Ford Foundation provides unique insight, strategic direction and oversight of our people programs and social impact efforts. Heidi J. Ueberroth Independent Director since: 2017 Age: 59 President, Globicon Board Committees: Compensation Other Public Company Directorships: None Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: Stillwater Growth Corp. (SPAC) Background and Affiliations: President, Globicon, a private investment and advisory firm focused on the media, sports, entertainment and hospitality industries, 2016 present Co-Chair, Pebble Beach Company (private) Former President, NBA International Former President, Global Marketing Partnerships and International Business Operations, NBA Education: B.A. degree, Vanderbilt University Key Qualifications: Ms. Ueberroth has extensive operational and management experience in the sports, media and entertainment industries, including with respect to developing consumer products and services in international and emerging markets. During her 19-year career with the NBA, she oversaw the league s international expansion and brings deep knowledge of television and digital media distribution, marketing and branding and strategic direction of a global company. Her active role as the co-chairman of the Pebble Beach Company and her past and present board service bring skills and experience with respect to consumer trends, the adoption of new technology, compensation program design, risk management, investor engagement, people programs and sustainability. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Table of Contents Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Andrew Wilson (Chair) Director since: 2013 Age: 50 Chief Executive Officer, Electronic Arts Inc. Board Committees: None Other Public Company Directorships: None Public Company Directorships in Past 5 Years: Intel Corporation Background and Affiliations: Chief Executive Officer, Electronic Arts Inc., 2013-present Chair of the Board, World Surf League (private) Board of Trustees, Paley Center for Media (non-profit) Key Qualifications: Mr. Wilson has served as the Company s Board Chair since 2021, Chief Executive Officer since September 2013 and has been employed by EA in several roles since 2000. Mr. Wilson s career at the Company provides the Board with extensive skills and experiences related to consumer trends, particularly within the gaming, sports and entertainment industries, the adoption of new technology, digital commerce, risk management and human capital management. A tenured executive with previous public company board service, Mr. Wilson has significant skills related to senior leadership, executive succession planning, investor engagement and corporate governance. Mr. Wilson has extensive experience and knowledge of the Company and the industry, and the Board believes it is crucial to have the perspective of the Company s Chief Executive Officer represented on the Board of Directors to provide direct insight into the Company s operations and strategic vision. 8 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Consideration of Director Nominees In evaluating director nominees to recommend to the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers the characteristics and the needs of the Board of Directors as a whole at that time and complementary skills that enhance the oversight of EA s long-term strategy. While the specific needs of the Board of Directors may change from time to time, all nominees for director are considered on the basis of the following minimum qualifications: The highest level of personal and professional ethics and integrity, including a commitment to EA s on-going values; Practical wisdom and mature judgment; Broad training and significant leadership experience in business, entertainment, technology, finance, corporate governance, public interest, sustainability, digital commerce or other disciplines relevant to EA s long-term success; Background and perspective, in the context of the requirements of the full Board at that point in time; The ability to gain an in-depth understanding of EA s business; and A willingness to represent the best interests of all EA stockholders and objectively appraise management performance. The Nominating and Governance Committee will evaluate candidates proposed by our stockholders under similar criteria and process, except that it also may consider as one of the factors in its evaluation, the amount of EA voting stock held by the stockholder and the length of time the stockholder has held such stock. A stockholder who wishes to suggest a candidate for the committee s consideration should send the candidate s name and qualifications to our Corporate Secretary. Director Time Commitments The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates each director s various time commitments annually. This review includes their primary occupation, service on other public company boards and board committees (including leadership positions), as well as service with private company boards and non-profit organizations. Following its review, the Nominating and Governance Committee has determined that, in its view, no director currently has time commitments that has prevented them or would prevent them from properly discharging their duties as directors on EA s Board of Directors. Director Independence Our Board of Directors has determined that each of our non-employee directors qualifies as an independent director as that term is used in the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and that each member of our standing committees is independent in accordance with those standards. Mr. Wilson, our CEO, does not qualify as independent. The Nasdaq Stock Market Rules have both objective tests and a subjective test for determining independence. The Board of Directors has not established categorical standards or guidelines to make these subjective determinations but considers all relevant facts and circumstances. In addition to the Board-level standards for director independence, the directors who serve on the Nominating and Governance, Audit and Compensation Committees each satisfy requirements established by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and the Nasdaq Stock Market to qualify as independent for the purposes of membership on those committees. Board Structure and Operations Board Meetings In fiscal year 2025, the Board of Directors met six times. At regularly scheduled meetings, the independent members of the Board of Directors meet in executive session separately without management present. DIRECTOR ATTENDANCE AT ANNUAL MEETING Our directors are expected to make every effort to attend the Annual Meeting. All of the eight directors who were elected at the 2024 annual meeting attended the 2024 annual meeting. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Leadership Structure The Board of Directors regularly evaluates its leadership structure and discusses Board leadership with stockholders. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Wilson serving as Chair and Mr. Ubi as serving as Lead Independent Director is the appropriate leadership structure for the Company. A strong and empowered Lead Independent Director provides an essential mechanism for independent viewpoints and accountability. Andrew Wilson Chief Executive Officer and Board Chair The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Wilson has invaluable knowledge regarding the Company and the interactive entertainment industry and is uniquely positioned to lead the Board of Directors in its review of management s strategic plans. In addition, the Board of Directors believes that Mr. Wilson s combined role enables decisive leadership, promotes clear accountability and enhances the Company s ability to communicate its strategy and message clearly and consistently to stockholders, employees and other stakeholders. With Mr. Wilson as Chief Executive Officer and Chair, the Board of Directors is focused on practices and programs that promote and facilitate independent viewpoints and strengthen effective independent oversight of management. These considerations include a strong and empowered Lead Independent Director, the current membership of the Board of Directors, which has a balanced mix of tenure and complementary experiences, skills, and perspectives that provide effective oversight of the Company s long-term strategy. The Board of Directors also believes that its Lead Independent Director position effectively balances any potential risk of concentration of authority that may exist with a combined Chair/CEO position. The Board of Directors also maintains strong standing committees, which are entirely composed of independent directors, and have empowered Chairs. Luis A. Ubi as Lead Independent Director The Board of Directors understands and values the role of independent leadership. Mr. Ubi as has served as our Lead Independent Director since 2015, and his current two-year term ends with the Annual Meeting. Mr. Ubi as was chosen by the independent directors to serve as Lead Independent Director for an additional two-year term, ending with our 2027 annual meeting, subject to Mr. Ubi as re-election to the Board of Directors. The Board of Director s decision to re-elect Mr. Ubi as took into consideration his tenure, capabilities and demonstration of leadership in the boardroom, as well as willingness and ability to serve as Lead Independent Director with the understanding that the position entails significant responsibility and time commitment. Mr. Ubi as, the Chair of our Nominating and Governance Committee, has extensive experience as a public company director and deep knowledge and understanding of governance practices and board functions from his work with companies across sectors; he also has spoken directly with several of the Company s largest investors. Mr. Ubi as plays an important role in providing institutional knowledge and brings the history of having experienced multiple lifecycles of our businesses. Given Mr. Ubi as strong qualifications and corporate governance expertise including his experience as our Lead Independent Director, the Board believes that Mr. Ubi as contributions continue to be of great value to the Board of Directors and to stockholders. The Company maintains Lead Independent Director responsibilities that provide best-in-class mechanisms for independent viewpoints and accountability. Mr. Ubi as key roles and responsibilities are contained in our Corporate Governance Guidelines which are available on our Investor Relations website at http://ir.ea.com and include: Calling special meetings of the independent directors, as needed; Presiding at meetings of the Board of Directors at which the Chair is not present, including executive sessions of the Board of Directors; Approving the agenda for Board of Directors meetings; Consulting with respect to materials provided to directors in advance and providing feedback to the Chair about the quality of those materials; Serving as a liaison between the Chair and the other independent directors; Along with the Chair, jointly determining the timing and length of meetings of the Board of Directors; Facilitating discussion among independent directors and committee chairs and providing feedback and perspective to the Chair about discussions among the independent directors; Overseeing the process for the Board of Directors annual self-evaluation along with the Nominating and Governance Committee; Leading the Board of Directors evaluation of the CEO along with the Nominating and Governance Committee; and Overseeing the Board of Directors stockholder communication policies. 10 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Committees The Board of Directors currently has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee. Each of these standing committees operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. These charters are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.ea.com . All members of these committees are independent directors. During fiscal year 2025, all eight directors attended in 86% or more of the aggregate of (1) the number of applicable meetings of the Board of Directors, and (2) the number of applicable meetings held by each committee on which such director was a member. The members of our standing committees are set forth below: Audit Committee Members Meetings in FY 2025: KOFI A. BRUCE (Chair) JEFFREY T. HUBER RICHARD A. SIMONSON 8 Responsibilities of the Audit Committee Assists the Board of Directors in its oversight of the Company s financial reporting and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of our independent auditors. Establishes and maintains complaint procedures with respect to internal and external concerns regarding accounting or auditing matters. Oversees tax and treasury policies and practices, as well as the Company s internal audit function. Receives quarterly updates from EA s information security team and reviews the steps taken by management to monitor and control risks with respect to privacy and cybersecurity issues. As determined by the Board of Directors, each of the three current Audit Committee members meets the independence requirements and the financial literacy standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules, as well as the independence requirements of the SEC. The Board of Directors has determined that each of Mr. Bruce and Mr. Simonson meets the criteria for an audit committee financial expert as set forth in applicable SEC rules. The Audit Committee has the authority to obtain advice and assistance from outside advisors without seeking approval from the Board of Directors and the Company will provide appropriate funding for payment of compensation to advisors engaged by the Audit Committee. Nominating and Governance Committee Members Meetings in FY 2025: LUIS A. UBI AS (Chair) RACHEL A. GONZALEZ 4 Responsibilities of the Nominating and Governance Committee Applies the criteria outlined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines to recommend nominees for director and committee memberships to the Board of Directors. Reviews from time to time the appropriate skills, characteristics and experience required of the Board of Directors as a whole, as well as its individual members. Reviews developments in corporate governance and recommends formal governance standards to the Board of Directors. Oversees the CEO s annual performance review. Manages the process for emergency succession planning in the event the CEO is unable to fulfill the responsibilities of the role, and also periodically evaluates internal and external CEO candidates for succession planning purposes. Oversees ESG programs, disclosures and engagement, including regarding human capital and sustainability. The Nominating and Governance Committee currently comprises of two directors, each of whom the Board of Directors determined meets the independence requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Compensation Committee Members Meetings in FY 2025: TALBOTT ROCHE (Chair) RACHEL A. GONZALEZ HEIDI J. UEBERROTH 5 Responsibilities of the Compensation Committee Sets the overall compensation strategy for the Company; oversees pay equity efforts. Recommends the compensation of the CEO to the Board of Directors and determines the compensation of our other executive officers. Oversees the Company s bonus and equity incentive plans and other benefit plans. Reviews and recommends to the Board of Directors compensation for non-employee directors and reviews. As determined by the Board of Directors, each of the members of the Compensation Committee meets the independence requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and the SEC rules. The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage the services of outside advisors after first conducting an independence assessment in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and exchange listing standards. During fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee continued to directly engage Semler Brossy Consulting Group, a national compensation consulting firm, to advise on executive compensation matters. Please refer to the section titled The Process for Determining Our NEOs Compensation in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement, for additional information regarding the role of Semler Brossy in advising the Compensation Committee on our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee has reviewed the independence of Semler Brossy and has determined that its engagement does not raise any conflicts of interest. The Compensation Committee may also delegate any of its authority and duties to subcommittees, individual committee members or management, as it deems appropriate in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. For further information about the role of our Compensation Committee and executive officers in recommending the amount or form of executive compensation, please see The Process for Determining our NEOs Compensation in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During fiscal year 2025, no member of the Compensation Committee was an employee or current or former officer of EA, nor did any member of the Compensation Committee have a relationship requiring disclosure by EA under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. No EA officer serves or has served since the beginning of fiscal year 2025 as a member of the board of directors or the compensation committee of a company at which a member of EA s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee is an employee or officer. Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations Our Board of Directors and each of our committees conducts an annual evaluation, which includes a qualitative assessment by each director of the performance of the Board of Directors, as a whole, and the committee or committees on which each director serves. The evaluation is intended to determine whether the Board of Directors and each committee are functioning effectively, and to provide them with an opportunity to reflect upon and improve processes and effectiveness. Our Lead Independent Director, Mr. Ubi as, oversees this evaluation along with the Nominating and Governance Committee. A summary of the results is presented to the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board of Directors on an aggregated basis, noting any themes or common issues. 12 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board s Role and Responsibilities Oversight of Business Strategy The Board s industry and management expertise is critical in overseeing our business strategy. In a rapidly evolving industry, our Board is an important resource for thoughtful and candid insights into strategic planning conversations, including product and service development, operational considerations, emerging industry trends, acquisitions, financial planning and organizational design. The Board oversees our stockholders interest in the long-term strategy, the overall success of our business and financial performance. This focus is reflected in the agenda for each Board meeting. The Board reviews our long-term strategy at a dedicated meeting at least annually. At the beginning of each fiscal year, the Board formally reviews and approves our annual financial plan. At each Board meeting, the Board reviews and discusses with management a set of detailed operating reports, including current financial performance versus the plan. The Board regularly engages in discussions of key business issues, including strategic developments, financial considerations, and human capital management. The Board of Directors regularly receive updates on our strategy and pipeline of games and services, including the implementation of generative AI. The Board critically reviews how we allocate our capital resources, including acquisition activity, significant capital investments and return of capital programs. Strategic actions and investments are reviewed and approved by the Board, or a committee, following open and engaged discussions. At each Board meeting, the independent directors meet in executive session. These meetings are led by our Lead Independent Director. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Oversight of Risk Issues Board of Directors Our Board of Directors oversees our risk management processes and procedures, as well as material risks to our business. The Board of Directors exercises this oversight responsibility directly and through its committees. The oversight responsibility of the Board of Directors and its committees is informed by reports from our management team that provide visibility into our key areas of material risk. These include broad strategic, operational and financial discussions, as well as more focused discussions on specific topics. Material business risks, such as succession planning for our CEO and executive officers and risks relating to our strategy and business operations, including the implementation of generative AI, are reviewed by the full Board of Directors. The Board of Directors oversees the risks related to privacy and cybersecurity and receives periodic updates on these risks and mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee also receives quarterly updates from EA s information security team that review the steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate these risks. Audit Committee Risks related to financial reporting, internal controls and procedures, investments, tax and treasury matters and legal compliance. Oversees our enterprise risk management program, which identifies and prioritizes material risks for the Company. Areas of material financial risk, as appropriate. Receives quarterly cybersecurity updates from EA s information security team. Nominating and Governance Committee Risks related to director and emergency CEO succession planning. Risks related to our corporate governance policies and practices. Risks related to human capital management and culture. Compensation Committee Reviews compensation-related risks. Risks related to pay equity. Each of the committees regularly reports to the full Board of Directors on matters relating to the specific areas of risk that each committee oversees. Compensation Risk Assessment As part of their risk oversight efforts, the Compensation Committee evaluates our compensation programs to determine whether the design and operation of our policies and practices could encourage executives or employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks that would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company and has concluded that they do not. In making that determination, the Compensation Committee considered the design, size and scope of our cash and equity incentive programs and program features that mitigate against potential risks, such as payout caps, clawbacks, the quality and mix of performance-based and at risk compensation, and, with regard to our equity incentive programs, the stock ownership requirements for our executives. The Compensation Committee has concluded that our compensation policies and practices strike an appropriate balance of risk and reward in relation to our overall business strategy, and do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section below generally describes the compensation policies and practices applicable to our named executive officers. 14 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Policies Related Persons Transactions Policy Our Board of Directors has adopted a written Related Person Transactions Policy that describes the procedures used to process, evaluate, and, if necessary, disclose transactions between the Company and its directors, officers, director nominees, greater than 5% beneficial owners, or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing. We review any transaction or series of transactions which exceeds $120,000 in a single fiscal year and in which any related person has a direct or indirect interest, as well as any transaction for which EA s Global Code of Conduct or Conflict of Interest Policy would require approval of the Board of Directors. Once a transaction has been identified, the Audit Committee (if the transaction involves an executive officer) or the Nominating and Governance Committee (if the transaction involves a director) will review the transaction at the next scheduled meeting of such committee. Transactions involving our CEO will also be reviewed by our Lead Independent Director. Transactions involving employee compensation will also be submitted to the Compensation Committee for approval. If it is not practicable or desirable to wait until the next scheduled meeting, the chair of the applicable committee considers the matter and reports back to the relevant committee at the next scheduled meeting. In determining whether to approve or ratify a transaction, our committees (or the relevant chair of such committee) consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances available and transactions are approved only if they are in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of EA and its stockholders. No member of a committee reviewing a potential related person transaction may participate in any review, consideration or approval of any transaction if the member or their immediate family member is the related person. Related Persons Transactions Since March 31, 2024, we have not entered into any transactions, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, between us and a related party where the amount involved exceeds, or would exceed, $120,000, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Global Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Global Code of Conduct applies to our directors, and all employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and other senior financial officers, as well as Corporate Governance Guidelines. These documents, along with our organizational documents and committee charters, form the framework of our corporate governance. Our Global Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines and committee charters are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.ea.com . We post amendments to, or waivers from our Global Code of Conduct in the Investor Relations section of our website. Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors EA stockholders may communicate with the Board of Directors as a whole, with a committee of the Board of Directors, or with an individual director by sending a letter to EA s Corporate Secretary at Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, or by sending an email to StockholderCommunications@ea.com . Our Corporate Secretary will forward to the Board of Directors all communications that are appropriate for the Board of Directors consideration. For further information regarding the submission of stockholder communications, please visit the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.ea.com . 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Compensation Our Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending to our Board of Directors the compensation paid to our non-employee directors. Their review occurs at least once every two years, with the last review occurring in February 2025, in consultation with our independent compensation consultant Semler Brossy. Non-employee directors are paid a mix of cash and equity compensation consisting of (1) an annual board retainer, (2) committee, committee chair, and lead director fees, as applicable, and (3) an annual equity award, as described below. Fees Earned in Cash The table below reflects the annualized components of fees earned in cash for non-employee directors for fiscal year 2025. For more information regarding the specific compensation received by each non-employee director during fiscal year 2025, see the Fiscal Year 2025 Director Compensation Table table below. Annual Board Retainer Amount ($) Annual Board Retainer 60,000 Committee Fees Amount ($) Service on the Audit Committee 15,000 Service on the Compensation Committee 12,500 Service on the Nominating and Governance Committee 10,000 Lead Director and Committee Chair Fees Amount ($) Lead Director 50,000 Chair of the Audit Committee 15,000 Chair of the Compensation Committee 12,500 Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee 10,000 Under the terms of our equity incentive plan, non-employee directors may elect to receive all or part of their fees in the form of EA common stock. As an incentive for our non-employee directors to increase their stock ownership in EA, non-employee directors making such an election receive vested shares of common stock valued at 110% of the cash compensation they otherwise would have received. These shares are awarded via the grant and immediate exercise of a stock option having an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date, which is the first trading day of each quarter of the Board year. Ms. Gonzalez, Mr. Huber, Ms. Roche, Mr. Simonson, and Ms. Ueberroth received all or part of their fees in the form of our common stock during fiscal year 2025. Equity Compensation In fiscal year 2025, non-employee directors also received an annual equity award of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) with a grant date fair value of approximately $260,000. These RSUs were granted upon election or re-election to the Board of Directors at our 2024 annual meeting. RSUs vest in full on the first anniversary of the grant date (or, if earlier, the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following the grant date), subject to the non-employee director s continuous service as a member of the Board of Directors through such date. For any director who may have previously elected to defer settlement of RSUs, the receipt of shares underlying vested RSUs may be deferred until the fifth or tenth anniversary of the original vesting date or the date the director terminates service with the Company. Other Benefits Non-employee directors who are not receiving such benefits with any employer may purchase certain EA health, dental and vision insurance while serving as a director. Participating directors pay 100% of their own insurance premiums. In addition, we offer non-employee directors the opportunity to receive cybersecurity services to protect their privacy, home networks and personal devices, where they may conduct EA business. The Company is charged an annual fee per participating director, which was less than $4,000 per person in fiscal year 2025. 16 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Fiscal Year 2025 Director Compensation Table The following table shows compensation information for each of our non-employee directors during fiscal year 2025. Mr. Wilson, our CEO, does not receive any compensation for his service on our Board of Directors. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Option Awards ($) (3) Total ($) Kofi A. Bruce 90,000 259,857 349,857 Rachel Gonzalez 82,500 259,857 8,320 350,677 Jeffrey T. Huber 75,000 259,857 7,485 342,342 Talbott Roche 85,000 259,857 8,554 353,411 Richard A. Simonson 75,000 259,857 7,513 342,370 Luis A. Ubi as 130,000 259,857 389,857 Heidi Ueberroth 72,500 259,857 7,251 339,608 (1) As discussed above, non-employee directors may elect to receive all or part of their fees in the form of EA common stock. See footnote 3 for additional information regarding the number of shares received in lieu of cash compensation by those non-employee directors who made such an election. (2) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the annual RSU award granted to the non-employee directors and is calculated based on a closing price of $148.83 per share for our common stock on the August 2, 2024 grant date. Grant date fair value is determined for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For additional information regarding the valuation methodology for RSUs, see Note15 Stock-Based Compensation, Employee Benefit Plans and Stock Repurchase Program, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report. As of March 29, 2025 (the last day of fiscal year 2025), each of our current non-employee directors held 1,746 unvested RSUs. (3) Non-employee directors may elect to receive all or part of their fees in the form of EA common stock, and directors making such an election receive common stock valued at 110% of the cash compensation they would have otherwise received. These shares are awarded via the grant and immediate exercise of a stock option having an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. The values in this column represent the premium received for shares in lieu of compensation. These grants are made on a quarterly basis on a predetermined date aligned with the month in which the Board generally holds regular quarterly meetings. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The table below sets forth information on the shares received upon immediate exercise of the option(s) granted to directors who elected to receive all or part of their fees in the form of EA common stock during fiscal year 2025. Name Grant Date Exercise Price ($) Shares Subject to Immediately Exercised Stock Option Grants Grant Date Fair Value ($) Rachel Gonzalez 5/1/2024 128.18 177 22,688 8/1/2024 148.40 153 22,705 11/1/2024 151.26 150 22,689 2/3/2025 122.91 185 22,738 90,820 Jeffrey T. Huber 5/1/2024 128.18 161 20,637 8/1/2024 148.40 139 20,628 11/1/2024 151.26 136 20,571 2/3/2025 122.91 168 20,649 82,485 Talbott Roche 5/1/2024 128.18 183 23,457 8/1/2024 148.40 157 23,299 11/1/2024 151.26 155 23,445 2/3/2025 122.91 190 23,353 93,554 Richard A. Simonson 5/1/2024 128.18 161 20,637 8/1/2024 148.40 139 20,628 11/1/2024 151.26 137 20,723 2/3/2025 122.91 167 20,526 82,514 Heidi Ueberroth 5/1/2024 128.18 155 19,868 8/1/2024 148.40 135 20,034 11/1/2024 151.26 131 19,815 2/3/2025 122.91 163 20,034 79,751 18 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis For fiscal year 2025, EA s named executive officers ( NEOs ) were: Andrew Wilson , Chief Executive Officer Stuart Canfield , Chief Financial Officer Laura Miele , President of EA Entertainment Central Development Mala Singh , Chief People Officer Jake Schatz , EVP of Global Affairs Chief Legal Officer Executive Summary Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Strategic Performance During fiscal year 2025, we delivered high-quality games that entertained and connected hundreds of millions of people around the world. Our American Football franchise exceeded expectations and reached over $1 billion in net bookings in fiscal year 2025. We reignited momentum in EA SPORTS FC by implementing the biggest live service update launched in FC, which contributed to net bookings that came in well above expectations for our fiscal fourth quarter and double-digit growth in player engagement. We also continued our strong track-record of returning capital to stockholders, executing a $1 billion accelerated stock repurchase program, in addition to our regular stock repurchase activity and quarterly dividends. In total, we returned $2.7 billion to stockholders during the fiscal year. Our teams remain focused on delivering for our players, refining our portfolio to deliver sustainable growth and amplifying the power of AI to unlock new possibilities for the future of interactive entertainment. Our executive compensation program is designed to reward our NEOs for the achievement of Company-wide financial, operating and strategic objectives, and the creation of long-term stockholder value. These measures formed the basis of executive compensation decisions made by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in fiscal year 2025. Performance highlights for the year include: $7.463B Total net revenue $7.355B net bookings Live services and other $5.461B net revenue $1.121B net income and diluted earnings per share of $4.25 $2.079B Operating Cash Flow 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Returned $2.7B to stockholders through a repurchase of 17.6 million shares and quarterly cash dividends Launched EA SPORTS College Football 25, which was the #1-selling sports video game in the U.S. during fiscal year 2025, both by revenue and units sold American Football s massive online community surpassed $1B in net bookings for the fiscal year Executed on our Investor Day event at which we shared our long-term growth strategy and provided an in-depth look at the initiatives driving our strategy Leading up to the filing of this 2025 Proxy Statement, offered meetings to stockholders collectively holding approximately 64% of our outstanding stock to understand their views on compensation, governance and other matters. We engaged with every stockholder who accepted, totaling approximately 36% of our outstanding stock Compensation Philosophy and Objectives As a global leader in digital interactive entertainment, we believe that the skills, expertise and experience of our employees, including our NEOs, are the critical factors that contribute to our overall performance and enhance stockholder value. To drive continued successful operational and financial performance, we must attract, motivate, reward and retain top executive talent. The Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee strive to make executive compensation decisions that follow a competitive pay-for-performance compensation philosophy that is in the long-term best interests of our stockholders. Accordingly, our executive compensation program is designed to: Provide highly competitive compensation to attract and retain top executive talent; Create direct alignment with our stockholders by providing equity ownership in the Company; Align pay and performance by creating incentives tied to our business results; Reward and motivate strong individual performance and leadership; and Avoid undue compensation-related risk. 20 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Executive Compensation Decision-Making Approach The Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee believe that executive compensation should be evaluated holistically. They consider a variety of factors to guide their compensation decision-making process for our NEOs. These include an evaluation of market trends and the competitive landscape for executive talent, which includes a review of the market practices of our peer group and other companies with which we compete for talent. By using such comparative market data, we are able to assess the appropriateness and reasonableness of compensation levels and mix in order to ensure that our program aligns pay with performance, fairly rewards our executives and provides adequate retention and incentive value. In addition, in determining executive compensation, the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee also consider corporate performance, internal compensation alignment and factors unique to each NEO, such as individual performance, scope and complexity of the role, experience and tenure. Compensation and Governance Practices The Compensation Committee regularly reviews our executive compensation program to ensure that we maintain strong governance standards in our executive compensation program. Below is a summary of our key compensation and governance practices. What We Do What We Don t Do Structure executive compensation to link pay and performance Provide a high percentage of variable, at-risk pay; approximately 96% of our CEO s and 93% of our other NEOs compensation is variable and at-risk Cap performance-based annual bonus and long-term equity incentive payouts for NEOs Prohibit arrangements providing cash severance benefits that exceed 2.99 times the sum of base salary plus target bonus opportunity Require our executives to satisfy robust stock holding requirements Conduct regular stockholder outreach Perform an annual risk assessment of our executive compensation program Evaluate our compensation peer group at least annually Engage an independent compensation consultant to advise the Compensation Committee Conduct formal executive succession planning Maintain a clawback policy conforming to Dodd-Frank Act rules; maintain time- and performance-based equity award agreements requiring forfeiture and potential recoupment in the event of grantee misconduct leading to a financial restatement No single-trigger change in control arrangements No excise tax gross-ups upon a change in control No executive employment contracts (other than as required by local jurisdictions) No repricing of options without stockholder approval No hedging or pledging of EA stock No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents on unearned or unvested equity awards 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Overview of Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Elements The primary elements of the executive compensation program for our NEOs for fiscal year 2025 are set forth in the table below. For more information on the features of these elements, see Our NEOs Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Our Elements of Pay below. Form Timeframe Performance Metrics Key Purpose Base Salary Cash (Fixed) N/A N/A Serves as a fixed cash component that is market competitive for the role to attract and retain high-performing executives. Annual Bonus Program Cash (Variable) One-year Non-GAAP net revenue Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) Strategic business and operating objectives Individual achievements Designed to motivate achievement of challenging annual performance goals that are important to our long-term growth. Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (PRSUs) Three-years* Net bookings Non-GAAP operating income Relative total stockholder return ( TSR ) Absolute TSR Designed to be a meaningful incentive focused on advancing the multi-year objectives of our long-term growth strategy, rewarding performance that drives and creates long-term stockholder value and promotes retention. Time-Based Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 35-month vesting schedule N/A Promotes stock price appreciation, executive retention and stock ownership. * Net bookings and non-GAAP operating income measured annually; relative TSR and absolute TSR measured over three years. Awards are paid out at the end of the full three-year period. Stockholder Engagement EA has a longstanding year-round stockholder outreach program, with formal engagement efforts occurring in both the spring and summer. JUNE AUGUST Ahead of our annual meeting, we seek to engage with investors to answer questions and understand their views on matters relating to our annual Proxy Statement SEPTEMBER - FEBRUARY Review stockholder votes at our most recent annual meeting, identify potential follow-up areas and evaluate our governance and executive compensation practices APRIL - MAY Review feedback from off-season engagement and consider any enhancements to our executive compensation program, governance structure and ESG programs MARCH - MAY Conduct meetings with stockholders and proxy advisors to consider any issues raised and to solicit feedback on governance, executive compensation and other topics of interest 22 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Stockholder Engagement in Fiscal Year 2025 As in prior years, we reached out to our stockholders to offer meetings in Spring 2025, contacting a total of 24 stockholders collectively holding approximately 64% of our outstanding stock. We held engagement meetings with every stockholder who accepted, totaling approximately 36% of our outstanding stock. The Chair of our Compensation Committee participated in select discussions. During these meetings, we reviewed the compensation program changes implemented for fiscal year 2025 and how they relate to our efforts to effectively incentivize and retain our executive leadership as we continue to transform our business. These had first been shared with stockholders in Spring of 2024 prior to being approved and were disclosed in last year s Proxy Statement. Furthermore, based on each stockholder s priorities, we also discussed topics such as governance, artificial intelligence and sustainability-related matters. Compensation Program Aligned with Strategy and Informed by Stockholder Feedback We value the input of our stockholders. Feedback from our stockholders has and continues to be incorporated into our Compensation Committee s deliberation process. The evolution of our compensation program over the past several years has been informed by such stockholder feedback, including those changes for fiscal year 2025 that were shared during the Spring 2024 stockholder engagement meetings and disclosed in our 2024 Proxy Statement. Key changes have included: No Special Equity Awards No granting of any special equity awards to NEOs through at least the end of fiscal year 2026 Annual Bonus Program Increased the financial performance weighting for annual bonuses to 70% for our CEO and to 60% for each of our CFO and our President of EA Entertainment Central Development Implemented an enterprise-level scorecard with weightings for the strategic and operating objectives Included talent and sustainability-related metrics in the enterprise-level scorecard Starting with fiscal year 2025: CEO target bonus opportunity increased from 200% to 250% (of base salary) to drive greater Company performance and address competitive market dynamics; the CEO s target bonus was last increased in fiscal year 2019 PRSU Program Added net bookings and non-GAAP operating income financial performance metrics, in addition to the relative TSR metric Applied three-year cliff vesting on these performance-based awards Increased the threshold goal and adjusted the relative TSR payout scale to be more rigorous Determined that each of our CEO, CFO and President of EA Entertainment Central Development would be granted annual equity awards consisting of at least 60% PRSUs Eliminated the lookback feature from the relative TSR component of legacy PRSUs Starting with fiscal year 2025: transitioned the relative TSR comparison group from the Nasdaq-100 to the S P 500 Starting with fiscal year 2025: introduced an absolute TSR metric measured over a full three-year performance period, with achievement of meaningful hurdles required for payout. Incorporating the absolute TSR metric into the PRSU program further enhances stockholder alignment and only provides value if stretch absolute stockholder return goals are achieved, aligned with the multi-year objectives of our growth strategy Severance/Termination Pay Adopted a cash severance policy for our executive officers, prohibiting the company from entering into any arrangement that provides cash severance benefits exceeding 2.99 times the sum of an executive officer s base salary plus target bonus opportunity without seeking stockholder ratification Stock Ownership Increased stock ownership guidelines, including from 5x to 10x salary for CEO 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS 2024 Say-on-Pay Vote At our 2024 Annual Meeting, our advisory say-on-pay proposal received the support of 87% of the votes cast. The Board of Directors and Compensation Committee believe that this favorable result affirms stockholder support for our executive compensation program and philosophy. The Compensation Committee considers this result, among other factors, when implementing any changes to our executive compensation program. Process for Determining Our NEOs Compensation Our Compensation Committee, which consists solely of independent directors, is responsible for establishing and reviewing the overall compensation program for our NEOs. They are advised by their independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy. The Compensation Committee may also request input from our CEO or our Chief People Officer (CPO). The roles of the parties involved in deciding NEO compensation are set forth below. Participant Role in the Executive Compensation Determination Process Board of Directors Each May, the Board of Directors approves the target total direct compensation for our CEO, in consultation with the Compensation Committee, who has been advised by Semler Brossy. Compensation Committee Each May, the Compensation Committee: establishes the performance metrics, targets and other terms under our Annual Bonus Program establishes the performance metrics, targets and other terms under our PRSU Program approves the target total direct compensation for our NEOs (other than our CEO) after receiving input, at the Compensation Committee s request, from our CEO, our CPO and Semler Brossy reviews, approves and recommends to the Board of Directors, the CEO s pay Once the fiscal year closes, the Compensation Committee (typically in May) will also approve final funding of the bonus pool under our Annual Bonus Program and will certify performance of applicable metrics for outstanding awards under our PRSU Program. The Compensation Committee meets regularly throughout the year, with management and in closed session, in order to consider our executive compensation program and ensure its design and components remain competitive, to review the Company s performance to date against performance goals under our incentive programs and to take actions on any compensation plans or policies in its remit. Independent Compensation Consultant Semler Brossy advises on our executive compensation program and advises on changes to our compensation program and other executive compensation-related developments and trends, including by conducting a comprehensive analysis of our executive compensation program using publicly available information on peer companies to compare each element of our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee has reviewed the independence of Semler Brossy, which provides no services to the Company other than described above, and determined that Semler Brossy s engagement did not raise any conflicts of interest. Semler Brossy generally attends all meetings and attended all of the meetings held in fiscal year 2025. Management At the beginning of each fiscal year, our CEO and CPO review the performance of our other NEOs for the prior fiscal year and make recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding the annual base salary, bonus targets and annual equity awards for our NEOs (other than with respect to themselves). Our CEO and CPO assist the Compensation Committee by providing information on corporate and individual performance, market compensation data and practices and other executive compensation matters. 24 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Compensation Peer Group Each year, the Compensation Committee, with the independent compensation consultant s advice and input, reviews and selects a group of peer companies to use as a reference to better understand the competitive market for executive talent in our industry. As part of this process, the Compensation Committee engages in a quantitative and qualitative assessment to identify companies that are similar to us, based on a combination of factors including: size; revenue and market capitalization; business fit; whether they are in relevant industry pillars or are companies with which we compete for executive talent; and other relevant factors, including the number of current peer companies that identify EA as a peer. Where some companies may not be similar in size to us based on quantitative factors, they still may be included in our peer group based on the qualitative factors described above. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a peer group of 17 companies based on the factors listed above, which remained unchanged from fiscal year 2024. Gaming Consumer-Oriented Technology / Software Media / Entertainment Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. Airbnb, Inc. Intuit Inc. IAC Inc. Autodesk, Inc. ServiceNow, Inc. Netflix, Inc. Block, Inc. Synopsys, Inc. Sirius XM Holdings, Inc. Booking Holdings Inc. VMware, Inc. Snap Inc. eBay, Inc. Workday, Inc. Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Expedia Group, Inc. Looking ahead to fiscal year 2026: For fiscal year 2026, the Compensation Committee, in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, reviewed the factors detailed above to validate current peer companies and identify the appropriate peer group for that year. In connection with such review, the Compensation Committee approved a peer group for fiscal year 2026 consisting of the same companies as the fiscal year 2025 peer group, except that VMware, Inc. will be removed as a result of its acquisition by Broadcom Inc. which occurred on November 22, 2023. Comparative Market Data As part of its decision-making process, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee review peer group data when assessing the appropriateness and reasonableness of compensation levels and mix. Accordingly, in considering whether to make any changes to our executive compensation program, peer group data is used to determine if our compensation program aligns pay with performance, fairly rewards our executives for individual performance and contributions to our corporate performance and provides adequate retention and incentive value. The independent compensation consultant conducts a comprehensive analysis of our executive compensation program using publicly available compensation information on our peer group. The analysis includes a comparison of the base salary, target total cash compensation, target long-term incentives and target total direct compensation of each of our NEOs against executives holding similar positions in our peer group. The Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors use the peer group data provided by the independent compensation consultant as a reference rather than as a strict guide for compensation decisions and retain flexibility in determining NEO compensation. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Our NEOs Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Target Total Direct Compensation for Fiscal Year 2025 Our executive compensation program is designed to motivate and reward performance against our financial and strategic priorities. More specifically, this approach rewards the achievement of Company-wide financial and business objectives, individual performance and the creation of long-term value for stockholders, while also recognizing the dynamic and highly competitive nature of our business. The Compensation Committee believes that the target total direct compensation for each NEO should be consistent with market practices, allow us to attract and retain high caliber executive talent and reflect each NEO s individual experience, responsibilities and performance. In the fiscal year 2025 program, 96% of our CEO s target total direct compensation opportunity and 92% of the average of our other NEOs target total direct compensation opportunity were at-risk, in the form of an annual performance bonus and long-term equity awards, comprising PRSUs and RSUs, as set forth below. CEO NEOs (Excluding CEO) Implemented in Fiscal Year 2025 The following changes for fiscal year 2025 were approved in May 2024, against the backdrop of the Company s performance, business plan and strategic expectations at the time, as well as competitive market dynamics. More information about each of these changes appear throughout this Compensation Discussion Analysis and are summarized at a high level below. Adjustments to Pay Levels Following a comprehensive review and analysis of Mr. Wilson s overall compensation structure and opportunity by the Compensation Committee in consultation with Semler Brossy, the Compensation Committee recommended that the Board of Directors approve an increase to Mr. Wilson s target bonus opportunity (last increased in fiscal year 2019) and target long-term incentive opportunity as compared to the prior year. This recommendation was made by the Compensation Committee taking into account peer group CEO data, competitive market dynamics, retention, and individual performance and expectations. The increase to Mr. Wilson s overall compensation opportunity is heavily weighted toward variable, at-risk compensation, including long-term equity awards which require the achievement of stretch performance goals and stockholder returns for value to be realized. Mr. Canfield s base salary and equity incentive opportunity were increased from the prior year to be more in line with peer group practices following a benchmarking analysis in consultation with Semler Brossy. These elements had previously been established in connection with his appointment as Chief Financial Officer effective June 20, 2023, and reflected Mr. Canfield s first year in the role with the expectation that they would be adjusted in line with peer group CFO data in subsequent years subject to performance assessments. 26 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Adjustments to Long-Term Incentive Design As previously shared during the Spring 2024 stockholder engagement meetings and disclosed in our 2024 Proxy Statement, certain changes were made to our PRSU program applicable to our NEOs starting in fiscal year 2025. The Relative TSR peer group under our PRSU program was transitioned from the Nasdaq-100 to the S P 500 in light of recent industry consolidation and the limited number of public gaming companies of our size. In addition, we introduced an absolute TSR metric to complement the financial and relative TSR performance metrics and further enhance stockholder alignment. The absolute TSR metric will be measured over a full three-year performance period, requires achievement of stretch stockholder return goals before any value is realized, and is structured as a modifier to the target underlying PRSU award for each NEO (though for accounting purposes, it is required to be disclosed as a separate grant in the compensation tables of this Proxy Statement). The absolute TSR metric was approved by the Compensation Committee taking into account market practices, the Company s historical performance and historical market performance with input and analysis from Semler Brossy. Our Elements of Pay The Compensation Committee believes that the target total direct compensation for each NEO should be consistent with market practices for executive talent, allow us to attract and retain the highest caliber of executive talent in our industry and reflect each NEO s individual experience, responsibilities and performance. As indicated above, there are three main elements of NEO compensation: (1) annual base salary, (2) annual performance bonuses and (3) long-term equity incentive awards. Base Salary Key features The following factors are considered when determining NEO salaries: individual performance; the market for similar positions, including the pay practices for comparable positions at the companies in our peer group; level of responsibilities; complexity of role; experience; and internal compensation alignment. In May 2024, as part of its annual compensation review, the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors, in the case of Mr. Wilson considered the above factors and approved the fiscal year 2025 base salaries below. The Board of Directors determined there would be no base salary increase for Mr. Wilson, and the Compensation Committee approved increases for certain other NEOs after consideration of their respective contributions, competitive market positioning, internal equity and alignment with company-wide base salary merit increases. Mr. Canfield s prior salary (for fiscal year 2024) was established in connection with his appointment as Chief Financial Officer effective June 20, 2023, and reflected Mr. Canfield s first year in the role with the expectation that it would be adjusted in line with peer group CFO data in subsequent years subject to performance assessments. Accordingly, following a benchmarking analysis conducted by Semler Brossy, Mr. Canfield s fiscal year 2025 base salary was increased to be more in line with peer group practices. Base Salary for Fiscal Year 2025 ($) % Increase from Fiscal Year 2024 Mr. Wilson 1,300,000 0% Mr. Canfield 700,000 12% Ms. Miele 825,000 0% Ms. Singh 650,000 1.56% Mr. Schatz 650,000 1.56% 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Annual Performance Cash Bonus Awards Key features Payouts based on: Company performance, which is comprised of both financial (non-GAAP net revenue and non-GAAP diluted EPS) and business performance subcomponents, in order to balance our annual financial performance with our execution against strategic and operating objectives; and Individual performance. Within the company performance component, each subcomponent is weighted as follows: Mr. Wilson: 70% financial performance and 30% business performance; Mr. Canfield and Ms. Miele: 60% financial performance and 40% business performance; and Ms. Singh and Mr. Schatz: 50% financial performance and 50% business performance. Our NEOs participate in the Executive Bonus Plan for our Section 16 officers, which operates in conjunction with the EA Bonus Plan, our Company-wide bonus plan. The formula for calculating each payout under the annual bonus program for our NEOs is as follows: BASE SALARY TARGET BONUS PERCENTAGE (% OF BASE SALARY) COMPANY PERFORMANCE (COMPANY BONUS POOL FUNDING) INDIVIDUAL X X 70-50% Company Financial Performance 30-50% Company Business Performance X PERFORMANCE MODIFIER (IPM) = NEO BONUS PAYOUT Process to Determine Performance Annual Performance Bonus In May of each fiscal year, the Compensation Committee determines the Executive Bonus Plan participants, performance period and performance measures and goals. All NEOs at the time were selected to participate in the Executive Bonus Plan for fiscal year 2025. Approve target bonus percentages and maximum award amounts Set performance goals Determine Company bonus pool funding Conduct individual performance assessments and determine individual performance modifiers Approve Target Bonus Percentages and Maximum Award Amounts APPROVE TARGET BONUS PERCENTAGES Each fiscal year, the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors, in the case of Mr. Wilson sets the amount of the target annual bonus as a percentage of each NEO s base salary ( target bonus ) and approved fiscal year 2025 target bonus opportunities as set forth below. As previewed in last year s Proxy Statement, following a comprehensive review and analysis of his compensation package against our peer group by the Compensation Committee in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, the Board of Directors approved the target bonus opportunity increase for Mr. Wilson identified in the table below. This change is intended to drive greater company performance and address competitive market dynamics, in the form of variable at-risk pay to ensure alignment with stockholders. Mr. Wilson s target bonus opportunity was last increased in fiscal year 2019. Based on its annual compensation review in coordination with its independent compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee determined there would be no target bonus opportunity increases for our other NEOs. 28 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Fiscal Year 2025 Target Bonus Percentages Bonus Eligible Salary for Fiscal Year 2025 ($) Target Bonus Opportunity for Fiscal Year 2025 % Increase from Fiscal Year 2024 Mr. Wilson 1,300,000 250% 25% Mr. Canfield 700,000 100% 0% Ms. Miele 825,000 125% 0% Ms. Singh 650,000 100% 0% Mr. Schatz 650,000 100% 0% MAXIMUM AWARD AMOUNTS Our Compensation Committee believes that annual bonus awards should be capped to ensure that we maintain strong governance standards in our executive compensation program and to mitigate incentives for undue risk taking. Under our Executive Bonus Plan, bonuses for our NEOs are capped at two times the target bonus opportunity for each NEO. In addition, our CEO receives no bonus payout if our net income is less than 80% of our fiscal year 2025 financial plan. Set Performance Goals Each NEO s annual performance bonus is tied to Company financial performance and business performance, as described below. These goals are set forth in our financial and strategic plan for fiscal year 2025 that our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee reviewed with management in April 2024 and approved in May 2024. The financial performance weighting of the Company bonus pool funding formula for Mr. Wilson, Mr. Canfield and Ms. Miele are 70%, 60% and 60%, respectively. The Compensation Committee believes that this mixed funding formula is appropriate because it balances our annual financial performance with our execution against strategic and operating objectives, which are critical drivers of our long-term success. COMPANY FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE For the financial performance component of our fiscal year 2025 Company bonus pool funding, the Compensation Committee approved the following two equally weighted Company financial performance metrics: non-GAAP net revenue and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. The Compensation Committee considered a number of factors in approving these metrics and related targets, and it believes that these objective financial measures serve as clear goals for management to drive top-line growth and profitability with responsible cost management. A threshold level of performance must be met for each of the relevant metrics to fund that component of the bonus pool. For more information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures for our compensation programs, please refer to About Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Appendix A. Fiscal Year 2025 Targets The fiscal year 2025 non-GAAP net revenue and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share bonus funding targets were each set higher than our fiscal year 2024 targets and actual performance in fiscal year 2024, as follows: non-GAAP net revenue of $7.550 billion and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $8.48, weighted equally. Bonus pool funding under our Executive Bonus Plan is tied to our achievement of threshold, target and maximum levels of performance for the relevant metric, with no funding if the threshold levels of performance are not achieved. When making compensation decisions for our NEOs, we use non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate the Company s financial performance and the performance of our management team against non-GAAP targets. These measures adjust for certain items that may not be indicative of the Company s core business, operating results, or future outlook. COMPANY BUSINESS PERFORMANCE For the Company business performance component of our bonus pool funding, the Compensation Committee assesses performance against the Company s business and strategic priorities and objectives that were previously established for the fiscal year and approved by our Board of Directors. We implemented an enterprise-level scorecard for the business and strategic performance objectives that drive funding of the Company bonus pool. For fiscal year 2025, the scorecard measures our performance against specific goals for seven weighted key strategic objectives established for the fiscal year. The Compensation Committee reviews Company attainment against these goals and objectives periodically during the fiscal year. The specific objectives for fiscal year 2025 are outlined in the table further below. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Determine Company Bonus Pool Funding In May 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a bonus pool funding percentage of 91.7%, as compared to 106.1% in the prior year. This funding percentage was based on equally weighted funding percentages of 88.5% for Company financial performance and 95% for Company business performance, as indicated below. Separately, based on the respective weightings noted above, the company bonus funding was as follows: Mr. Wilson: 90.4% and each of Mr. Canfield and Ms. Miele: 91.1%. For each of Ms. Singh and Mr. Schatz, the bonus funding percentage was the same as for the company pool funding: 91.7%. COMPANY FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE For purposes of measuring attainment against our fiscal year 2025 financial targets for bonus funding under the Executive Bonus Plan, our non-GAAP net revenue was $7.355 billion and our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $7.83. Based on our attainment against these targets, the Compensation Committee approved a combined funding percentage of 88.5% of target for the Company financial performance component with respect to our NEOs. Threshold Target Maximum Non-GAAP Net Revenue (50%) (in billions) Non-GAAP Diluted EPS (50%) Funding Percentage (1) (1) The funding percentage for achievement between the percentages designated above is interpolated on a straight-line basis. Appendix A to this Proxy Statement provides a reconciliation between our non-GAAP financial measures and our audited financial statements. 30 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS COMPANY BUSINESS PERFORMANCE For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a funding percentage of 95% for the business performance component, based on its evaluation of our achievements against the pre-determined strategic and operating objectives highlighted below. Business Objectives Key Measures Key Highlights and Results 10% Business Resilience Effectively manage the company s business resilience in an unpredictable external environment Successfully navigate an organizational transformation to capitalize on growth opportunities Achieved by completing technology team reorganization, executing a well-received Investor Day and undertaking $1 billion accelerated stock buyback Manage external challenges to advance key business objectives Achieved by navigating regulatory landscape and labor considerations in order to advance business strategies 10% Artificial Intelligence Build out and execute against a GenAI strategy that centers around efficiency, expansion and transformation Advance taskforce on strategy and goals and adopt governance structure; and identify multi-year success metrics Achieved via taskforce that prioritized focus areas/goals and by adopting a governance structure to support go-forward initiatives, as well as by identifying success metrics Define plan including multi-year roadmap with key milestones and deliverables; meet FY25 deliverables Substantially completed applicable milestones, with all delivered in FY25 and one to be delivered in early FY26 10% Talent Attract and retain the talent we need to power the future of entertainment Employee satisfaction score at or above designated level Exceeded goal by 4 points based on results of employee survey data Critical talent retention at or above designated level Exceeded goal by 10% in part through ongoing efforts to retain top talent Goals related to supporting a global workforce Substantially achieved, maintained high employee sentiment 10% Sustainability Progress our environmental sustainability efforts Progress on carbon neutral goal by expanding beyond North America Achieved carbon neutrality for North American and European operations Improving Scope 3 emissions measurement capabilities, including downstream categories Achieved by completing methodologies and data collection practices for three downstream categories Engage certain percentage of our suppliers with respect to sustainability efforts Achieved by successfully engaging with the specified percentage of suppliers on efforts to reduce climate value chain impact 30% Building games and experiences that entertain massive online communities Deliver respective milestones under the multi-year franchise plans for each of Battlefield, The Sims, Apex, FC and the American Football ecosystem Execute on fiscal year metrics under the Battlefield franchise plan Achieved enumerated milestones Execute on fiscal year metrics under The Sims franchise plan Exceeded financial goal and achieved all other enumerated milestones Execute on fiscal year metrics under the Apex franchise plan Performance fell below expectations for fiscal year Meet target on FC users; execute FC25 launches; and deliver on key product milestones on upcoming FC project Exceeded goal on FC users; achieved all FC25 launches, as well as took actions in Q4 to address Q3 live services challenges; and achieved key deliverables on upcoming project Meet target on American Football ecosystem users; and deliver on key product milestones on upcoming American Football project Exceeded goal on American Football ecosystem users; and substantially achieved on milestones for upcoming project with remainder to be delivered in FY26 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Business Objectives Key Measures Key Highlights and Results 20% Creating blockbuster interactive storytelling Execute on our long-term plan to deliver blockbuster action releases from FY25 and beyond Metrics related to release of Dragon Age Performance fell below expectations Meet the fiscal year deliverable milestones for specified action games in development Achieved designated milestones 10% Harnessing the power of community in and around our games Execute on our long-term plans to offer services outside core games and experiences Metrics related to EA SPORTS app and users Achieved by completing soft-launch of app in Spain and released multiple updates; users fell below expectations at fiscal year end, though efforts are ongoing to reach goal Meet collective net bookings goal for EA Experiences products and services Exceeded collective goal due to individual products and services outperforming expectations Execute on measures related to moderation tools, ad tech and content processing Exceeded goals on moderation tools; and achieved goals on ad tech and content processing Metric related to evolving the Creator Network Achieved by launching or advancing initiatives and tools for creators Conduct Individual Performance Assessments and Determine IPMs Individual performance is a key factor in determining the amount of each NEO s annual bonus. Each year, the Board of Directors for Mr. Wilson and the Compensation Committee, in consultation with Mr. Wilson and Ms. Singh (our CPO), for all NEOs except Mr. Wilson review and approve the individual performance objectives for the NEOs. Mr. Wilson s individual performance objectives for fiscal year 2025 are based on non-GAAP financial objectives and strategic and operating objectives. For all other NEOs, the individual objectives are based on strategic and operating objectives tailored to the functions led by each NEO and aligned to the achievement of our overall fiscal year 2025 plan approved by the Board of Directors, as well as qualitative factors including leadership and talent development. At the end of each fiscal year, the Board of Directors for Mr. Wilson and the Compensation Committee, in consultation with Mr. Wilson and Ms. Singh assess the individual performance of our NEOs and determine each NEO s individual performance modifier, or IPM, at a percentage between 0% and 200% (subject to the overall cap of 2x target bonus for the annual cash bonus award). Consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy, a higher individual performance assessment would result in a higher IPM and vice-versa, so that an executive with a lower assessment could receive less than his or her target bonus. If an executive meets a high level of performance expectations, he or she would receive an IPM of 100% or greater. To receive an IPM of 200%, the NEO must demonstrate sustained, truly extraordinary performance, and the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee expect that assigning an IPM at this level would occur in rare circumstances only. In determining the actual performance cash bonus awards for our NEOs (other than our CEO), Mr. Wilson and Ms. Singh reviewed each NEO s achievements against the individual performance objectives for fiscal year 2025 and provided their recommendations to the Compensation Committee for review and approval. These assessments were based on each executive s performance, considering his or her overall performance for the year; impact on our business and culture; demonstrated results; the executive s strong leadership; and execution of key objectives. No single factor was determinative. For our CEO, the Board of Directors considers achievement of the financial and strategic objectives that were established for Mr. Wilson for the fiscal year, and takes a holistic approach to evaluating his performance without assigning a specific weighting to any one factor within each of these two categories. 32 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Determination of Fiscal Year 2025 Performance Cash Bonus Awards for our NEOs The key results that influenced performance determinations for our NEOs are identified below. Mr. Wilson Chief Executive Officer Individual Performance Modifier After reviewing his achievements for fiscal year 2025, the Board of Directors approved an IPM of 100% for Mr. Wilson. Key Highlights for Fiscal Year 2025 The Board of Directors considered Mr. Wilson s performance against the financial and strategic and operating objectives for fiscal year 2025, as highlighted below. Non-GAAP Financial Objectives 70%: Target Actual (1) Net Revenue (in millions) $ 7,550 $ 7,355 Diluted Earnings Per Share (2) $ 7.58 $ 7.08 (1) Appendix A to this Proxy Statement provides a reconciliation between our non-GAAP financial measures and our audited financial statements. (2) For purposes of measuring achievement of Mr. Wilson s diluted earnings per share objective, a share count of 264 million was used. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share appears in Appendix A to this Proxy Statement. Unlike the metric used for our annual bonus plan (described above), this objective includes bonus expense. Strategic and Operating Objectives Scorecard 30%: Under Mr. Wilson s leadership, the Company executed on key strategic and operating objectives that were established for fiscal year 2025 under our enterprise-level scorecard, as detailed above in Step 3 Company Business Performance . In addition to these overarching strategic and operating objectives, the Board of Directors considered the following key achievements under Mr. Wilson s leadership when evaluating his performance for fiscal year 2025. Effectively led the Company s execution against its strategic pillars to lead the future of entertainment and strengthened succession plans for critical leadership roles in the Company successfully launched EA SPORTS College Football 25 which was the #1-selling sports video game in the U.S. during fiscal year 2025 and contributed to the American Football ecosystem growing to over $1 billion in net bookings for the fiscal year; reignited momentum in EA SPORTS FC by implementing the biggest live service update launched in FC, which contributed to net bookings that came in well above expectations for our fiscal fourth quarter and double-digit growth in player engagement; progressed the Battlefield game in development, including through the use of Battlefield Labs, which was the biggest playtesting initiative in franchise history; achieved key milestones related to expanding The Sims ecosystem and delivered a strong launch for Split Fiction, with offsetting underperformance from Apex Legends and Dragon Age; advanced opportunities beyond games by outperforming net bookings expectations related to EA Experiences products and services; progressed strategy on GenAI to accelerate game production, expand technological capabilities and provide new game experiences; and unified the technology organization under the leadership of a newly elevated enterprise Chief Technology Officer to oversee a critical period of technological change and advances at the Company. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Mr. Canfield Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer Mr. Canfield leads the global teams responsible for EA s financial management. Prior to his appointment as CFO in June 2023, in his over 20 years at EA, Mr. Canfield has held leadership roles in global finance, including enterprise financial planning and analysis, investor relations and financial strategy of our global studio organization. Individual Performance Modifier After reviewing his achievements for fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an IPM of 120% for Mr. Canfield. Key Highlights for Fiscal Year 2025 During fiscal year 2025, Mr. Canfield s efforts resulted in or included: directing a comprehensive enhancement of our investor engagement model and communications strategy, driving greater clarity, transparency, and improved perception study outcomes; reintroducing a highly successful Investor Day after eight years, defining our long-term strategy and vision; establishing our long-range financial framework and launching a new operating margin metric as a benchmark for strategic and financial progress; overseeing our $5 billion stock repurchase authorization, returning over $2.7 billion to stockholders through a $1 billion accelerated buyback and ongoing quarterly repurchases and dividends; generating our second-highest operating cash flow of $2.1 billion and returning 145% of free cash flow to stockholders; and leading the transformation and strengthening of our financial organization, driving high employee engagement and satisfaction scores. Ms. Miele President of EA Entertainment Central Development Ms. Miele oversees the development and production of the EA Entertainment portfolio of games and services, as well as leads our central development services teams. Until late fiscal year 2025, Ms. Miele led our technology organizations but has transitioned from those duties, enabling her to focus on optimizing central development functions across the company and upcoming game releases in the Entertainment portfolio. Prior to her current position, Ms. Miele held various enterprise and studio leadership roles, most recently serving as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. Individual Performance Modifier After reviewing her achievements for fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an IPM of 85% for Ms. Miele. Key Highlights for Fiscal Year 2025 During fiscal year 2025, Ms. Miele s efforts resulted in or included: overseeing EA Entertainment s delivery of new games, services and content, including nearly 250 content updates across EA s Entertainment portfolio; achieving specified milestones under The Sims franchise plan, as well as executing on skate. development goals ahead of fiscal year 2026 early access; executing on Battlefield development goals and launching first ever Battlefield Labs initiative for playtesting and innovation ahead of fiscal year 2026 release; overseeing the Apex Legends and Dragon Age titles, both of which did not achieve their targets; continuing to streamline the EA Entertainment portfolio to align with shifting player preferences, as well as refining the mobile strategy, in order to deliver on our growth strategy and drive profitability; and leading the central development services and technology organization, and ensuring it functions efficiently to advance the Company s operational priorities. 34 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Ms. Singh Executive Vice President Chief People Officer Ms. Singh serves as Executive Vice President Chief People Officer, leading all functions within our people and workplaces organizations. In her role, Ms. Singh oversees the development of the company s talent and cultivation of its culture, leading teams in People Operations, Talent Acquisition, Succession Planning, Learning and Development, Real Estate and Workplace Experience. Individual Performance Modifier After reviewing her achievements for fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an IPM of 118% for Ms. Singh. Key Highlights for Fiscal Year 2025 During fiscal year 2025, Ms. Singh s efforts resulted in or included: increasing the retention level of specialized-skill and other critical employees on a year-over-year basis; executing on a refreshed talent strategy to ensure EA s ability to recruit and retain talent to support the Company s business strategy and priorities, including the development of certain talent pipelines and leadership curriculum, targeted work with teams to support evolving operating models/systems to promote growth and deployment of tools to increase AI literacy; building a positive company culture, resulting in various Company and/or studio honors for calendar year 2024, including multiple awards relating to best places to work, among other accolades; driving increased intentionality around our work culture and workplace environments, as well as aligning our portfolio with business needs; and leading our stockholder governance outreach, engaging with our stockholders on discussions regarding executive compensation, human capital management and governance. Mr. Schatz Executive Vice President of Global Affairs Chief Legal Officer Mr. Schatz serves as Executive Vice President of Global Affairs Chief Legal Officer, leading teams responsible for business and legal support of EA s strategic initiatives. In his role, Mr. Schatz oversees Legal Affairs, Business Development, Corporate Development, and Government Affairs Public Policy. Individual Performance Modifier After reviewing his achievements for fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an IPM of 118% for Mr. Schatz. Key Highlights for Fiscal Year 2025 During fiscal year