=== EA_2026-05-11.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors " contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. About Electronic Arts Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. We develop, market, publish and deliver games, content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. We create innovative games and experiences that deliver high-quality interactive entertainment and drive engagement across our global network of hundreds of millions of players. Through our live services offerings, we offer high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our full games. We are focusing on building games and experiences that grow the global online communities around our key franchises; deepening engagement through connecting interactive storytelling to key intellectual property; and harnessing our communities to grow in, around, and beyond our games. Financial Results Our key financial results for our fiscal year ended March 31, 2026 were as follows: • Total net revenue was $7,531 million, up 1 percent year-over-year. • Live services and other net revenue was $5,383 million, down 1 percent year-over-year. • Gross margin was 79 percent, flat year-over-year. • Operating expenses were $4,785 million, up 9 percent year-over-year. • Operating income was $1,162 million, down 24 percent year-over-year. • Net income was $887 million with diluted earnings per share of $3.51. • Net cash provided by operating activities was $2,553 million, up 23 percent year-over-year. • Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $2,980 million. • We returned $941 million to stockholders through our capital return programs, repurchasing 5.3 million shares for approximately $750 million and returning $191 million through our quarterly cash dividend program. Trends in Our Business Live Services Business. We offer our players high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and to extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our full games and free-to-play games. Our net revenue attributable to live services and other was $5,383 million, $5,461 million, and $5,547 million for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively, and we expect that live services net revenue will continue to be material to our business. Within live services and other, net revenue attributable to extra content was $4,091 million, $4,365 million, and $4,463 million for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Growth in live services net revenue, including extra content may not be linear due to the competitive landscape, consumer buying patterns, and other factors. Our most popular live services are the extra content in the Ultimate Team mode associated with our sports franchises. Ultimate Team allows players to collect current and former players in order to build and compete as a personalized team. Live services net revenue generated from extra content purchased within Ultimate Team , a substantial portion of which was derived from FC Ultimate Team , is material to our business. 21 Table of Contents Digital Delivery of Games. In our industry, players increasingly purchase games digitally as opposed to purchasing physical discs. While this trend, as applied to our business, may not be linear due to a mix of products during a fiscal year, consumer buying patterns and other factors, over time we expect players to continue to purchase a higher proportion of our games digitally. As a result, we expect net revenue attributable to digital full game downloads to increase over time and net revenue attributable to sales of packaged goods to decrease. Our net revenue attributable to digital full game downloads was $1,708 million, $1,478 million, and $1,343 million during fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively; while our net revenue attributable to packaged goods sales was $440 million, $524 million, and $672 million in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. In addition, as measured based on total units sold on Microsoft’s Xbox One and Xbox Series X and Sony’s PlayStation 4 and 5 rather than by net revenue, we estimate that 81 percent, 78 percent, and 73 percent of our total units sold during fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, were sold digitally. Digital full game units are based on sales information provided by Microsoft and Sony; packaged goods units sold through are estimated by obtaining data from significant retail and distribution partners in North America, Europe and Asia, and applying internal sales estimates with respect to retail partners from which we do not obtain data. We believe that these percentages are reasonable estimates of the proportion of our games that are digitally downloaded in relation to our total number of units sold for the applicable period of measurement. Increases in consumer adoption of digital purchase of games combined with increases in our live services revenue generally results in expansion of our gross margin, as costs associated with selling a game digitally are generally less than selling the same game through traditional retail and distribution channels. Increased Competition. Competition in our business is intense. Our competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies to emerging start-ups. In addition, we compete with large, diversified companies that have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities. Our competitors have access to certain resources such as larger budgets, tools, technologies, or IP portfolios that can lead to greater consumer success and shift player time and engagement away from our products and services. In addition, our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives, as well as key creative and technical talent, resulting in retention challenges and increased cost to retain and incentivize our key people. Concentration of Sales Among the Most Popular Games . In our industry, we see a large portion of games sales concentrated on the most popular titles. Similarly, a significant portion of our revenue has been derived from games based on a few popular titles, such as EA SPORTS FC, EA SPORTS College Football, EA SPORTS Madden NFL, Apex Legends , Battlefield, and The Sims. In particular, we have historically derived a significant portion of our net revenue from our global football franchise, the annualized version of which is consistently one of the best-selling games in the marketplace. Net Bookings . In order to improve transparency into our business, we disclose an operating performance metric, net bookings. Net bookings is defined as the net amount of products and services sold digitally or sold-in physically in the period. Net bookings is calculated by adding total net revenue to the change in deferred net revenue for online-enabled games. The following is a calculation of our total net bookings for the periods presented: Year Ended March 31, (In millions) 2026 2025 Net revenue $ 7,531 $ 7,463 Change in deferred net revenue (online-enabled games) 495 (108) Net bookings $ 8,026 $ 7,355 Net bookings were $8,026 million for fiscal year 2026 primarily driven by sales related to our global football, Battlefield, and American football franchises . Net bookings increased $671 million or 9 percent as compared to fiscal year 2025 primarily due to the release of Battlefield 6 and a year-over-year increase in sales from our global football franchise , partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in sales from EA SPORTS College Football, the prior year release of Dragon Age: The Veilguard , and The Sims franchise . Live services and other net bookings were $5,630 million for fiscal year 2026, and increased $292 million or 5 percent as compared to fiscal year 2025. The increase in live services and other net bookings was primarily due to increased sales of extra content within our global football franchise and from Battlefield 6, partially offset by decreased sales of extra content from Ultimate Team within EA SPORTS College Football, and The Sims 4. Full game net bookings were $2,396 million for fiscal year 2026, and increased $379 million or 19 percent as compared to fiscal year 2025 primarily due to the release of Battlefield 6, partially offset by a year-over-year decline in EA SPORTS College Football, and the prior year release of Dragon Age: The Veilguard. 22 Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, contingent assets and liabilities, and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. The policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical because they are not only important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, but also because application and interpretation of these policies requires both management judgment and estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain and unknown. As a result, actual results may differ materially from our estimates. Revenue Recognition We derive revenue principally from sales of our games, and related extra content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. Our product and service offerings include, but are not limited to, the following: • full games with both online and offline functionality (“Games with Services”), which generally includes (1) the initial game delivered digitally or via physical disc at the time of sale and typically provide access to offline core game content (“software license”); (2) updates on a when-and-if-available basis, such as software patches or updates, and/or additional free content to be delivered in the future (“future update rights”); and (3) a hosted connection for online playability (“online hosting”); • full games with online-only functionality which require an Internet connection to access all gameplay and functionality (“Online-Hosted Service Games”); • extra content related to Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games which provides access to additional in-game content; • subscriptions, such as EA Play and EA Play Pro, that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits typically for a recurring monthly or annual fee; and • licensing to third parties to distribute and host our games and content. We evaluate and recognize revenue by: • identifying the contract(s) with the customer; • identifying the performance obligations in the contract; • determining the transaction price; • allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and • recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (i.e., “transfer of control”). Certain of our full game and/or extra content are sold to resellers with a contingency that the full game and/or extra content cannot be resold prior to a specific date (“Street Date Contingency”). We recognize revenue for transactions that have a Street Date Contingency when the Street Date Contingency is removed and the full game and/or extra content can be resold by the reseller. For digital full game and/or extra content downloads sold to customers, we recognize revenue when the full game and/or extra content is made available for download to the customer. Online-Enabled Games Games with Services. Our sales of Games with Services are evaluated to determine whether the software license, future update rights and the online hosting are distinct and separable. Sales of Games with Services are generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting. Since we do not sell the performance obligations on a stand-alone basis, we consider market conditions and other observable inputs to estimate the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation. For Games with Services, generally 75 percent of the sales price is allocated to the software license performance obligation and recognized at a point in time when control of the license has been transferred to the customer. The remaining 25 percent is allocated to the future update rights and the online hosting performance obligations and recognized ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period). 23 Table of Contents Online-Hosted Service Games. Sales of our Online-Hosted Service Games are determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online hosting service. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period). Extra Content. Revenue received from sales of downloadable content are derived primarily from the sale of virtual currencies and digital in-game content that are designed to extend and enhance players’ game experience. Sales of extra content are accounted for in a manner consistent with the treatment for our Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games as discussed above, depending upon whether or not the extra content has offline functionality. That is, if the extra content has offline functionality, then the extra content is accounted for similarly to Games with Services (generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting). If the extra content does not have offline functionality, then the extra content is determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online-hosted service. Subscriptions Sales of our subscriptions are determined to have one performance obligation: the online hosting. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably over the subscription term as the performance obligation is satisfied. Licensing Revenue We utilize third-party licensees to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations, such as a time-based license of software and future update rights. We recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we transfer control of the license of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. Any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales occur by the licensee. Significant Judgments around Revenue Arrangements Identifying performance obligations. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is separately identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply judgment to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. Determining the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring our goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment of contractual terms and business practices. It further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. In addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate of the variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. Sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur. Allocating the transaction price. Allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. Determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially in situations where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions). In those situations, we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that is reasonably available. Examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analysis, pre-release versus post-release costs, and pricing data from competitors to the extent the data is available. The results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance obligation. Determining the Estimated Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online hosting for the game and related extra content sold. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period for the service-related performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the average period of time customers are online when estimating the offering period. We also consider the estimated period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to the customer (i.e., time in channel). Based on these two factors, we then consider the method of distribution. For example, games 24 Table of Contents and extra content sold at retail would have a composite offering period equal to the online gameplay period plus time in channel as opposed to digitally-distributed games and extra content which are delivered immediately via digital download and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be only the online gameplay period. Additionally, we consider results from prior analyses, known and expected online gameplay trends, as well as disclosed service periods for competitors’ games in determining the Estimated Offering Period for future sales. We believe this provides a reasonable depiction of the transfer of future update rights and online hosting to our customers, as it is the best representation of the time period during which our games and extra content are experienced. We recognize revenue for future update rights and online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery for these performance obligations. Revenue for service-related performance obligations for digitally-distributed games and extra content is recognized over an estimated eight-month period beginning in the month of sale, and revenue for service-related performance obligations for games and extra content sold through retail is recognized over an estimated ten-month period beginning in the month of sale. Prior to July 1, 2025, revenue for service-related performance obligations for our mobile free-to-play games was recognized generally over an eight-month period, and for our PC and console free-to-play games was recognized generally over a twelve-month period, in each case beginning in the month of sale. During the three months ended September 30, 2025, we completed our annual evaluation of the Estimated Offering Period, and as a result, for sales beginning July 1, 2025, the revenue that we recognize for the service-related performance obligation related to our mobile free-to-play and PC and console free-to-play games is recognized generally over an eleven-month period beginning in the month of sale. This change in Estimated Offering Period did not impact the amount of net bookings or the operating cash flows that we report. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026, this change to our Estimated Offering Period resulted in an estimated net decrease in net revenue of $74 million and net income of $56 million, and a decrease of $0.22 diluted earnings per share. Principal Agent Considerations We evaluate sales to end customers of our full games and related content via third-party storefronts, including digital storefronts such as Microsoft’s Xbox Store, Sony’s PlayStation Store, Apple App Store, and Google Play Store, in order to determine whether or not we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end customer, which we consider in determining if revenue should be reported gross or net of fees retained by the third-party storefront. An entity is the principal if it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the end customer. Key indicators that we evaluate in determining gross versus net treatment include but are not limited to the following: • the underlying contract terms and conditions between the various parties to the transaction; • which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service to the end customer; • which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service; and • which party has title risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to the end customer. Based on an evaluation of the above indicators, except as discussed below, we have determined that generally the third party is considered the principal to end customers for the sale of our full games and related content. We therefore report revenue related to these arrangements net of the fees retained by the storefront. However, for sales arrangements via Apple App Store and Google Play Store, EA is considered the principal to the end customer and thus, we report revenue on a gross basis and mobile platform fees are reported within cost of revenue. Income Taxes We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for both (1) the expected impact of differences between the financial statement amount and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and (2) the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax losses and tax credit carryforwards. We do not recognize any deferred taxes related to the U.S. taxes on foreign earnings as we recognize these taxes as a period cost. We record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets when it is considered more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. In making this determination, we are required to give significant weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. It is generally difficult to conclude that a valuation allowance is not needed when there is significant negative evidence, such as cumulative losses in recent years. Forecasts of future taxable income are considered to be less objective than past results. Therefore, cumulative losses weigh heavily in the overall assessment. 25 Table of Contents In addition to considering forecasts of future taxable income, we are also required to evaluate and quantify other possible sources of taxable income in order to assess the realization of our deferred tax assets, namely the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, the carryback of losses and credits as allowed under current tax law, and the implementation of tax planning strategies. Evaluating and quantifying these amounts involves significant judgments. Each source of income must be evaluated based on all positive and negative evidence and this evaluation may involve assumptions about future activity. Certain taxable temporary differences that are not expected to reverse during the carry forward periods permitted by tax law cannot be considered as a source of future taxable income that may be available to realize the benefit of deferred tax assets. Every quarter, we perform a realizability analysis to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our Swiss deferred tax asset realizability analysis relies upon future Swiss taxable income, and considers all available sources of Swiss income based on positive and negative evidence. We give more weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. However, estimating future Swiss taxable income requires judgment, specifically related to assumptions about expected growth rates of future Swiss taxable income, which are based primarily on third party market and industry growth data. Actual results that differ materially from those estimates could have a material impact on our valuation allowance assessment. Swiss interest rates have an impact on the valuation allowance and are based on published Swiss guidance, which generally occurs in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. We have adjusted our valuation allowance for changes in the published interest rates in the past and we may do so again in the future. Switzerland has a seven-year carryforward period and does not permit the carry back of losses. Any significant changes to the Swiss interest rates or tax laws on loss carryforward period could result in a material impact to the valuation allowance and to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Actions we take in connection with acquisitions could also impact the utilization of our Swiss deferred tax asset. As part of the process of preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each jurisdiction in which we operate prior to the completion and filing of tax returns for such periods. This process requires estimating both our geographic mix of income and our uncertain tax positions in each jurisdiction where we operate. These estimates require us to make judgments about the likely application of the tax law to our situation, as well as with respect to other matters, such as anticipating the positions that we will take on tax returns prior to preparing the returns and the outcomes of disputes with tax authorities. The ultimate resolution of these issues may take extended periods of time due to examinations by tax authorities and statutes of limitations. In addition, changes in our business, including acquisitions, changes in our international corporate structure, changes in the geographic location of business functions or assets, changes in the geographic mix and amount of income, as well as changes in our agreements with tax authorities, valuation allowances, applicable accounting rules, applicable tax laws and regulations, rulings and interpretations thereof, developments in tax audit and other matters, and variations in the estimated and actual level of annual pre-tax income can affect the overall effective tax rate. IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS The information under the subheading “Recently Issued Accounting Standards” in Note 1 — Description of Business and Basis of Presentation to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 7. 26 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week period that ends on the Saturday nearest March 31. Our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026 contained 52 weeks and ended on March 28, 2026. Our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 contained 52 weeks and ended on March 29, 2025. For simplicity of disclosure, all fiscal periods are referred to as ending on a calendar month end. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of sales generated from (1) full games sold as digital downloads or as packaged goods and designed for play on game consoles and PCs, (2) live services which primarily includes sales of extra content for console, PC, and mobile games, (3) subscriptions that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits, and (4) licensing our games to third parties to distribute and host our games and content. Comparison of Fiscal Year 2026 to Fiscal Year 2025 Net Revenue Net revenue for fiscal year 2026 was $7,531 million, primarily driven by sales related to our global football, American football, and Battlefield franchises. Net revenue for fiscal year 2026 increased $68 million, as compared to fiscal year 2025. This increase was driven by a $667 million increase in net revenue primarily due to the release of Battlefield 6, partially offset by a $599 million decrease in net revenue primarily from our American football franchise, decreased sales of extra content for Apex Legends, and the prior year release of Dragon Age: The Veilguard. Net Revenue by Composition Our net revenue by composition for fiscal years 2026 and 2025 was as follows (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change Net revenue: Full game downloads $ 1,708 $ 1,478 $ 230 16 % Packaged goods 440 524 (84) (16) % Full game $ 2,148 $ 2,002 $ 146 7 % Live services and other $ 5,383 $ 5,461 $ (78) (1) % Total net revenue $ 7,531 $ 7,463 $ 68 1 % Full Game Net Revenue Full game net revenue includes full game downloads and packaged goods. Full game downloads primarily include revenue from digital sales of full games on console, PC, and certain licensing revenue. Packaged goods primarily include revenue from full games that are sold physically through distribution arrangements, mass market retailers, and specialty stores.

=== EA_2026-02-03.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. In the past, we have experienced certain of the events and circumstances described below, which adversely impacted our business and financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business or financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe could be material that may harm our business or financial performance. MERGER RISKS If our proposed Merger does not close, or is delayed, we may experience financial and operational disruptions. In addition our stock price may decline if the Merger is perceived as uncertain to close. On September 28, 2025, we entered into a Merger Agreement to be acquired by an investor Consortium comprised of the Public Investment Fund, private investment funds affiliated with Silver Lake Group, L.L.C., and private investment funds affiliated with Affinity Partners. The closing of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, many of which are not within our full control. We currently expect that the Merger will be completed in the first quarter of fiscal year 2027. However, we may be unable to obtain and satisfy, or experience delays in obtaining and satisfying, required regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. In addition, both we and the Consortium may terminate the Merger Agreement for reasons specified therein. The announcement and pendency of the Merger could adversely affect our business and stock price, including if the Merger does not close or is delayed, for reasons including the following: • Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger may impair our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel, and could cause customers, suppliers, financial counterparties, and others to seek to change existing business relationships with us. • The Merger Agreement restricts us, without the consent of the Consortium, from making certain acquisitions and investments, from accessing the debt and capital markets, and from taking other specified actions until closing of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement. These restrictions may prevent us from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities and taking other actions with respect to our business that we may consider advantageous. • Our costs of accessing funds in the debt and capital markets may be higher than before execution of the Merger Agreement as a result of actions that could be taken by ratings agencies after announcement of the transaction. • We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs, expenses, and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Merger. Many of the fees and costs will be payable by us even if the Merger is not completed. In addition, we may be required to pay a termination fee of up to $1.0 billion to the Consortium and reimburse certain out-of-pocket expenses if the Merger Agreement is terminated for certain specified reasons. • The Merger may not occur on the expected timeline because of a delay in receiving required regulatory approvals or other reasons. Any delay or inability to close the Merger may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Lawsuits have been or may be filed against us and the members of our Board of Directors arising out of the proposed Merger, which may delay or prevent the proposed Merger or otherwise negatively affect our business and operations. Putative stockholder complaints, including stockholder class action complaints, and other complaints have been or in the future may be filed against us, our Board of Directors and others in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Certain complaints asserted in connection with the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement have been mooted, however, the outcome of any additional litigation is uncertain, and we may not be successful in defending against any such future claims. Lawsuits that have been or may be filed against us, our Board of Directors or others could delay or prevent 48 Table of Contents the Merger from being completed, divert the attention of our management and employees away from our day-to-day business, and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If the Merger is not consummated for any reason, litigation could be filed in connection with the failure to consummate the Merger. STRATEGIC RISKS Our business is intensely competitive. We may not deliver successful and engaging products and services, or consumers may prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own. Competition in our business is intense. Many new products and services are regularly introduced, but only a relatively small number of products and associated services drive significant engagement and account for a significant portion of total revenue. Our competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies to emerging start-ups. In addition, we compete with large, diversified companies that have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities. Their greater financial and other resources provide larger budgets to recruit our key creative and technical talent, develop and market products and services that gain consumer success, shift player time and engagement away from our products and services, or otherwise disrupt our operations. We also expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. If our competitors develop more successful and engaging products or services, offer competitive products or services at lower price points, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality, well-received and engaging products and services, or if our marketing strategies are not innovative or fail to resonate with players, particularly during key selling periods, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. We strive to create innovative and high-quality products and services that allow us to grow the global online communities around our key franchises and reach more players. However, innovative and high-quality titles, even if highly-reviewed or critically acclaimed, may not meet our expectations or the expectations of our players. Many financially successful products and services within our industry are iterations of prior titles with large established consumer bases and significant brand recognition, which makes competing in certain categories challenging. In addition, products or services of our direct competitors or other entertainment companies have shifted consumer spending or engagement from our products and services and may do so in the future, which could cause our products and services to underperform. A significant portion of our revenue historically has been derived from products and services based on a few popular franchises, and the underperformance of a single major title has had, and could in the future have, a material adverse impact on our financial results. For example, we have historically derived a significant portion of our net revenue from sales related to our EA SPORTS FC franchise, annualized versions of which are consistently one of the best-selling games in the marketplace. Any events or circumstances that negatively impact our EA SPORTS FC franchise, including Ultimate Team, such as product or service quality, other products that take a portion of consumer spending and time, the delay or cancellation of a product or service launch, increased competition for key licenses, or real or perceived security or regulatory risks, negatively impacts our financial results to