=== EA_2025-05-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this report. As of March 31, 2025, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 30 Table of Contents Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk MARKET RISK We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and market prices, which have experienced significant volatility. Market risk is the potential loss arising from changes in market rates and market prices. We employ established policies and practices to manage these risks. Foreign currency forward contracts are used to hedge anticipated exposures or mitigate some existing exposures subject to foreign exchange risk as discussed below. While we do not hedge our short-term investment portfolio, we protect our short-term investment portfolio against different market risks, including interest rate risk as discussed below. Our cash and cash equivalents portfolio consists of highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and original or remaining maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for speculative trading purposes and do not hedge our market price risk relating to marketable equity securities, if any. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Foreign Currency Exchange Rates. International sales are a fundamental part of our business, and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar (particularly relative to the Euro, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan, South Korean won and Polish zloty) has a negative impact on our reported international net revenue, but a positive impact on our reported international operating expenses (particularly the Swedish krona and the Canadian dollar) because these amounts are translated at lower rates as compared to periods in which the U.S. dollar is weaker. While we use foreign currency hedging contracts to mitigate some foreign currency exchange risk, these activities are limited in the protection that they provide us and can themselves result in losses. Cash Flow Hedging Activities. We hedge a portion of our foreign currency risk related to forecasted foreign currency-denominated sales and expense transactions by purchasing foreign currency forward contracts that generally have maturities of 18 months or less. These transactions are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. Our hedging programs are designed to reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements in net revenue and research and development expenses. Balance Sheet Hedging Activities . We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency exchange risk associated with foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily intercompany receivables and payables. These foreign currency forward contracts generally have a contractual term of three months or less and are transacted near month-end. We believe the counterparties to our foreign currency forward contracts are creditworthy multinational commercial banks. While we believe the risk of counterparty nonperformance is not material, a sustained decline in the financial stability of financial institutions as a result of disruption in the financial markets could affect our ability to secure creditworthy counterparties for our foreign currency hedging programs. Notwithstanding our efforts to mitigate some foreign currency exchange risks, there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will adequately protect us against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations. As of March 31, 2025, a hypothetical adverse foreign currency exchange rate movement of 10 percent or 20 percent would have resulted in potential declines in the fair value on our foreign currency forward contracts used in cash flow hedging of $241 million or $481 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, a hypothetical adverse foreign currency exchange rate movement of 10 percent or 20 percent would have resulted in potential losses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations on our foreign currency forward contracts used in balance sheet hedging of $109 million or $217 million, respectively. This sensitivity analysis assumes an adverse shift of all foreign currency exchange rates; however, all foreign currency exchange rates do not always move in the same manner and actual results may differ materially. See Note 5 Derivative Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K as it relates to our derivative financial instruments, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 7A. 31 Table of Contents Interest Rate Risk Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our short-term investment portfolio. We manage our interest rate risk by maintaining an investment portfolio generally consisting of debt instruments of high credit quality and relatively short maturities. However, because short-term investments mature relatively quickly and, if reinvested, are invested at the then-current market rates, interest income on a portfolio consisting of short-term investments is subject to market fluctuations to a greater extent than a portfolio of longer term investments. Additionally, the contractual terms of the investments do not permit the issuer to call, prepay or otherwise settle the investments at prices less than the stated par value. Our investments are held for purposes other than trading. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our short-term investment portfolio. As of March 31, 2025, our short-term investments were classified as available-for-sale securities and, consequently, were recorded at fair value with changes in fair value, including unrealized gains and unrealized losses not related to credit losses, reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, in stockholders equity. Notwithstanding our efforts to manage interest rate risks, there can be no assurance that we will be adequately protected against risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. Changes in interest rates affect the fair value of our short-term investment portfolio. To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with our short-term investment portfolio, we performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates would have on the value of the portfolio assuming a 150 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. As of March 31, 2025, a hypothetical 150 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in a $1 million, or 1 percent decrease in the fair market value of our short-term investments. 32 Table of Contents Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Consolidated Financial Statements of Electronic Arts Inc. and Subsidiaries: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 34 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 35 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 36 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 37 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 38 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 39 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ( KPMG LLP , Santa Clara, CA , Auditor Firm ID: 185 ) 78 33 Table of Contents ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except par value data) March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,136 $ 2,900 Short-term investments 112 362 Receivables, net 679 565 Other current assets 349 420 Total current assets 3,276 4,247 Property and equipment, net 586 578 Goodwill 5,376 5,379 Acquisition-related intangibles, net 293 400 Deferred income taxes, net 2,420 2,380 Other assets 417 436 TOTAL ASSETS $ 12,368 $ 13,420 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities $ 1,359 $ 1,276 Deferred net revenue (online-enabled games) 1,700 1,814 Senior notes, current, net 400 Total current liabilities 3,459 3,090 Senior notes, net 1,484 1,882 Income tax obligations 594 497 Other liabilities 445 438 Total liabilities 5,982 5,907 Commitments and contingencies (See Note 14 ) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, $ 0.01 par value. 10 shares authorized Common stock, $ 0.01 par value. 1,000 shares authorized; 252 and 266 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 3 3 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings 6,470 7,582 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( 87 ) ( 72 ) Total stockholders equity 6,386 7,513 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY $ 12,368 $ 13,420 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 34 Table of Contents ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue $ 7,463 $ 7,562 $ 7,426 Cost of revenue 1,543 1,710 1,792 Gross profit 5,920 5,852 5,634 Operating expenses: Research and development 2,569 2,420 2,328 Marketing and sales 962 1,019 978 General and administrative 745 691 727 Amortization and impairment of intangibles 67 142 158 Restructuring (See Note 8 ) 57 62 111 Total operating expenses 4,400 4,334 4,302 Operating income 1,520 1,518 1,332 Interest and other income (expense), net 85 71 ( 6 ) Income before provision for income taxes 1,605 1,589 1,326 Provision for income taxes 484 316 524 Net income $ 1,121 $ 1,273 $ 802 Earnings per share: Basic $ 4.28 $ 4.71 $ 2.90 Diluted $ 4.25 $ 4.68 $ 2.88 Number of shares used in computation: Basic 262 270 277 Diluted 264 272 278 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 35 Table of Contents ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Year Ended March 31, (In millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net income $ 1,121 $ 1,273 $ 802 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities 1 2 Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments 1 ( 3 ) ( 34 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ( 16 ) ( 3 ) ( 50 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ( 15 ) ( 5 ) ( 82 ) Total comprehensive income $ 1,106 $ 1,268 $ 720 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 36 Table of Contents ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In millions, except share data in thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balances as of March 31, 2022 280,051 $ 3 $ $ 7,607 $ 15 $ 7,625 Total comprehensive income (loss) 802 ( 82 ) 720 Stock-based compensation 548 548 Issuance of common stock 3,311 ( 95 ) ( 95 ) Common stock repurchases ( 10,448 ) ( 453 ) ( 842 ) ( 1,295 ) Cash dividends declared ($ 0.76 per common share) ( 210 ) ( 210 ) Balances as of March 31, 2023 272,914 $ 3 $ $ 7,357 $ ( 67 ) $ 7,293 Total comprehensive income (loss) 1,273 ( 5 ) 1,268 Stock-based compensation 584 584 Issuance of common stock 3,496 ( 119 ) ( 119 ) Common stock repurchases and excise tax ( 9,995 ) ( 465 ) ( 843 ) ( 1,308 ) Cash dividends declared ($ 0.76 per common share) ( 205 ) ( 205 ) Balances as of March 31, 2024 266,415 $ 3 $ $ 7,582 $ ( 72 ) $ 7,513 Total comprehensive income (loss) 1,121 ( 15 ) 1,106 Stock-based compensation 642 642 Issuance of common stock 3,532 ( 156 ) ( 156 ) Common stock repurchases and excise tax ( 17,632 ) ( 486 ) ( 2,034 ) ( 2,520 ) Cash dividends declared ($ 0.76 per common share) ( 199 ) ( 199 ) Balances as of March 31, 2025 252,315 $ 3 $ $ 6,470 $ ( 87 ) $ 6,386 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 37 Table of Contents ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended March 31, (In millions) 2025 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income $ 1,121 $ 1,273 $ 802 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization, accretion and impairment 356 404 536 Stock-based compensation 642 584 548 Change in assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ( 115 ) 119 ( 34 ) Other assets 40 148 ( 103 ) Accounts payable, accrued, and other liabilities 190 ( 208 ) 144 Deferred income taxes, net ( 41 ) 82 ( 221 ) Deferred net revenue (online-enabled games) ( 114 ) ( 87 ) ( 122 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 2,079 2,315 1,550 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ( 221 ) ( 199 ) ( 207 ) Proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments 695 632 395 Purchase of short-term investments ( 437 ) ( 640 ) ( 405 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 37 ( 207 ) ( 217 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of common stock 78 77 80 Cash dividends paid ( 199 ) ( 205 ) ( 210 ) Cash paid to taxing authorities for shares withheld from employees ( 234 ) ( 196 ) ( 175 ) Common stock repurchases and excise taxes paid ( 2,508 ) ( 1,300 ) ( 1,295 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 2,863 ) ( 1,624 ) ( 1,600 ) Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents ( 17 ) ( 8 ) ( 41 ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ( 764 ) 476 ( 308 ) Beginning cash and cash equivalents 2,900 2,424 2,732 Ending cash and cash equivalents $ 2,136 $ 2,900 $ 2,424 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for income taxes, net $ 404 $ 300 $ 583 Cash paid during the year for interest 56 56 56 Non-cash investing activities: Change in accrued capital expenditures $ $ 25 $ ( 3 ) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 38 Table of Contents ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (1) DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. We develop, market, publish and deliver games, content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. We create innovative games and experiences that deliver high-quality interactive entertainment and drive engagement across our global network of hundreds of millions of players. Through our live services offerings, we offer high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our full games. We are focusing on building games and experiences that grow the global online communities around our key franchises; deepening engagement through connecting interactive storytelling to key intellectual property; and harnessing our communities to grow in, around, and beyond our games. Consolidation The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Electronic Arts Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Fiscal Year Our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week period that ends on the Saturday nearest March 31. Our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 contained 52 weeks and ended on March 29, 2025. Our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, each contained 52 weeks and ended on March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively. For simplicity of disclosure, all fiscal periods are referred to as ending on a calendar month end. Use of Estimates The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. Such estimates include offering periods for deferred net revenue, sales returns and allowances, provisions for doubtful accounts, accrued liabilities, relative stand-alone selling price for identified performance obligations in our revenue transactions, losses on royalty commitments, estimates regarding the recoverability of prepaid royalties, long-lived assets, discount rates used in the measurement and recognition of lease liabilities, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, certain estimates related to the measurement and recognition of costs resulting from our stock-based payment awards, unrecognized tax benefits, deferred income tax assets and associated valuation allowances, as well as estimates used in our goodwill, intangibles and short-term investment impairment tests. These estimates require us to make judgments, involve analysis of historical and future trends, can require extended periods of time to resolve, and are subject to change from period to period. In all cases, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures . The amendments in this update expand annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. We adopted ASU 2023-07 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025. The adoption did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 18 Segment and Revenue Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Recently Issued Accounting Standards In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvement to Income Tax Disclosures . The amendments further enhance income tax disclosures, primarily through standardization and disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. This ASU is effective for our annual report for fiscal year 2026, with early adoption permitted, and should be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 39 Table of Contents In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses , which requires additional, disaggregated disclosure about certain income statement line items. This ASU is effective for our annual report for fiscal year 2028 and interim periods thereafter on a retrospective or prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption and impact of this ASU on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 40 Table of Contents (2) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Short-Term Investments Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and original or remaining maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. Short-term investments consist of debt securities with original or remaining maturities of greater than three months at the time of purchase and less than a year, and are accounted for as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are available for use in current operations or other activities such as capital expenditures, business combinations and stock repurchases. Unrealized gains and losses on our short-term investments are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders equity, net of tax, until either (1) the security is sold, (2) the security has matured, (3) we determine that the fair value of the security has declined below its adjusted cost basis and the decline is due to an expected credit loss, or (4) we intend to, or more likely than not would be required to, sell a security in an unrealized loss position before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Realized gains and losses on our short-term investments are calculated based on the specific identification method and are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest and other income (expense), net. Determining whether a decline in fair value is due to an expected credit loss requires management judgment based on the specific facts and circumstances of each security. The ultimate value realized on these securities is subject to market price volatility until they are sold. Our short-term investments are evaluated for allowances and impairment quarterly. For investments in an unrealized loss position, we consider various factors in determining whether we should recognize an allowance for expected credit losses or an impairment charge, including the credit quality of the issuer, changes to the rating of the security by rating agencies, the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, reason for the decline in value and potential recovery period, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investees, our intent to sell and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and any contractual terms impacting the prepayment or settlement process, among other factors. We recognize an allowance for credit losses, up to the amount of unrealized loss when appropriate, and write down the amortized cost basis of the investment if we intend to, or it is more likely than not we will be required to, sell the investment before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, and unrealized losses not related to credit losses are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). Based on our evaluation, we did not recognize an allowance for credit losses, nor did we recognize any impairments, as of March 31, 2025 and 2024. Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net, are stated at cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the following useful lives: Buildings 20 to 25 years Computer equipment and software 2 to 6 years Equipment, furniture and fixtures, and other 3 to 5 years Leasehold improvements Lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, ranging from 1 to 14 years We capitalize costs associated with internal-use software development once a project has reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the software, and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the development of the software. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and is ready for its intended purpose. Once internal-use software is ready for its intended use, the assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over each asset s estimated useful life, which is generally three years. We also capitalize costs associated with the purchase of possessable internal-use software licenses in the period we obtain control of the licenses. The net book value of capitalized costs associated with internal-use software was $ 105 million and $ 93 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. 41 Table of Contents Acquisition-Related Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets We recognize acquisition-related intangible assets, such as acquired developed and core technology, in connection with business combinations. We amortize the cost of acquisition-related intangible assets that have finite useful lives generally on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the agreement terms, currently from two to seven years. We evaluate acquisition-related intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. This includes assumptions about future prospects for the business that the asset relates to and typically involves computations of the estimated future cash flows to be generated by these businesses. Based on these judgments and assumptions, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the asset stated on our Consolidated Balance Sheets to reflect its estimated fair value. When we consider such assets to be impaired, the amount of impairment we recognize is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Goodwill Impairment In assessing impairment on our goodwill, we first analyze qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a goodwill impairment test. The qualitative factors we assess include long-term prospects of our performance, share price trends and market capitalization, and Company specific events. If we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, we do not need to perform an impairment test. If based on that assessment, we believe it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value we will measure goodwill for impairment by applying fair value-based tests at the reporting unit level. Reporting units are determined by the components of operating segments that constitute a business for which (1) discrete financial information is available, (2) segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that component, and (3) whether the component has dissimilar economic characteristics to other components. As of March 31, 2025, we have only one reportable segment, which represents our only operating segment. Revenue Recognition We derive revenue principally from sales of our games, and related extra content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. Our product and service offerings include, but are not limited to, the following: full games with both online and offline functionality ( Games with Services ), which generally includes (1) the initial game delivered digitally or via physical disc at the time of sale and typically provide access to offline core game content ( software license ); (2) updates on a when-and-if-available basis, such as software patches or updates, and/or additional free content to be delivered in the future ( future update rights ); and (3) a hosted connection for online playability ( online hosting ); full games with online-only functionality which require an Internet connection to access all gameplay and functionality ( Online-Hosted Service Games ); extra content related to Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games which provides access to additional in-game content; subscriptions, such as EA Play and EA Play Pro, that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits typically for a recurring monthly or annual fee; and licensing to third parties to distribute and host our games and content. We evaluate and recognize revenue by: identifying the contract(s) with the customer; identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (i.e., transfer of control ). 42 Table of Contents Certain of our full game and/or extra content are sold to resellers with a contingency that the full game and/or extra content cannot be resold prior to a specific date ( Street Date Contingency ). We recognize revenue for transactions that have a Street Date Contingency when the Street Date Contingency is removed and the full game and/or extra content can be resold by the reseller. For digital full game and/or extra content downloads sold to customers, we recognize revenue when the full game and/or extra content is made available for download to the customer. Online-Enabled Games Games with Services. Our sales of Games with Services are evaluated to determine whether the software license, future update rights and the online hosting are distinct and separable. Sales of Games with Services are generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting. Since we do not sell the performance obligations on a stand-alone basis, we consider market conditions and other observable inputs to estimate the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation. For Games with Services, generally 75 percent of the sales price is allocated to the software license performance obligation and recognized at a point in time when control of the license has been transferred to the customer. The remaining 25 percent is allocated to the future update rights and the online hosting performance obligations and recognized ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period). Online-Hosted Service Games. Sales of our Online-Hosted Service Games are determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online hosting. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period). Extra Content. Revenue received from sales of downloadable content are derived primarily from the sale of virtual currencies and digital in-game content that are designed to extend and enhance players game experience. Sales of extra content are accounted for in a manner consistent with the treatment for our Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games as discussed above, depending upon whether or not the extra content has offline functionality. That is, if the extra content has offline functionality, then the extra content is accounted for similarly to Games with Services (generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting). If the extra content does not have offline functionality, then the extra content is determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online-hosted service. Subscriptions Sales of our subscriptions are determined to have one performance obligation: the online hosting. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably over the subscription term as the performance obligation is satisfied. Licensing Revenue We utilize third-party licensees to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations, such as a time-based license of software and future update rights. We recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we transfer control of the license of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. Any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales occur by the licensee. Significant Judgments around Revenue Arrangements Identifying performance obligations. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is separately identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply judgment to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 43 Table of Contents Determining the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring our goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment of contractual terms and business practices. It further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. In addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate of the variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. Sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur. Allocating the transaction price. Allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. Determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially in situations where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions). In those situations, we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that is reasonably available. Examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analysis, pre-release versus post-release costs, and pricing data from competitors to the extent the data is available. The results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance obligation. Determining the Estimated Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online hosting for the game and related extra content sold. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period for the service-related performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the average period of time customers are online when estimating the offering period. We also consider the estimated period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to the customer (i.e., time in channel). Based on these two factors, we then consider the method of distribution. For example, games and extra content sold at retail would have a composite offering period equal to the online gameplay period plus time in channel as opposed to digitally-distributed games and extra content which are delivered immediately via digital download and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be only the online gameplay period. Additionally, we consider results from prior analyses, known and expected online gameplay trends, as well as disclosed service periods for competitors games in determining the Estimated Offering Period for future sales. We believe this provides a reasonable depiction of the transfer of future update rights and online hosting to our customers, as it is the best representation of the time period during which our games and extra content are experienced. We recognize revenue for future update rights and online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery for these performance obligations. Revenue for service-related performance obligations for digitally-distributed games and extra content is recognized over an estimated eight-month period beginning in the month of sale, revenue for service-related performance obligations for games and extra content sold through retail is recognized over an estimated ten-month period beginning in the month of sale, and revenue for service related performance obligations related to our PC and console free-to-play games is recognized generally over a twelve-month period beginning in the month of sale. Principal Agent Considerations We evaluate sales to end customers of our full games and related content via third-party storefronts, including digital storefronts such as Microsoft s Xbox Store, Sony s PlayStation Store, Apple App Store, and Google Play Store, in order to determine whether or not we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end customer, which we consider in determining if revenue should be reported gross or net of fees retained by the third-party storefront. An entity is the principal if it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the end customer. Key indicators that we evaluate in determining gross versus net treatment include but are not limited to the following: the underlying contract terms and conditions between the various parties to the transaction; which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service to the end customer; which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service; and which party has title risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to the end customer. Based on an evaluation of the above indicators, except as discussed below, we have determined that generally the third party is considered the principal to end customers for the sale of our full games and related content. We therefore report revenue related to these arrangements net of the fees retained by the storefront. However, for sales arrangements via Apple App Store and Google Play Store, EA is considered the principal to the end customer and thus, we report revenue on a gross basis and mobile platform fees are reported within cost of revenue. 44 Table of Contents Payment Terms Substantially all of our transactions have payment terms, whether customary or on an extended basis, of less than one year; therefore, we generally do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of any potential financing components that may exist. Sales and Value-Added Taxes Revenue is recorded net of taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed at the time of the specific revenue-producing transaction between us and our customer, such as sales and value-added taxes. Sales Returns and Price Protection Reserves Sales returns and price protection are considered variable consideration. We reduce revenue for estimated future returns and price protection which may occur with our distributors and retailers ( channel partners ). Price protection represents our practice to provide our channel partners with a credit allowance to lower their wholesale price on a particular game unit that they have not resold to customers. The amount of the price protection for permanent markdowns is the difference between the old wholesale price and the new reduced wholesale price. Credits are also given for short-term promotions that temporarily reduce the wholesale price. In certain countries we also have a practice for allowing channel partners to return older products in the channel in exchange for a credit allowance. When evaluating the adequacy of sales returns and price protection reserves, we analyze the following: historical credit allowances, current sell-through of our channel partners inventory of our products, current trends in retail and the video game industry, changes in customer demand, acceptance of our products, and other related factors. In addition, we monitor the volume of sales to our channel partners and their inventories, as substantial overstocking in the distribution channel could result in high returns or higher price protection in subsequent periods. Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities Taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue transactions between us and our customers are presented on a net basis in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers We extend credit to various customers. Collection of trade receivables may be affected by changes in economic or other industry conditions and may, accordingly, impact our overall credit risk. Although we generally do not require collateral, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain reserves for potential credit losses. Invoices are aged based on contractual terms with our customers. The provision for doubtful accounts is recorded as a charge to general and administrative expense when a potential loss is identified. Losses are written off against the allowance when the receivable is determined to be uncollectible. At March 31, 2025, we had two customers who accounted for approximately 35 percent and 28 percent of our consolidated gross receivables, respectively. At March 31, 2024, we had two customers who accounted for approximately 32 percent and 27 percent of our consolidated gross receivables, respectively. A majority of our sales are made via digital resellers, channel and platform partners. During the fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, approximately 88 percent, 80 percent, and 81 percent, respectively, of our net revenue was derived from our top ten customers and/or platform partners. Currently, a majority of our revenue is derived through sales of products and services playable on hardware consoles from Sony and Microsoft. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, our net revenue for products and services on Sony s PlayStation 4 and 5, and Microsoft s Xbox One and Series X consoles (combined across all four platforms) was approximately 62 percent, 59 percent, and 58 percent, respectively. These platform partners have significant influence over the products and services that we offer on their platforms. Short-term investments are placed with high quality financial institutions or in short-duration, investment-grade securities. We limit the amount of credit exposure in any one financial institution or type of investment instrument. 45 Table of Contents Royalties and Licenses Royalty-based obligations with content licensors and distribution affiliates are either paid in advance and capitalized as prepaid royalties or are accrued as incurred and subsequently paid. For contracts with guaranteed minimums, these royalty-based obligations are generally expensed to cost of revenue at the greater of the contractual rate or an effective royalty rate based on the total projected net revenue. Prepayments made to thinly capitalized independent software developers and co-publishing affiliates are generally made in connection with the development of a particular product, and therefore, we are subject to development risk prior to the release of the product. Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of a product are generally expensed to research and development over the development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after completion of the product (primarily royalty-based in nature) are generally expensed as cost of revenue. Our contracts with some licensors include minimum guaranteed royalty payments, which are initially recorded as an asset and as a liability at the contractual amount when no performance remains with the licensor. When performance remains with the licensor, we record guarantee payments as an asset when actually paid and as a liability when incurred, rather than recording the asset and liability upon execution of the contract. Each quarter, we also evaluate the expected future realization of our royalty-based assets, as well as any unrecognized minimum commitments not yet paid to determine amounts we deem unlikely to be realized through future revenue. Any impairments or losses determined before the launch of a product are generally charged to research and development expense. Impairments or losses determined post-launch are charged to cost of revenue. We evaluate long-lived royalty-based assets for impairment using undiscounted cash flows when impairment indicators exist. If an impairment exists, then the related assets are written down to fair value. Unrecognized minimum royalty-based commitments are recognized when the underlying intellectual property is abandoned (i.e., the date EA commits to cease use of the IP) or the contractual rights to use the intellectual property are terminated. Advertising Costs We generally expense advertising costs as incurred, except for production costs associated with media campaigns, which are recognized as prepaid assets (to the extent paid in advance) and expensed at the first run of the advertisement. We are reimbursed by our vendors for certain advertising costs incurred by us that benefit our vendors. Such amounts are recognized as a reduction of marketing and sales expense if the advertising (1) is specific to the vendor, (2) represents an identifiable benefit to us, and (3) represents an incremental cost to us. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, advertising expense, net of vendor reimbursements, totaled approximately $ 289 million, $ 375 million, and $ 348 million, respectively. Software Development Costs Research and development costs, which consist primarily of software development costs, are expensed as incurred. We are required to capitalize software development costs incurred for computer software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed after technological feasibility of the software is established or for development costs that have alternative future uses. Under our current practice of developing games, the technological feasibility of the underlying software is not established until substantially all product development and testing is complete, which generally includes the development of a working model. Software development costs that have been capitalized to date have been insignificant. Foreign Currency Translation Generally, the functional currency for our foreign operating subsidiaries is its local currency. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates, and revenue and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders equity. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are a result of the effect of exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Net gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions of $( 29 ) million, $( 10 ) million, and $ 31 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, are included in interest and other income (expense), net, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. These net gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions are partially offset by net gains (losses) on our foreign currency forward contracts of $ 45 million, $ 12 million, and $( 29 ) million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. See Note 5 for additional information on our foreign currency forward contracts. 46 Table of Contents Income Taxes We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement amount and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax losses and tax credit carryforwards. We do not recognize any deferred taxes related to the U.S. taxes on foreign earnings as we recognize these taxes as a period cost. Every quarter, we perform a realizability analysis to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our Swiss deferred tax asset realizability analysis relies upon future Swiss taxable income, and considers all available sources of Swiss income based on positive and negative evidence. We give more weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. However, estimating future Swiss taxable income requires judgment, specifically related to assumptions about expected growth rates of future Swiss taxable income, which are based primarily on third party market and industry growth data. Actual results that differ materially from those estimates could have a material impact on our valuation allowance assessment. Although objectively verifiable, Swiss interest rates have an impact on the valuation allowance and are based on published Swiss guidance. Any significant changes to such interest rates could result in a material impact to the valuation allowance. Switzerland has a seven-year carryforward period and does not permit the carry back of losses. Actions we take in connection with acquisitions could also impact the utilization of our Swiss deferred tax asset. Stock Repurchases Shares of our common stock repurchased pursuant to our repurchase program, if any, are retired. The purchase price of such repurchased shares of common stock is recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. If the balance in additional paid-in capital is exhausted, the excess is recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. Restructuring We generally recognize employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable or when notification occurs, depending on the region in which an employee works. Costs related to non-lease contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or the cease-use dates. Other exit-related costs are recognized as incurred. 47 Table of Contents (3) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS There are various valuation techniques used to estimate fair value, the primary one being the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. We measure certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis. Fair Value Hierarchy The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are as follows: Level 1 . Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 . Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets), or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated with observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 . Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of assets or liabilities. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, our assets and liabilities that were measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions): Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using As of March 31, 2025 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Financial Instruments Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Balance Sheet Classification Assets Bank and time deposits $ 58 $ 58 $ $ Cash equivalents Money market funds 904 904 Cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities: Corporate bonds 46 46 Short-term investments U.S. Treasury securities 12 12 Short-term investments Foreign government securities 4 4 Short-term investments Asset-backed securities 50 50 Short-term investments Foreign currency derivatives 28 28 Other current assets and other assets Deferred compensation plan assets (a) 36 36 Other assets Total assets at fair value $ 1,138 $ 1,010 $ 128 $ Liabilities Foreign currency derivatives $ 26 $ $ 26 $ Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities and other liabilities Deferred compensation plan liabilities (a) 36 36 Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value $ 62 $ 36 $ 26 $ 48 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using As of March 31, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Financial Instruments Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Balance Sheet Classification Assets Bank and time deposits $ 58 $ 58 $ $ Cash equivalents Money market funds 1,038 1,038 Cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities: Corporate bonds 130 130 Short-term investments U.S. Treasury securities 95 95 Short-term investments U.S. agency securities 9 9 Short-term investments Commercial paper 74 74 Short-term investments and cash equivalents Foreign government securities 8 8 Short-term investments Asset-backed securities 41 41 Short-term investments Certificates of deposit 13 13 Short-term investments Foreign currency derivatives 29 29 Other current assets and other assets Deferred compensation plan assets (a) 30 30 Other assets Total assets at fair value $ 1,525 $ 1,221 $ 304 $ Liabilities Foreign currency derivatives $ 20 $ $ 20 $ Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities and other liabilities Deferred compensation plan liabilities (a) 31 31 Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value $ 51 $ 31 $ 20 $ (a) The Deferred Compensation Plan consists of various mutual funds. See Note 15 for additional information regarding our Deferred Compensation Plan. 49 Table of Contents (4) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Cash and Cash Equivalents As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, our cash and cash equivalents were $ 2,136 million and $ 2,900 million, respectively. Cash equivalents were valued using quoted market prices or other readily available market information. Short-Term Investments Short-term investments consisted of the following as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 As of March 31, 2024 Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Fair Value Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Fair Value Gains Losses Gains Losses Corporate bonds $ 46 $ $ $ 46 $ 130 $ $ $ 130 U.S. Treasury securities 12 12 95 95 U.S. agency securities 9 9 Commercial paper 66 66 Foreign government securities 4 4 8 8 Asset-backed securities 50 50 41 41 Certificates of deposit 13 13 Short-term investments $ 112 $ $ $ 112 $ 362 $ $ $ 362 The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of our short-term investments, classified by stated maturity as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 As of March 31, 2024 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Short-term investments Due within 1 year $ 46 $ 46 $ 231 $ 231 Due 1 year through 5 years 63 63 126 126 Due after 5 years 3 3 5 5 Short-term investments $ 112 $ 112 $ 362 $ 362 50 Table of Contents (5) DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Assets or liabilities associated with our derivative instruments and hedging activities are recorded at fair value in other current assets/other assets, or accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities/other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As discussed below, the accounting for gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value depends on the use of the derivative instrument and whether it is designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, subjecting us to foreign currency risk. We purchase foreign currency forward contracts, generally with maturities of 18 months or less, to reduce the volatility of cash flows primarily related to forecasted revenue and expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies. Our cash flow risks are primarily related to fluctuations in the Euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Swedish krona, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan, South Korean won and Polish zloty. In addition, we utilize foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency exchange risk associated with foreign-currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily intercompany receivables and payables. The foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments generally have a contractual term of approximately three months or less and are transacted near month-end. We do not use foreign currency forward contracts for speculative trading purposes. Cash Flow Hedging Activities Certain of our forward contracts are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. To qualify for hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedges and must be highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. The derivative assets or liabilities associated with our hedging activities are recorded at fair value in other current assets/other assets, or accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities/other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these hedges are initially reported, net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders equity. The gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these hedges are subsequently reclassified into net revenue or research and development expenses, as appropriate, in the period when the forecasted transaction is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In the event that the underlying forecasted transactions do not occur, or it becomes remote that they will occur within the defined hedge period, the gains or losses on the related cash flow hedges are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net revenue or research and development expenses, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total gross notional amounts and fair values for currency derivatives with cash flow hedge accounting designation are as follows (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 As of March 31, 2024 Notional Amount Fair Value Notional Amount Fair Value Asset Liability Asset Liability Forward contracts to purchase $ 463 $ 4 $ 7 $ 413 $ 1 $ 4 Forward contracts to sell $ 1,970 $ 20 $ 16 $ 2,329 $ 24 $ 11 The effects of cash flow hedge accounting in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue Research and development Net revenue Research and development Net revenue Research and development Total amounts presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded $ 7,463 $ 2,569 $ 7,562 $ 2,420 $ 7,426 $ 2,328 Gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges $ 18 $ ( 11 ) $ 56 $ ( 8 ) $ 185 $ ( 18 ) Balance Sheet Hedging Activities Our foreign currency forward contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments are accounted for as derivatives whereby the fair value of the contracts are reported as other current assets or accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value are reported in interest and other income (expense), net, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The gains and losses on these foreign currency forward contracts generally offset the gains and losses in the underlying foreign-currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which are also reported in interest and other income (expense), net, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total gross notional amounts and fair values for currency derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are accounted for as follows (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 As of March 31, 2024 Notional Amount Fair Value Notional Amount Fair Value Asset Liability Asset Liability Forward contracts to purchase $ 511 $ 1 $ 2 $ 452 $ $ 5 Forward contracts to sell $ 582 $ 3 $ 1 $ 419 $ 4 $ The effect of foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, was as follows (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Interest and other income (expense), net Total amounts presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of balance sheet hedges are recorded $ 85 $ 71 $ ( 6 ) Gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments $ 45 $ 12 $ ( 29 ) 51 Table of Contents (6) ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component, net of tax, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions): Unrealized Net Gains (Losses) on Available-for-Sale Securities Unrealized Net Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Total Balances as of March 31, 2022 $ ( 3 ) $ 47 $ ( 29 ) $ 15 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 1 133 ( 50 ) 84 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 1 ( 167 ) ( 166 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 2 ( 34 ) ( 50 ) ( 82 ) Balances as of March 31, 2023 $ ( 1 ) $ 13 $ ( 79 ) $ ( 67 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 1 45 ( 3 ) 43 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( 48 ) ( 48 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 1 ( 3 ) ( 3 ) ( 5 ) Balances as of March 31, 2024 $ $ 10 $ ( 82 ) $ ( 72 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 8 ( 16 ) ( 8 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( 7 ) ( 7 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 1 ( 16 ) ( 15 ) Balances as of March 31, 2025 $ $ 11 $ ( 98 ) $ ( 87 ) The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were as follows (in millions): Statement of Operations Classification Amount Reclassified From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 (Gains) losses on available-for-sale securities: Interest and other income (expense), net $ $ $ 1 Total, net of tax 1 (Gains) losses on foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges Net revenue ( 18 ) ( 56 ) ( 185 ) Research and development 11 8 18 Total, net of tax ( 7 ) ( 48 ) ( 167 ) Total net (gain) loss reclassified, net of tax $ ( 7 ) $ ( 48 ) $ ( 166 ) 52 Table of Contents (7) GOODWILL AND ACQUISITION-RELATED INTANGIBLES, NET The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows (in millions): As of March 31, 2024 Activity Effects of Foreign Currency Translation As of March 31, 2025 Goodwill $ 5,747 $ $ ( 3 ) $ 5,744 Accumulated impairment ( 368 ) ( 368 ) Total $ 5,379 $ $ ( 3 ) $ 5,376 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 are as follows (in millions): As of March 31, 2023 Activity Effects of Foreign Currency Translation As of March 31, 2024 Goodwill $ 5,748 $ $ ( 1 ) $ 5,747 Accumulated impairment ( 368 ) ( 368 ) Total $ 5,380 $ $ ( 1 ) $ 5,379 Acquisition-related intangibles consisted of the following (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 As of March 31, 2024 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Acquisition- Related Intangibles, Net Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Acquisition- Related Intangibles, Net Developed and core technology $ 933 $ ( 790 ) $ 143 $ 1,025 $ ( 821 ) $ 204 Trade names and trademarks 501 ( 351 ) 150 502 ( 306 ) 196 Registered user base and other intangibles 56 ( 56 ) 56 ( 56 ) Total $ 1,490 $ ( 1,197 ) $ 293 $ 1,583 $ ( 1,183 ) $ 400 Amortization of intangibles, including impairments, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are classified in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cost of revenue $ 40 $ 76 $ 120 Operating expenses 67 142 158 Restructuring 66 Total $ 107 $ 218 $ 344 During fiscal year 2025, we did not recognize any material impairment charges for acquisition-related intangible assets. During fiscal year 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $ 70 million for acquisition-related intangible assets, of which $ 53 million was recorded within operating expenses and $ 17 million was recorded within cost of revenue. During fiscal year 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $ 106 million for acquisition-related intangible assets, of which $ 66 million was recorded within restructuring, $ 28 million was recorded within operating expenses, and $ 12 million was recorded within cost of revenue. Acquisition-related intangible assets are generally amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the agreement terms, currently ranging from 2 to 7 years. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, the weighted-average remaining useful life for acquisition-related intangible assets was approximately 3.2 years and 4.1 years, respectively. 53 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2025, future amortization of finite-lived acquisition-related intangibles that will be recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is estimated as follows (in millions): Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2026 $ 102 2027 83 2028 80 2029 28 Total $ 293 54 Table of Contents (8) RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES Fiscal 2024 Restructuring In fiscal year 2024, we announced a restructuring plan (the 2024 Restructuring Plan ) focused on aligning our portfolio, investments, and resources in support of our strategic priorities and growth initiatives. This plan reflects actions driven by portfolio rationalization, including costs associated with licensor commitments, as well as reductions in real estate and headcount. The actions associated with this plan were substantially completed by March 31, 2025. Since the inception of the 2024 Restructuring Plan through March 31, 2025, we have incurred net charges of $ 123 million. We do not expect to incur any additional restructuring charges under this plan. Restructuring activities as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 was as follows (in millions): Licensor Commitments (a) Workforce (a) Office Space Reductions Total Charges to operations $ 30 $ 29 $ 2 $ 61 Charges settled in cash ( 17 ) ( 5 ) ( 22 ) Impairment and other charges ( 13 ) ( 2 ) ( 15 ) Liability as of March 31, 2024 $ $ 24 $ $ 24 Charges to operations 5 57 62 Charges settled in cash ( 24 ) ( 24 ) Impairment and other charges ( 5 ) ( 57 ) ( 62 ) Liability as of March 31, 2025 $ $ $ $ (a) Charges are recorded within Restructuring in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Of the $ 59 million in charges associated with office space reductions to date under the 2024 Restructuring Plan, $ 52 million is recorded within Restructuring during fiscal year 2025, as it is related to impairments of right-of-use assets and associated property, plant, and equipment for certain operating leases, and $ 7 million is recorded within General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 55 Table of Contents (9) ROYALTIES AND LICENSES Our royalty expenses consist of payments to (1) content licensors, (2) independent software developers, and (3) co-publishing and/or distribution affiliates. Content license royalties consist of payments made to sports organizations, movie studios, and others for our use of their trademarks, copyrights, personal publicity rights, content and/or other intellectual property. Royalty payments to independent software developers are payments for the development of intellectual property related to our games. Co-publishing and distribution royalties are payments made to third parties for the delivery of products. During fiscal years 2025 and 2023, we did not recognize any material losses or impairment charges on royalty-based commitments. During fiscal year 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $ 30 million for costs associated with licensor commitments, all of which were recorded within Restructuring in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The current and long-term portions of prepaid royalties and minimum guaranteed royalty-related assets, included in other current assets and other assets, consisted of (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 2024 Other current assets $ 55 $ 98 Other assets 23 24 Royalty-related assets $ 78 $ 122 At any given time, depending on the timing of our payments to our content licensors, independent software developers, co-publishing, and/or distribution affiliates, we classify any recognized unpaid royalty amounts due to these parties as accrued liabilities. The current and long-term portions of accrued royalties, included in accrued and other current liabilities and other liabilities, consisted of (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 2024 Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities $ 226 $ 189 Other liabilities 9 20 Royalty-related liabilities $ 235 $ 209 As of March 31, 2025, we were committed to pay approximately $ 1,509 million to content licensors, independent software developers, and co-publishing and/or distribution affiliates, but performance remained with the counterparty (i.e., delivery of the product or content or other factors) and such commitments were therefore not recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 14 for further information on our developer and licensor commitments. 56 Table of Contents (10) BALANCE SHEET DETAILS Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net, as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 2024 Computer, equipment and software $ 1,033 $ 965 Buildings 379 376 Leasehold improvements 229 190 Equipment, furniture and fixtures, and other 109 92 Land 66 67 Construction in progress 21 47 1,837 1,737 Less: accumulated depreciation ( 1,251 ) ( 1,159 ) Property and equipment, net $ 586 $ 578 Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment was $ 204 million, $ 196 million and $ 193 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Accounts Payable, Accrued, and Other Current Liabilities Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 2024 Accounts payable $ 105 $ 110 Accrued compensation and benefits 486 476 Accrued royalties 226 189 Deferred net revenue (other) 94 59 Operating lease liabilities (See Note 13 ) 67 66 Other accrued expenses 297 286 Sales returns and price protection reserves 84 90 Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities $ 1,359 $ 1,276 Deferred net revenue (other) includes the deferral of licensing arrangements, subscription revenue, and other revenue for which revenue recognition criteria has not been met. Deferred net revenue Deferred net revenue as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, consisted of (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 2024 Deferred net revenue (online-enabled games) $ 1,700 $ 1,814 Deferred net revenue (other) 94 59 Deferred net revenue (noncurrent) 72 85 Total deferred net revenue $ 1,866 $ 1,958 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized $ 1,875 million and $ 1,987 million of revenue, respectively, that were included in the deferred net revenue balance at the beginning of the period. 57 Table of Contents Remaining Performance Obligations As of March 31, 2025, revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations consists of our deferred revenue balance of $ 1,866 million. These balances exclude any estimates for future variable consideration as we have elected the optional exemption to exclude sales-based royalty revenue. 58 Table of Contents (11) INCOME TAXES The components of our income before provision for income taxes for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Domestic $ 447 $ 437 $ 315 Foreign 1,158 1,152 1,011 Income before provision for income taxes $ 1,605 $ 1,589 $ 1,326 Provision for income taxes for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 consisted of (in millions): Current Deferred Total Year Ended March 31, 2025 Federal $ 369 $ ( 136 ) $ 233 State 53 ( 28 ) 25 Foreign 102 124 226 $ 524 $ ( 40 ) $ 484 Year Ended March 31, 2024 Federal $ 138 $ 85 $ 223 State 20 9 29 Foreign 76 ( 12 ) 64 $ 234 $ 82 $ 316 Year Ended March 31, 2023 Federal $ 570 $ ( 339 ) $ 231 State 92 ( 76 ) 16 Foreign 75 202 277 $ 737 $ ( 213 ) $ 524 The differences between the statutory tax rate and our effective tax rate, expressed as a percentage of income before provision for income taxes, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were as follows: Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Statutory federal tax expense rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % State taxes, net of federal benefit 0.9 % 1.1 % 1.1 % Differences between statutory rate and foreign effective tax rate 3.8 % 2.9 % 7.6 % Research and development credits ( 2.3 ) % ( 2.4 ) % ( 3.0 ) % Swiss valuation allowance 3.2 % ( 0.3 ) % 8.9 % Effect of change in enacted tax rate % ( 5.8 ) % % Non-deductible stock-based compensation 3.2 % 2.8 % 3.2 % Other 0.4 % 0.6 % 0.7 % Effective tax rate 30.2 % 19.9 % 39.5 % During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we recognized a $ 51 million tax charge to increase the valuation allowance on Swiss deferred tax assets as a result of various factors including our business operations, geographical income mix, and an increase in the Swiss interest rates. Excluding the effect of the change in valuation allowance, the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025 would have been 27.0 percent. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, we recognized a $ 92 million tax benefit to remeasure our Swiss deferred tax assets as a result of an increase in the Swiss statutory tax rate. In addition, we recognized a lower period cost for U.S. tax on our 59 Table of Contents non-U.S. earnings, including a cumulative one-time benefit, due to R D capitalization guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury during the fiscal year. Excluding the effects of these items, the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 would have been 26.7 percent. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we recognized a $ 118 million tax charge to increase the valuation allowance on Swiss deferred tax assets, primarily as a result of an increase in Swiss interest rates. Our foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. tax, and to the extent earnings from these subsidiaries can be repatriated without a material tax cost, such earnings will not be indefinitely reinvested. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $ 1.1 billion of our cash and cash equivalents were domiciled in foreign tax jurisdictions. All of our foreign cash is available for repatriation without a material tax cost. The components of net deferred tax assets, as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 2024 Deferred tax assets: Accruals, reserves and other expenses $ 227 $ 200 Tax credit carryforwards 235 222 Research and development capitalization 523 375 Stock-based compensation 43 41 Net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards 450 403 Swiss intra-entity tax asset 1,485 1,618 Total 2,963 2,859 Valuation allowance ( 534 ) ( 464 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 2,429 2,395 Deferred tax liabilities: Amortization and depreciation ( 7 ) ( 10 ) Other ( 3 ) ( 6 ) Total ( 10 ) ( 16 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance and deferred tax liabilities $ 2,419 $ 2,379 As of March 31, 2025, we have net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $ 3.0 billion of which approximately $ 40 million is attributable to various acquired companies. The net operating loss carry forwards include $ 2.9 billion related to Switzerland and $ 31 million related to California. Substantially all of these carryforwards, if not fully realized, will begin to expire in fiscal year 2027. Switzerland has a seven-year carryforward period and does not permit the carry back of losses. We also have U.S. federal credit carryforwards of $ 6 million and California credit carryforwards of $ 219 million. The California tax credit carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. As of March 31, 2025, we maintained a total valuation allowance of $ 534 million related to certain U.S. state deferred tax assets, Swiss deferred tax assets, and foreign capital loss carryovers, due to uncertainty about the future realization of these assets. 60 Table of Contents The total unrecognized tax benefits as of March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $ 688 million, $ 804 million and $ 867 million, respectively. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits is summarized as follows (in millions): Balance as of March 31, 2022 $ 636 Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to current year tax positions 245 Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to settlements with taxing authorities ( 2 ) Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ( 6 ) Changes in unrecognized tax benefits due to foreign currency translation ( 6 ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 867 Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions 14 Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions ( 173 ) Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to current year tax positions 97 Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ( 2 ) Changes in unrecognized tax benefits due to foreign currency translation 1 Balance as of March 31, 2024 804 Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions 18 Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions ( 214 ) Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to current year tax positions 94 Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to settlements with taxing authorities ( 12 ) Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ( 2 ) Balance as of March 31, 2025 $ 688 As of March 31, 2025, approximately $ 482 million of the unrecognized tax benefits would affect our effective tax rate, a portion of which would be impacted by a valuation allowance. Interest and penalties related to estimated obligations for tax positions taken in our tax returns are recognized in income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The combined amount of accrued interest and penalties related to tax positions taken on our tax returns and included in non-current other liabilities was approximately $ 127 million as of March 31, 2025 and $ 91 million as of March 31, 2024. We file income tax returns in the United States, including various state and local jurisdictions. As of March 31, 2025, our subsidiaries file tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, Germany, South Korea, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. As of the period ended March 31, 2025, we remain subject to income tax examination in these jurisdictions, including the United States for fiscal years after 2017, Canada for fiscal years after 2014, Germany for fiscal years after 2016, South Korea for fiscal years after 2018, Switzerland for fiscal years after 2014, and the United Kingdom for fiscal years after 2021. We are currently under income tax examination in various jurisdictions, including the United States for fiscal years 2018 through 2021. The timing and potential resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain. While we continue to measure our uncertain tax positions, the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued. It is also reasonably possible that material reduction of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months, a portion of which would impact our effective tax rate. The actual amount could vary significantly depending on the ultimate timing and nature of any settlements and tax interpretations. 61 Table of Contents (12) FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS Senior Notes In February 2021, we issued $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of 1.85 % Senior Notes due February 15, 2031 (the 2031 Notes ) and $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95 % Senior Notes due February 15, 2051 (the 2051 Notes ). Our proceeds were $ 1,478 million, net of discount of $ 6 million and issuance costs of $ 16 million. Both the discount and issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the 2031 Notes and the 2051 Notes using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate is 1.98 % for the 2031 Notes and 3.04 % for the 2051 Notes. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on February 15 and August 15 of each year. In February 2016, we issued $ 400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.80 % Senior Notes due March 1, 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). Our proceeds were $ 395 million, net of discount of $ 1 million and issuance costs of $ 4 million. Both the discount and issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2026 Notes using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate was 4.97 %. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on March 1 and September 1 of each year. The carrying and fair values of the Senior Notes are as follows (in millions): As of March 31, 2025 As of March 31, 2024 Senior Notes: 4.80 % Senior Notes due 2026 $ 400 $ 400 1.85 % Senior Notes due 2031 750 750 2.95 % Senior Notes due 2051 750 750 Total principal amount $ 1,900 $ 1,900 Unaccreted discount ( 5 ) ( 5 ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ( 11 ) ( 13 ) Net carrying value of Senior Notes $ 1,884 $ 1,882 Fair value of Senior Notes (Level 2) $ 1,511 $ 1,515 As of March 31, 2025, the remaining life of the 2026 Notes, 2031 Notes and 2051 Notes is approximately 0.9 years, 5.9 years, and 25.9 years, respectively. The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all our other existing and future unsubordinated obligations and any indebtedness that we may incur from time to time under our Credit Facility. The 2026 Notes, 2031 Notes and 2051 Notes are redeemable at our option at any time prior to December 1, 2025, November 15, 2030, and August 15, 2050, respectively, subject to a make-whole premium. After such dates, we may redeem each such series of Notes, respectively, at a redemption price equal to 100 % of the aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, the holders of each such series of Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of these Notes, at a price equal to 101 % of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. Each such series of Notes also include covenants that limit our ability to incur liens on assets and to enter into sale and leaseback transactions, subject to certain allowances. 62 Table of Contents Credit Facility On March 22, 2023, we entered into a $ 500 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility") with a syndicate of banks. The Credit Facility terminates on March 22, 2028 unless the maturity is extended in accordance with its terms. The Credit Facility contains an option to arrange with existing lenders and/or new lenders to provide up to an aggregate of $ 500 million in additional commitments for revolving loans. Proceeds of loans made under the Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes. The loans denominated in U.S. dollars bear interest, at our option, at the base rate plus an applicable spread or at a forward-looking term rate based upon the secured overnight financing rate plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 % per annum (the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate ) plus an applicable spread, in each case with such spread based on our debt credit ratings. We are also obligated to pay other customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type. Interest is due and payable in arrears quarterly for loans bearing interest at the base rate and at the end of an interest period in the case of loans bearing interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. Principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable on the maturity date, as such date may be extended in connection with the extension option. We may prepay the loans and terminate the commitments, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty, subject to certain conditions. The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability to, among other things, incur subsidiary indebtedness, grant liens, and dispose of all or substantially all assets, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. We are also required to maintain compliance with a debt to EBITDA ratio. As of March 31, 2025, we were in compliance with the debt to EBITDA ratio. The Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including among others, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, material judgment defaults and a change of control default, in each case, subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the Credit Facility and an increase in the applicable interest rate. As of March 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding under the Credit Facility. $ 2 million of debt issuance costs that were paid in connection with obtaining this credit facility are being amortized to interest expense over the 5-year term of the Credit Facility. Interest Expense The following table summarizes our interest expense recognized for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 that is included in interest and other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Amortization of debt discount $ $ $ ( 1 ) Amortization of debt issuance costs ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Coupon interest expense ( 55 ) ( 55 ) ( 55 ) Other interest expense ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Total interest expense $ ( 58 ) $ ( 58 ) $ ( 58 ) 63 Table of Contents (13) LEASES Our leases primarily consist of facility leases for our offices and development studios, data centers, and server equipment, with remaining lease terms of up to 12 years. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. When it is reasonably certain that we will exercise those options, we include them in our measurement of lease payments and lease terms. Substantially all of our leases are classified as operating leases. We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception. The contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. In determining if a contract is or contains a lease, we apply judgment whether the contract provides the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits, the right to direct, or control the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. Operating lease right-of-use ( ROU ) assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of future lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value of the future lease payments, we use our incremental borrowing rate as none of our leases provide an implicit rate. Our incremental borrowing rate is an assumed rate based on our credit rating, credit history, current economic environment, and the lease term. Operating lease ROU assets are further adjusted for any payments made, incentives received, and initial direct costs incurred prior to the commencement date. Operating lease ROU assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and recognized as lease expense within cost of revenue or operating expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Operating lease liabilities decrease by lease payments we make over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. When we commit to a plan to abandon an operating lease at a future date, the amortization of the operating lease ROU asset and depreciation of the associated leasehold improvements are accelerated based on the revised useful life of the operating lease. Some of our operating leases contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components primarily include fixed payments for common area maintenance and utilities. We elected to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Variable lease and non-lease components are recognized on our Consolidated Statements of Operations as incurred. The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Operating lease costs $ 121 $ 80 $ 138 Variable lease costs 32 31 22 Total lease expense $ 153 $ 111 $ 160 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we did not incur material costs associated with short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. Supplemental cash and noncash information related to our operating leases for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions): Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liability $ 87 $ 74 $ 97 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations $ 97 $ 37 $ 97 Weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate at March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: At March 31, 2025 At March 31, 2024 Lease term 7.1 years 7.1 years Discount rate 4.0 % 3.6 % 64 Table of Contents Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows (in millions): As of March 31, Balance Sheet Classification 2025 2024 Operating lease ROU assets $ 237 $ 243 Other assets Operating lease liabilities $ 67 $ 66 Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 267 248 Other liabilities Total operating lease liabilities $ 334 $ 314 Future minimum lease payments under operating leases as of March 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions): Fiscal Years Ending March 31, 2026 $ 77 2027 67 2028 52 2029 35 2030 29 Thereafter 123 Total future lease payments 383 Less imputed interest ( 49 ) Total operating lease liabilities $ 334 In addition to the amounts included in the table above, as of March 31, 2025, we have entered into an office lease that has not yet commenced with aggregate future lease payments of approximately $ 17 million. This lease is expected to commence in fiscal year 2026, and will have a lease term of 10 years. 65 Table of Contents (14) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Development, Sports Organizations, and Other Content Licenses: Payments and Commitments The products we produce in our studios are designed and created by our employee designers, artists, software programmers and by non-employee software developers ( independent artists or third-party developers ). We typically advance development funds to the independent artists and third-party developers during development of our games, usually in installment payments made upon the completion of specified development milestones. Contractually, these payments are generally considered advances against subsequent royalties on the sales of the products. These terms are set forth in written agreements entered into with the independent artists and third-party developers. In addition, we have certain sports organizations and other content license contracts that contain minimum guarantee payments and marketing commitments to promote the games we publish that may not be dependent on any deliverables. These developer and content license commitments represent the sum of the cash payments for flat fees, minimum guaranteed payments, and service payments. The majority of these commitments are conditional upon performance by the counterparty. These payments and any related marketing and development commitments are included in the table below. The following table summarizes our minimum contractual obligations as of March 31, 2025 (in millions): Fiscal Years Ending March 31, Total 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter Unrecognized commitments Developer/licensor commitments $ 1,509 $ 353 $ 404 $ 205 $ 189 $ 186 $ 172 Marketing commitments 1,248 298 315 223 133 154 125 Senior Notes interest 676 54 36 36 36 36 478 Operating lease imputed interest 49 12 9 6 6 5 11 Operating leases not yet commenced 17 1 2 2 2 10 Other purchase obligations 293 166 80 30 12 5 Total unrecognized commitments 3,792 883 845 502 378 388 796 Recognized commitments Senior Notes principal and interest 1,906 406 1,500 Operating leases 334 65 58 46 29 24 112 Transition Tax and other taxes 7 7 Total recognized commitments 2,247 478 58 46 29 24 1,612 Total Commitments $ 6,039 $ 1,361 $ 903 $ 548 $ 407 $ 412 $ 2,408 The unrecognized amounts represented in the table above reflect our minimum cash obligations for the respective fiscal years, but do not necessarily represent the periods in which they will be recognized and expensed in our Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, the amounts in the table above are presented based on the dates the amounts are contractually due as of March 31, 2025; however, certain payment obligations may be accelerated depending on the performance of our operating results. In addition to the amounts included in the table above, in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of