=== SATS_2026-03-02.htm.gz ===
Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, those discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. All cautionary statements made or referred to herein should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they appear. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties described or referred to herein and should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. iii Table of Contents PART I Item 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW EchoStar Corporation is a holding company that was organized in October 2007 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada. EchoStar Corporation together with its subsidiaries are referred to as EchoStar, the Company, we, us and/or our, unless otherwise required by the context. Our Class A common stock is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ( NASDAQ ) under the symbol SATS. Our principal executive offices are located at 9601 South Meridian Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado 80112 and our telephone number is (303) 723- 1000. Recent Developments FCC Review In the third quarter of 2025, we resolved the review by the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC ) into EchoStar s compliance with its build-out milestones and other obligations regarding EchoStar s federal spectrum licenses. We had previously received a letter from the FCC on May 9, 2025, indicating that the FCC was beginning a review of our compliance with certain obligations to provide 5G broadband service and raising certain questions regarding the September 2024 build-out extension granted by the FCC and mobile-satellite service ( MSS ) utilization in the 2 GHz band (the May 9 Letter ). We responded to the FCC s subsequent public notices with filings on May 27, 2025 and June 6, 2025. During the second quarter and the beginning of the third quarter of 2025, the potential ramifications of the FCC review to our business required us to, among other things, reevaluate the deployment of our resources and as a result, we elected not to make interest payments on a certain portion of our long-term senior notes on their respective scheduled due dates. We subsequently made such payments, including interest on the defaulted interest, within the applicable 30-day grace periods. See Note 10 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. The FCC review introduced the possibility of reversing prior FCC grants of authority to us. The FCC made it clear that it viewed our spectrum as being underutilized and deemed our continued ownership of such spectrum licenses inconsistent with the public interest, and that we must sell a material amount of spectrum licenses or face a wide-ranging license revocation. Accordingly, as a result of these unforeseeable actions by the FCC that were outside of our control, we entered into the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, as defined below, whereby we agreed to sell a material amount of our spectrum licenses for cash and an Amended Equity Amount, as defined below. In August 2025, following these transactions, we began the abandonment and decommission process for certain portions of our 5G Network that will not be utilized in our Hybrid MNO business, as defined in Segments-Wireless below. Furthermore, we believe the FCC s actions and the resulting AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions constitute one or more force majeure events under certain of our 5G Network-related contracts. On September 8, 2025, we received a follow-up letter from the FCC (the September 8 Letter ). The September 8 Letter states, among other things, that FCC Chairman Carr has asked FCC staff to bring the agency s investigation to conclusion by directing FCC staff to: (1) dismiss VTel Wireless s petition for reconsideration; (2) confirm that EchoStar holds exclusive terrestrial and MSS rights over the AWS-4 spectrum to which it is currently licensed; and (3) find that relevant FCC buildout and other related obligations have been satisfied by EchoStar in view of the company s current FCC milestones. 1 Table of Contents AT T License Purchase Agreement On August 25, 2025, we and AT T Mobility II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and subsidiary of AT T Inc. ( AT T ) entered into a License Purchase Agreement (the AT T License Purchase Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, the AT T Transactions ). Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the AT T License Purchase Agreement, we have agreed to sell all our 3.45 3.55 GHz and 600 MHz spectrum licenses, including licenses exchanged as part of the Omega License Purchase Agreement, as defined and detailed in Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, (collectively, the 3.45 GHz and 600 MHz Licenses ), and to a 99-year extension of existing leases for AT T s exclusive use of certain wireless spectrum licenses in Hawaii for an aggregate purchase price of $22.650 billion in cash, subject to certain potential adjustments (the Closing Purchase Price ). The AT T License Purchase Agreement also extends to AT T the right to lease certain 3.45 GHz licenses from us, which AT T exercised, subject to a short-term spectrum manager lease, at the end of the third quarter of 2025. The Closing Purchase Price is subject to downward adjustment in the event certain 3.45 GHz and 600 MHz Licenses are ultimately excluded by either us or AT T under certain circumstances. We are not obligated to consummate the AT T Transactions if the Closing Purchase Price, after giving effect to the aggregate amount of any such adjustments, is less than $18.6 billion (the Minimum Purchase Price ). However, if the aggregate amount of such reductions would otherwise reduce the Closing Purchase Price below the Minimum Purchase Price, AT T may elect to pay the Minimum Purchase Price at closing, in which case this condition will be deemed satisfied. The AT T License Purchase Agreement provides that, at the closing of the AT T Transactions, any amounts outstanding under that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 26, 2021, between DISH DBS as lender and DISH Network will be repaid in full using proceeds from the AT T Transactions to the respective holders of the DISH 2021 Intercompany Loan (the DISH 2021 Intercompany Loan Payoff ). The DISH 2021 Intercompany Loan Payoff includes $2.844 billion due to DISH DBS as of December 31, 2025 for the DISH 2021 Intercompany Loan 2028 Tranche. The DISH 2021 Intercompany Loan is secured by the 3.45 GHz Licenses and certain other wireless spectrum licenses. See Note 10 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for definitions and further information. In addition, all outstanding 11 3/4% Senior Secured Notes due November 15, 2027 issued pursuant to that certain Secured Indenture, dated November 15, 2022 ( DISH Secured Indenture ), by and among DISH Network Corporation, the Guarantors identified therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, will be redeemed concurrently with the closing in accordance with the terms of the DISH Secured Indenture (the Redemption ). As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 11 3/4% Senior Secured Notes due November 15, 2027 was $3.5 billion and is secured by the 600 MHz Licenses. The AT T Transactions are subject to a number of terms and conditions set forth in the AT T License Purchase Agreement. The completion of the AT T Transactions are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including, but not limited to, certain government approvals, including, among other things, receipt of certain consents and approvals from the FCC and the United States Department of Justice (the DOJ ). The AT T License Purchase Agreement also provides for specified termination rights by each party in certain circumstances. The closing is expected to occur in the first half of 2026. The description of the AT T License Purchase Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the License Purchase Agreement filed as an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. 2 Table of Contents Amendments to the Network Services Agreement Simultaneously with the execution of the AT T License Purchase Agreement, DISH Wireless L.L.C., our subsidiary and AT T Mobility LLC, a subsidiary of AT T, entered into the Fifth Amendment (the Fifth Amendment ) and the Sixth Amendment (the Sixth Amendment ) to the Network Services Agreement dated as of July 14, 2021 by and among DISH Wireless L.L.C. and AT T Mobility LLC (as amended, the NSA ). The Sixth Amendment sets forth new terms including reduced rates if we meet certain minimum data thresholds while transitioning to a Hybrid MNO. Under a Hybrid MNO, we operate certain portions of the network infrastructure such as the network core and billing and provisioning software, while our network partner, AT T, provides certain elements including base stations, radios, radio access network (RAN) software and spectrum frequencies. We were not obligated to transition to a Hybrid MNO or meet the specified data thresholds, but were not entitled to the terms of the Sixth Amendment unless we met such thresholds. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we gave notice to AT T that we had met such thresholds, triggering the Sixth Amendment rates and AT T agreed to provide these services to us through December 31, 2031. During the term of the Sixth Amendment, we have the option to extend the Sixth Amendment up to two times for additional extension terms of 2-years each, until either December 31, 2033 or December 31, 2035 (each an Extension Term ). The Fifth and Sixth Amendments, in addition to any Extension Term we exercise, also contain certain minimum purchase commitments. SpaceX License Purchase Agreement On September 7, 2025, we, Space Exploration Technologies Corp., a Texas corporation ( SpaceX ), and Spectrum Business Trust 2025-1, a Nevada Business Trust ( Trust ), entered into a License Purchase Agreement (the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Initial SpaceX Transactions ). Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement, we agreed to sell to SpaceX our rights and licenses related to an aggregate of 50 MHz of spectrum in frequency ranges 2000 2020, 2180 2200, 1915 1920 and 1995 2000 (the AWS-4 and H-Block Licenses and such spectrum, the Spectrum ) granted by the FCC, together with certain international authorizations, filings, concessions, licenses, rights and priorities related to that spectrum and certain assets associated therewith (collectively, the Foreign Assets ). The transfer of the AWS-4 and H-Block Licenses will occur in two steps: first, the AWS-4 and H-Block Licenses will be transferred by us to the Trust (the Spectrum Transfer Closing ), and second, the AWS-4 and H-Block Licenses will be transferred by the Trust to SpaceX (the Spectrum Acquisition Closing ). The Foreign Assets will be transferred directly to SpaceX at the Spectrum Acquisition Closing, to the extent the required regulatory approvals have been obtained by such date; provided, however, that the failure to obtain such approvals will not delay or prevent the Spectrum Acquisition Closing. 3 Table of Contents The consideration for the Initial SpaceX Transactions payable at the Spectrum Acquisition Closing is $17 billion (the Total Consideration Amount ). A portion of the Total Consideration Amount (such amount, the Total Payoff Consideration Amount ) will be used to: (i) fully pay off all outstanding amounts owed on the 10 3/4% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the 10 3/4% Secured Notes ) and the 6 3/4% Senior Secured due 2030 (the 6 3/4% Secured Notes ) and (ii) settle the anticipated redemption and conversions of the 3 7/8% Convertible Secured Notes due 2030 (the Convertible Notes due 2030 and, together with the 10 3/4% Secured Notes and the 6 3/4% Secured Notes, the Seller Notes ). The remaining amount after paying off the Seller Notes (the Purchase Price ) will be paid by SpaceX to us as follows: (i) up to $8.5 billion will be paid in SpaceX s Class A Common Stock, valued at $212 per share (the Equity Amount ); and (ii) any amount of the Purchase Price exceeding $8.5 billion will be paid in cash. If the Total Payoff Consideration Amount exceeds $8.5 billion, we may elect to pay the excess in cash, our Class A Common Stock (with respect to the Convertible Notes due 2030), or both, to maintain our receipt of the full Equity Amount. However, if we elect not to pay such excess amount, the Equity Amount will be reduced dollar-for-dollar to ensure that the combined Equity Amount and Total Payoff Consideration Amount do not exceed the Total Consideration Amount. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Seller Notes was $9.821 billion and is secured by the AWS-4 and AWS-3 Licenses. The Spectrum Transfer Closing is expected to occur in the first half of 2026. The Spectrum Acquisition Closing is expected to occur on or about November 30, 2027, following the expiration of the make-whole period for the Seller Notes and the date on which the Convertible Notes due 2030 become eligible for redemption. If SpaceX elects to proceed with the Spectrum Acquisition Closing prior to November 30, 2027, SpaceX will be responsible for any additional amounts required to satisfy the Seller Notes, other than additional amounts payable as a result of a default under the Seller Notes. Additionally, in connection with the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement and the Initial SpaceX Transactions, on September 7, 2025, SpaceX and the Trust entered into a Credit Agreement, pursuant to which SpaceX has agreed upon the Spectrum Transfer Closing to loan to the Trust (via automatically cancellable loans) amounts sufficient to make debt service payments on the Seller Notes through at least November 30, 2027 (the Interim Debt Service ), which will be secured on a junior lien basis by the AWS-4 and H-Block Licenses. The aggregate amount of payments for the Interim Debt Service through November 30, 2027 will equal approximately $2 billion and will be settled via a loan between us and SpaceX that automatically cancels upon the completion of the Spectrum Acquisition Closing. The Credit Agreement is generally on standard commercial terms and conditions and, as a beneficiary of the Credit Agreement, we have the ability to enforce the parties obligations under the Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, we have made approximately $414 million in cash interest payments on the Seller Notes, which is subject to reimbursement from SpaceX upon the Spectrum Transfer Closing. The SpaceX License Purchase Agreement also provides for future long-term commercial agreements that will enable us to offer our Wireless subscribers access to SpaceX s next-generation Starlink Direct to Cell text and voice and broadband services utilizing certain rights and licenses related to the Spectrum that are to be conveyed by us to SpaceX at the Spectrum Acquisition Closing. The commercial agreements will also provide for a fee-based referral program that lets us refer existing HughesNet customers and new Starlink customers to SpaceX. As of December 31, 2025, we had begun to utilize certain of the rights conveyed under the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement. In addition, we also have begun performing installation and other services for new Starlink customers. The description of the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the License Purchase Agreement filed as an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. 4 Table of Contents Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreement On November 5, 2025, we, SpaceX and Trust, entered into an Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreement (the Amended and Restated SpaceX License Purchase Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Amended SpaceX Transactions ), and, together with the Initial SpaceX Transactions, (the SpaceX Transactions ). The Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2025, by and among us, SpaceX and Trust. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated SpaceX License Purchase Agreement, we and SpaceX have agreed to revise the terms of the previously announced transaction to include the transfer of up to an aggregate of 15 MHz of AWS spectrum in the frequency range of 1695 1710 MHz for each relevant license area (the AWS-3 Licenses ) from us to SpaceX in exchange for additional consideration of $2.6 billion, all of which will be paid in SpaceX s Class A Common Stock, valued at $212 per share. As a result of this change, the total consideration for the SpaceX Transactions has increased from $17 billion to approximately $20 billion, with up to $11 billion to be paid in SpaceX s Class A Common Stock, valued at $212 per share (the Amended Equity Amount ). Except as set forth above, the material terms of the Amended and Restated SpaceX License Purchase Agreement are substantially the same as the terms of the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement. The SpaceX Transactions are subject to a number of terms and conditions set forth in the SpaceX License Purchase Agreement. The completion of the SpaceX Transactions are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including, among others, receipt of certain consents and approvals from the FCC and DOJ. The SpaceX License Purchase Agreement also provides for specified termination rights. The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated SpaceX License Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated SpaceX License Purchase Agreement, filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Impairments and Other During the third quarter of 2025, as a result of the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, we began the abandonment and decommission process for certain portions of our 5G Network that will not be utilized in our Hybrid MNO business, as defined below, resulting in a significant adverse change in the intended use of such assets. These developments were considered triggering events and resulted in an impairment assessment. As a result, we recorded a charge for non-cash asset impairments and other expenses related to the termination of our 5G Network deployment in Impairments and other on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in our Other and Broadband and Satellite Services Segments. In addition, in connection with our annual impairment testing during the fourth quarter of 2025, we recorded a charge for non-cash asset impairments in Impairments and other on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in our Broadband and Satellite Services Segment related to indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets and tangible assets supporting that segment. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded a total charge of $17.632 billion, $16.481 billion and $1.151 billion during the third and fourth quarters of 2025, respectively, for non-cash asset impairments and other expenses in Impairments and other on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in our Other and Broadband and Satellite Services Segments. See Note 1 i n the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 5 Table of Contents Segments EchoStar Corporation is a holding company. Its subsidiaries currently operate four primary business segments: (1) Pay-TV; (2) Wireless; (3) Broadband and Satellite Services; and (4) Other. Historically, we reported three primary business segments: (1) Pay-TV; (2) Wireless; and (3) Broadband and Satellite Services. We were operating our Wireless segment primarily as an MVNO and secondarily as an MNO, each defined below, as we continued to commercialize our wireless spectrum licenses through the completion of the nation s first cloud-native, Open Radio Access Network ( O-RAN ) based 5G VoNR and broadband network (our 5G Network ) and grow customer traffic on our 5G Network. As a mobile virtual network operator ( MVNO ), we depended on either T-Mobile or AT T to provide us with network services under the amended Master Network Services Agreement (as amended, the MNSA ) and Network Services Agreement (as amended, the NSA ), respectively. We had commenced our transition to a mobile network operator ( MNO ) as our 5G Network became commercially available and we grew our customer base on our 5G Network. As a result of the unforeseeable actions by the FCC, as detailed above in Recent Developments FCC Review, we entered into the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, whereby we agreed to sell a material amount of our spectrum licenses. In August 2025, following these transactions, we terminated our deployment of our 5G Network, after meeting certain interim and final build-out requirements established by the FCC, and we began the abandonment and decommission process for certain portions of our 5G Network that will not be utilized in the Hybrid MNO business. To align with management s view of the business, we separated the historical Wireless segment into two segments, the Wireless segment and the Other segment. We currently operate four primary business segments: (1) Pay-TV; (2) Wireless; (3) Broadband and Satellite Services; and (4) Other. Pay-TV We offer pay-TV services under the DISH brand and the SLING brand (collectively Pay-TV services). The DISH branded pay-TV service consists of, among other things, FCC licenses authorizing us to use direct broadcast satellite ( DBS ) and Fixed Satellite Service ( FSS ) spectrum, our owned and leased satellites, receiver systems, broadcast operations, a leased fiber optic network, in-home service and call center operations and certain other assets utilized in our operations ( DISH TV ). We also design, develop and distribute receiver systems and provide digital broadcast operations, including satellite uplinking/downlinking, transmission and other services to third-party pay-TV providers. The SLING branded pay-TV services consist of, among other things, multichannel, live-linear and on-demand streaming over-the-top ( OTT ) Internet-based domestic, international, Latino and Freestream video programming services ( SLING TV ). As of December 31, 2025, we had 6.998 million Pay-TV subscribers in the United States, including 5.022 million DISH TV subscribers and 1.976 million SLING TV subscribers. Wireless Our Wireless segment provides wireless communication services ( Wireless services) and products. We offer nationwide Wireless services to subscribers primarily under our Boost Mobile and Gen Mobile brands. We currently offer a broad range of premium wireless devices, including the latest generation iPhones, as well as a wide selection of Samsung, Motorola and other premium devices. As of December 31, 2025, we had 7.511 million Wireless subscribers. 6 Table of Contents Prior to November 15, 2025, we were operating primarily as an MVNO utilizing network services under the MNSA and the NSA and secondarily as an MNO. In light of the AT T Transactions, we transitioned to a hybrid MNO business model under which we continue to operate our 5G Network core and utilize AT T s network services ( Hybrid MNO ) and secondarily as an MVNO utilizing network services under the MNSA and the NSA. We migrated all customer traffic from our 5G Network to AT T s network as we transitioned to a Hybrid MNO, which we completed as of November 15, 2025. Broadband and Satellite Services We offer broadband satellite technologies and broadband internet products and services to consumer customers. We provide broadband network technologies, managed services, equipment, hardware, satellite services and communications solutions to government and enterprise customers. We have leveraged the EchoStar XXIV satellite to deliver satellite services to unserved and underserved consumer markets in the Americas as well as enterprise, aeronautical and government markets. We also design, provide and install gateway and terminal equipment to customers for other satellite systems. In addition, we design, develop, construct and provide telecommunication networks comprising satellite ground segment systems and terminals to mobile system operators and our enterprise customers. We offer a robust suite of integrated, multi-transport solutions to enable airline and airline service providers to deliver reliable in-flight network connectivity serving both commercial and business aviation. Revenue in our satellite services business depends largely on our ability to make continuous use of our available satellite capacity on behalf of existing customers and our ability to enter into commercial relationships with new customers. As of December 31, 2025, we had 739,000 Broadband subscribers. Other Our Other segment primarily consists of our legacy 5G Network and 5G Network deployment operations that will not be utilized in the Wireless segment s Hybrid MNO business. As a result of the unforeseeable actions by the FCC, as detailed above in Recent Developments FCC Review, we entered into the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, whereby we agreed to sell a material amount of our spectrum licenses. In August 2025, following these transactions, we terminated our deployment of our 5G Network, after meeting certain interim and final build-out requirements established by the FCC, and we began the abandonment and decommission process for certain portions of our 5G Network that will not be utilized in the Wireless segment s Hybrid MNO business. As of November 15, 2025, we have no customer traffic on our 5G Network. We have invested a total of over $30 billion in wireless spectrum licenses. The $30 billion of investments related to wireless spectrum licenses does not include $10 billion of capitalized interest related to the carrying value of such licenses. See Note 2 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. A significant number of these licenses are included in the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions announced during the third quarter of 2025 as detailed above in Recent Developments . Our wireless spectrum licenses are subject to certain interim and final build-out requirements, as well as certain renewal requirements. In September 2024, the FCC conditionally granted our requests to extend the 5G deployment deadlines for certain of our wireless spectrum licenses based on several commitments and in a January 10, 2025 filing to the FCC, we certified to meeting the accelerated build-out (Commitments #2 and #3 of the Extension Request) and the nationwide 80% coverage obligations (Commitment #1 of the Extension Request) due by December 31, 2024. Thus, pursuant to the Extension Request, the final deployment deadlines for the licenses subject to the Extension Request (listed in Appendix G) shall be extended to December 14, 2026. 7 Table of Contents While the FCC has not yet updated the build-out deadlines in the Universal Licensing System, the licenses remain in effect based upon the submission of our build-out certifications. In addition, the final deployment deadlines for the licenses subject to the Extension Request (listed in Appendix G) shall be further extended to June 14, 2028 since we satisfied the remaining Extension Request commitments. See Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for definitions and further information . Also see above in Recent Developments FCC Review, for further information on the FCC s recently completed review of our compliance with our obligations regarding our federal spectrum licenses. PAY-TV Business Strategy Pay-TV Our Pay-TV segment business strategy is to be the best provider of video services in the United States by providing products with the best technology, outstanding customer service and great value. We promote our Pay-TV services by providing our subscribers with a better price-to-value relationship and experience than those available from other subscription television service providers. We market our SLING TV services to consumers who do not subscribe to traditional satellite and cable pay-TV services, as well as to current and recent traditional pay-TV subscribers who desire a lower cost alternative. Products with the Best Technology. We offer a wide selection of local and national HD programming and are a technology leader in our industry, offering award-winning DVRs (including our Hopper whole-home HD DVR), multiple tuner receivers, video on demand and external hard drives. We offer several SLING TV services, including SLING Orange (our single-stream SLING domestic service), SLING Blue and Select (our multi-stream SLING domestic services), International, Latino and Freestream, among others, as well as add-on extras, direct to consumer services, pay-per-view events and a cloud-based DVR service. Outstanding Customer Service. We strive to provide outstanding customer service by, among other things, improving the quality of the initial installation of subscriber equipment, improving the reliability of our equipment, better educating our customers about our products and services and resolving customer problems promptly and effectively when they arise. Great Value. We have historically been viewed as the low-cost provider in the pay-TV industry in the United States. However, today with DISH TV, we are focused on a message of Service, Value and Technology. We also offer a differentiated customer experience with our award-winning Hopper platform that integrates voice control, access to apps including Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube and the ability to watch live, recorded and On Demand content anywhere with the DISH Anywhere mobile application. As another example, our SLING Orange service and our SLING Blue service are two of the lowest priced live-linear online streaming services in the industry. Products and Services Pay-TV DISH TV services. We offer a wide selection of video services under the DISH TV brand, with access to hundreds of channels depending on the level of subscription. Our standard programming packages generally include programming provided by national cable networks. We also offer programming packages that include local broadcast networks, specialty sports channels, premium movie channels and Latino and international programming. In addition, we offer our DISH TV subscribers streaming access through DISH On Demand to thousands of movies and television shows via their TV or Internet-connected devices. 8 Table of Contents Our DISH TV subscribers also have the ability to use dishanywhere.com and our DISH Anywhere mobile applications on Internet-connected devices to view authorized content, search program listings and remotely control certain features of their DVRs. Dishanywhere.com and our DISH Anywhere mobile applications provide access to thousands of movies and television shows. SLING TV services. Our SLING TV services require an Internet connection and are available on multiple streaming-capable devices including, among others, streaming media devices, TVs, tablets, computers, game consoles and phones. We offer domestic, International, Latino and Freestream video programming services. We offer domestic SLING TV services as a single-stream service branded SLING Orange, which includes multiple flexible subscription options, and a multi-stream service branded SLING Blue and SLING Select, which includes, among other things, the ability to stream on up to three devices simultaneously. We also offer add-on extras, direct to consumer services, pay-per-view events and a cloud-based DVR service. Distribution Channels Pay-TV We operate in the consumer market in the United States and use print, radio, television and Internet media, on a local and national basis to motivate potential subscribers to contact DISH TV and SLING TV, visit our websites or contact independent third-party retailers. We often offer our new DISH TV subscribers certain programming at no additional charge and/or promotional pricing during a commitment period. We often offer our new SLING TV subscribers free trials and/or streaming-capable devices at no additional charge and/or promotional pricing. While we offer receiver systems and programming through direct sales channels, a meaningful percentage of our gross new DISH TV subscriber activations are generated through independent third parties such as small retailers, direct marketing groups, local and regional consumer electronics stores, nationwide retailers and telecommunications companies. In general, we pay these independent third parties a mix of upfront and monthly incentives to solicit orders for our services and provide customer service. We offer our SLING TV services through direct sales channels and third-party marketing agreements. We incur significant upfront costs to provide our new DISH TV subscribers with in-home equipment, which most of our new DISH TV subscribers lease from us. We also incur significant upfront costs to install satellite dishes and receivers in the homes of our new DISH TV subscribers. Competition Pay-TV Competition has intensified in recent years as the pay-TV industry has matured. We and our competitors increasingly must seek to attract a greater proportion of new subscribers from each other s existing subscriber bases rather than from first-time purchasers of pay-TV services. We face substantial competition from established pay-TV providers and broadband service providers and increasing competition from companies providing/facilitating the delivery of video content via the Internet to computers, televisions, and other streaming and mobile devices, including wireless service providers. In recent years, industry consolidation and convergence has created competitors with greater scale and multiple product/service offerings. These developments, among others, have contributed to intense and increasing competition, and we expect such competition to continue. We incur significant costs to retain our existing DISH TV subscribers, generally as a result of upgrading their equipment to next generation receivers, primarily including our Hopper receivers and by providing retention credits. Our DISH TV subscriber retention costs may vary significantly from period to period. Many of our competitors have been especially aggressive by offering discounted programming and services for both new and existing subscribers, including, but not limited to, bundled offers combining broadband, video and/or wireless services and other promotional offers. Certain competitors have been able to subsidize the price of video services with the price of broadband and/or wireless services. 9 Table of Contents Our Pay-TV services also face increased competition from programmers and other companies who distribute video directly to consumers over the Internet, as well as traditional satellite television providers, cable companies and large telecommunications companies that are rapidly increasing their Internet-based video offerings and direct-to-consumer exclusive and non-exclusive content. We also face competition from providers of video content, many of which are providers of programming content to us, that distribute content over the Internet including services with live-linear television programming, as well as single programmer offerings and offerings of large libraries of on-demand content, including in certain cases original content. These product offerings include, but are not limited to: Netflix, Hulu, Apple+, Prime Video, YouTube TV, Disney+, ESPN+, Paramount+, HBO Max, STARZ, ESPN Unlimited, FOX One, Peacock, Fubo, Philo and Tubi and certain bundles of these offerings. Significant changes in consumer behavior regarding the means by which consumers obtain video entertainment and information in response to digital media competition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or otherwise disrupt our business. In particular, consumers have shown increased interest in viewing certain video programming in any place, at any time and/or on any broadband or Internet-connected device they choose. Online content providers may cause our subscribers to disconnect our DISH TV services ( cord cutting ), downgrade to smaller, less expensive programming packages ( cord shaving ) or elect to purchase through these online content providers a certain portion of the services that they would have historically purchased from us. Mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances among cable television providers, telecommunications companies, programming providers and others may result in, among other things, greater scale and financial leverage and increase the availability of offerings from providers capable of bundling video, broadband and/or wireless services in competition with our services and may exacerbate the risks described under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and elsewhere in our public filings. These transactions may affect us adversely by, among other things, making it more difficult for us to obtain access to certain programming networks on nondiscriminatory and fair terms, or at all. For further information see Item 1A Risk Factors Competition and Economic Risks We face intense and increasing competition from providers of video, broadband and/or wireless services, which may require us to further increase subscriber acquisition and retention spending or accept lower subscriber activations and higher subscriber churn. WIRELESS Business Strategy - Wireless Our Wireless segment business strategy is to expand our current target segments and profitably grow our Wireless subscriber base. We intend to grow our Wireless subscriber base by acquiring and retaining high quality subscribers with competitive offers, choice and outstanding customer service that better meet those subscribers needs and budget. Our Wireless segment provides Wireless services and products. We offer nationwide Wireless services to subscribers primarily under our Boost Mobile and Gen Mobile brands. We currently offer a broad range of premium wireless devices, including the latest generation iPhones, as well as a wide selection of Samsung, Motorola and other premium devices. We offer customers value by providing choice and flexibility in our Wireless services. 10 Table of Contents Prior to November 15, 2025, we were operating primarily as an MVNO utilizing network services under the MNSA and the NSA and secondarily as an MNO. In light of the AT T Transactions, we transitioned to a Hybrid MNO under which we continue to operate our 5G Network core and utilize AT T s network services and secondarily as an MVNO utilizing network services under the MNSA and the NSA. We migrated all customer traffic from our 5G Network to AT T s network as we transitioned to a Hybrid MNO, which we completed as of November 15, 2025. Products and Services - Wireless Currently, we offer Wireless subscribers competitive consumer plans with no annual service contracts and monthly service plans including high-speed data and unlimited talk and text. We also offer a variety of value-added services, including, but not limited to, device payment and protection plans, international calling and text plans and device financing arrangements for certain qualified subscribers. Distribution Channels - Wireless We operate in the consumer market in the United States and use, among other things, print, radio, television and Internet media, on a local and national basis to motivate potential subscribers to contact us, visit our websites or contact independent third-party retailers. We have both an indirect sales channel, which includes third-party owned retail stores and big box stores and a direct sales channel, which services customers online. Through the indirect sales channel, we use direct distribution partners to facilitate product delivery to the third-party retailers. We currently market and distribute our products and services indirectly through third-party owned Boost-branded stores, multi-branded stores, national retail stores (such as Target, Best Buy and Walmart stores) and other stores (such as convenience and grocery stores). We have relationships with most large manufacturers of wireless devices. We can incur significant upfront costs to subsidize wireless devices offered under promotional pricing to consumers. Competition - Wireless Wireless communication services is a mature market with moderate year over year organic growth. Competitors include, among others, providers who offer similar wireless communication services, such as talk, text and data. Competitive factors within the wireless communication services industry include, but are not limited to, pricing, market saturation, service and product offerings, customer experience and service quality. We compete with a number of national wireless carriers, including Verizon, AT T and T-Mobile, all of which are significantly larger than us, serve a significant percentage of all wireless subscribers and enjoy scale advantages compared to us as the only nationwide MNOs in the United States. Additional primary competitors to our Wireless segment include, but are not limited to, Metro PCS (owned by T-Mobile), Cricket Wireless (owned by AT T), Visible (owned by Verizon), Tracfone Wireless (owned by Verizon), Total Wireless (owned by Verizon), Mint Mobile (owned by T-Mobile) and other MVNOs such as Consumer Cellular, Spectrum Mobile and Xfinity Mobile. 11 Table of Contents BROADBAND AND SATELLITE SERVICES Business Strategy Broadband and Satellite Services Our Broadband and Satellite Services segment business strategy is to maintain and improve our leadership position and competitive advantage through development of leading-edge technologies and services marketed to selected sectors within the consumer, enterprise and government markets globally. Within our Broadband and Satellite Services segment we are an industry leader in both networking technologies and services, innovating to deliver the global solutions that power a connected future for people, enterprises and things everywhere. Products and Services Broadband and Satellite Services We offer broadband satellite technologies and broadband internet products and services to consumer customers, which include home and small to medium-sized businesses. We provide broadband network technologies, managed services, equipment, hardware, satellite services and communications solutions to government and enterprise customers. We have leveraged the EchoStar XXIV satellite to deliver satellite services to unserved and underserved consumer markets in the Americas as well as enterprise, aeronautical and government markets. We also design, provide and install gateway and terminal equipment to customers for other satellite systems. In addition, we design, develop, construct and provide telecommunication networks comprising satellite ground segment systems and terminals to mobile system operators and our enterprise customers. We offer a robust suite of integrated, multi-transport solutions to enable airline and airline service providers to deliver reliable in-flight network connectivity serving both commercial and business aviation. Customers Broadband and Satellite Services Our enterprise customers include, but are not limited to, retailers, financial institutions, aircraft connectivity providers, lottery agencies and companies with multi-branch networks that rely on satellite or terrestrial networks for critical communication across wide geographies, as well as the U.S government. Most of our enterprise customers have long-term contracts with us for the services they purchase. Our Broadband and Satellite Services segment also designs, provides and installs gateway and terminal equipment to customers for other satellite systems and provides satellite ground segment systems and terminals for other satellite systems, including, but not limited to, mobile system operators. Our consumer customers consist of home and small to medium-sized business in the Americas. We provide broadband satellite technologies and broadband internet products and services to these customers. Competition Broadband and Satellite Services Our industry is highly competitive. As a global provider of network technologies, products and services, our Broadband and Satellite Services segment competes with a large number of telecommunications and satellite internet service providers. 12 Table of Contents In our enterprise markets, we compete against multiple categories of providers. In the managed services area, we compete against providers of satellite-based and terrestrial-based networks, including fiber optic, cable, wireless internet service and internet protocol-based virtual private networks (VPN), which vary by region. In the in-flight connectivity market, we compete against direct and indirect providers of in-flight WiFi services, such as ViaSat Communications, Inc., which is owned by ViaSat, Inc. ( ViaSat ) and Starlink Services LLC, which is owned by Space Exploration Technologies Corp. ( SpaceX ). In our consumer broadband satellite technologies and internet services markets, we compete against traditional telecommunications and wireless carriers, other satellite internet providers, as well as fiber optic, cable and wireless internet service providers. Our primary satellite competitors in the North American consumer market are ViaSat and SpaceX. Both ViaSat and SpaceX have also entered the South American consumer market and additionally SpaceX has entered the Central American consumer market. Our principal competitors for the supply of satellite technology platforms are Gilat Satellite Networks Ltd, ViaSat and ST Engineering iDirect, Inc. Manufacturing Broadband and Satellite Services Certain products in our Broadband and Satellite Services segment are assembled at our facilities, and we outsource a portion of the manufacturing of other products to third parties. We believe that our manufacturing facilities have sufficient capacity to handle current and future demand. We also contract with certain third-party vendors for the development and manufacture of components that are integrated into our products. OTHER Business Strategy - Other Our Other segment primarily consists of our legacy 5G Network and 5G Network deployment operations that will not be utilized in the Wireless segment s Hybrid MNO business. As a result of the unforeseeable actions by the FCC, as detailed in Recent Developments FCC Review in Note 1 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we entered into the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, whereby we agreed to sell a material amount of our spectrum licenses. In August 2025, following these transactions, we terminated our deployment of our 5G Network, after meeting certain interim and final build-out requirements established by the FCC, and we began the abandonment and decommission process for certain portions of our 5G Network that will not be utilized in the Wireless segment s Hybrid MNO business. As of November 15, 2025, we have no customer traffic on our 5G Network. We have invested a total of over $30 billion in wireless spectrum licenses. The $30 billion of investments related to wireless spectrum licenses does not include $10 billion of capitalized interest related to the carrying value of such licenses. See Note 2 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. A significant number of these licenses are included in the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions announced during the third quarter of 2025 as detailed in Note 1 Recent Developments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our wireless spectrum licenses are subject to certain interim and final build-out requirements, as well as certain renewal requirements. In September 2024, the FCC conditionally granted our requests to extend the 5G deployment deadlines for certain of our wireless spectrum licenses based on several commitments and in a January 10, 2025 filing to the FCC , we certified to meeting the accelerated build-out (Commitments #2 and #3 of the Extension Request) and the nationwide 80% coverage obligations (Commitment #1 of the Extension Request) due by December 31, 2024. Thus, pursuant to the Extension Request, the final deployment deadlines for the licenses subject to the Extension Request (listed in Appendix G) shall be extended to December 14, 2026. 13 Table of Contents While the FCC has not yet updated the build-out deadlines in the Universal Licensing System, the licenses remain in effect based upon the submission of our build-out certifications. In addition, the final deployment deadlines for the licenses subject to the Extension Request (listed in Appendix G) shall be further extended to June 14, 2028 since we satisfied the remaining Extension Request commitments. See Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for definitions and further information. Also see Note 1 Recent Developments FCC Review in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the FCC s recently completed review of our compliance with our obligations regarding our federal spectrum licenses. We will need to raise additional capital in the future if the AT T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions are not completed, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, to, among other things, make any potential Northstar Re-Auction Payment and SNR Re-Auction Payment for the AWS-3 licenses retained by the FCC. See Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for definitions and further information . NEW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES From time to time we evaluate opportunities for strategic investments or acquisitions that may complement our current services and products, enhance our technical capabilities, improve or sustain our competitive position or otherwise offer growth opportunities. GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS Our operations, particularly our global satellite operations, Pay-TV operations, our Wireless and Broadband and Satellite Services operations and our wireless spectrum licenses are subject to significant government regulation and oversight, primarily by the FCC and, to a certain extent, by Congress, other federal agencies and international, foreign, state and local authorities. We are subject to telecommunications regulation by a number of regulatory bodies including the FCC, other U.S. federal and state regulators and government agencies, the ITU and regulators and government agencies in other countries and regions where we hold licenses including the E.U., the U.K., India, Australia and several Latin American countries. We are also subject to export control laws and regulations and trade sanctions laws and regulations of the U.S. and other countries with respect to the export of telecommunications equipment and services. In addition, in the U.S. and certain other countries, we are subject to country specific approvals of our products. Depending upon the circumstances, non-compliance with applicable legislation or regulations could result in suspension or revocation of our licenses or authorizations, acceleration of requirements, the termination or loss of contracts or the imposition of contractual damages, civil fines or criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These governmental authorities could also adopt regulations or take other actions that would adversely affect our business prospects. Furthermore, any government policy changes, which could be substantial, can increase regulatory uncertainty. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to video programming distribution, satellite services, wireless telecommunications, broadband, the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. In addition, the manner in which regulations or legislation in these areas may be interpreted and enforced cannot be precisely determined, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents As detailed below, our Pay-TV operations are subject to FCC jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the FCC s rules for satellite licensing, placement of satellites, interference avoidance, spectrum sharing and coordination with other satellite systems. We must comply with FCC rules promulgating public interest requirements for DBS providers, security functionality for video providers, technology standards, media ownership and carriage of cable programming. In addition, the Copyright Act of 1976 (the Copyright Act ) and the Communications Act of 1934 (the Communications Act ) govern our carriage of broadcast signals. Our Wireless services and our wireless spectrum licenses are subject to regulation by the FCC and, depending on the jurisdiction, other federal, state and local, as well as international, governmental authorities and regulatory agencies, including, among other things, regulations governing the licensing, construction, operation, sale and interconnection arrangements of wireless telecommunications systems. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands. The FCC grants wireless licenses for terms of generally 10-15 years that are subject to renewal or revocation. There can be no assurances that our wireless spectrum licenses will be renewed. Failure to comply with FCC build-out requirements in a given license area may result in acceleration of other build-out requirements or in the modification, cancellation or non-renewal of licenses. For further information related to our licenses and build-out requirements related to our wireless spectrum licenses see Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our operations are subject to federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information. The regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and as a result implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Any failure by us, our suppliers or other parties with whom we do business to comply with these standards and practices or with other federal, state or international regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. In many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance are rising. In the United States, these include enforcement actions in response to rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of federal agencies and state attorneys general and legislatures and consumer protection agencies. The following summary of regulatory developments and legislation in the United States is not intended to describe all present and proposed government regulation and legislation affecting the video programming distribution, satellite services, wireless telecommunications, broadband and Internet industries. Government regulations that are currently the subject of judicial or administrative proceedings, legislative hearings or administrative proposals could change these industries to varying degrees. We cannot predict either the outcome of such proceedings or any potential impact they might have on these industries or on our operations. 15 Table of Contents FCC Regulations Applicable to Our Operations FCC Jurisdiction over Satellite Operations . Non-governmental bodies, including commercial entities, that use radio frequencies to provide communications services to, from or within the U.S. are subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act ). The Communications Act gives the FCC regulatory jurisdiction over many areas relating to communications operations, including: assignment of satellite radio frequencies and orbital locations to specific services and companies, the licensing of satellites and earth stations and the granting of related authorizations; approval for the relocation of satellites to different orbital locations, the replacement of a satellite with another new or existing satellite and the authorization of specific earth stations to communicate with such newly relocated satellites; ensuring compliance with the terms and conditions of assignments, licenses, authorizations and approvals; avoiding harmful interference with other radio frequency emitters; and ensuring compliance with other applicable provisions of the Communications Act and FCC rules and regulations. We hold licenses and authorizations for satellite and earth stations as well as other services. All satellite licenses issued by the FCC are subject to expiration unless extended by the FCC. Our U.S. FSS licenses generally have 15 year terms. Our DBS licenses generally have 10-year terms. Our licenses are currently set to expire at various times. In addition, at various times we have relied on special temporary authorizations for our operations. A special temporary authorization is granted for a period of only 180 days or less, subject to possible renewal by the FCC. From time to time, we apply for authorizations to use new satellites at our existing orbital locations. To obtain and operate under such FCC licenses and authorizations, we must satisfy strict legal, technical and financial qualification requirements and other conditions including, among other things, satisfaction of certain technical and ongoing due diligence obligations, construction milestones, maintenance of bonds, payment of annual regulatory fees and various reporting requirements. Generally, our FCC licenses and special temporary authorizations have been renewed, and our applications for new satellites at our existing orbital locations have been approved, by the FCC on a routine basis, but there can be no assurance that the FCC will continue to do so. Several third parties have opposed in the past, and we expect these or other parties to oppose in the future, some of our pending and future FCC satellite applications for extensions, modifications, waivers and approvals of our licenses. Necessary approval of these applications may not be granted, may not be granted in a timely manner or may be granted subject to conditions that may be unacceptable. It is also possible the FCC could revoke or terminate certain of our authorizations or licenses if we do not meet the legal, technical and financial requirements discussed above. Overview of our DBS Satellites, Authorizations and Contractual Rights for Satellite Capacity . Our satellites are located in orbital positions, or slots, that are designated by their western longitude. An orbital position describes both a physical location and an assignment of spectrum in the applicable frequency band. Each DBS orbital position has 500 MHz of available Ku-band spectrum that is divided into 32 frequency channels. Several of our satellites also include spot-beam technology that enables us to increase the number of markets where we provide local channels, but reduces the number of video channels that could otherwise be offered across the entire United States. 16 Table of Contents The FCC has licensed us to operate a total of 82 DBS frequency channels at the following orbital locations: 21 DBS frequency channels at the 119 degree orbital location, capable of providing service to the continental United States ( CONUS ); and 29 DBS frequency channels at the 110 degree orbital location, capable of providing service to CONUS; and 32 DBS frequency channels at the 61.5 degree orbital location, capable of providing service to most of the United States. In addition, we currently lease or have entered into agreements to lease capacity on satellites using the following spectrum at the following orbital locations: 16 DBS frequency channels at the 72.7 degree orbital location, which is a Canadian DBS slot that can provide service to CONUS. Interference from Other Services Sharing Satellite Spectrum . Non-geostationary orbit ( NGSO ) FSS satellites are permitted to operate on a co-primary basis in the same frequency band as our DBS and geostationary orbit ( GSO ) FSS satellites. The FCC has also authorized the use of multichannel video distribution and data service ( MVDDS ) licenses in the DBS band. MVDDS licenses were auctioned in 2004. MVDDS systems have been commercially deployed in a few markets. We have MVDDS licenses in 82 out of 214 geographical license areas, including Los Angeles, New York City, Chicago and several other major metropolitan areas. The FCC currently has an open proceeding considering whether to permit MVDDS licensees to become Fixed Service operators. We cannot predict either the outcome of this proceeding or any potential impact it might have on our operations. Despite regulatory provisions intended to protect DBS and FSS operations from harmful interference, there can be no assurance that operations by other satellites or terrestrial communication services in the DBS and FSS bands will not interfere with our DBS and FSS operations and adversely affect our business. SpaceX, Amazon s Project Kuiper ( Kuiper ) and others have obtained FCC authority to launch, operate and provide service from, NGSO satellite systems using a variety of spectrum bands, including the 12.2-12.7 GHz band, which we use for our DBS service, and where we also have certain licenses to provide one-way terrestrial MVDDS service. When fully deployed by SpaceX, Kuiper and others, there will be tens of thousands of NGSO satellites in orbit sharing our spectrum. There can be no assurance that they will not interfere with our DBS operations and adversely affect our business or that they will not hinder our ability to provide MVDDS service. Satellite Competition from Additional Slots and Interference . Both DirecTV and us have obtained FCC authority to provide service to the United States from Canadian DBS orbital slots. The possibility that the FCC will allow service to the United States from additional foreign slots may permit additional competition against us from other satellite providers. It may also provide a means by which to increase our available satellite capacity in the United States. In addition, a number of foreign jurisdictions, such as Great Britain and the Netherlands, have requested authority to add orbital locations serving the United States close to our licensed slots. Such operations could also cause harmful interference to our satellites and constrain our future operations. Public Interest Requirements . The FCC imposes certain public interest obligations on our DBS licenses. These obligations require us to set aside four percent of our channel capacity exclusively for noncommercial programming for which we must charge programmers below-cost rates and for which we may not impose additional charges on subscribers. The Satellite Television Extension and Localism Act of 2010 ( STELA ) required the FCC to decrease this set-aside to 3.5 percent for satellite carriers who provide retransmission of state public affairs networks in 15 states and are otherwise qualified. While we believe we have met this threshold for carrying state public affairs networks, the FCC has not yet determined whether we qualify for this decrease in set-aside. 17 Table of Contents If we are forced to provide additional noncommercial programming, such a requirement may displace programming for which we could earn commercial rates. This in turn could adversely affect our financial results. We cannot be sure that, if the FCC were to review our methodology for processing public interest carriage requests, computing the channel capacity we must set aside or determining the rates that we charge public interest programmers, it would find them in compliance with the public interest requirements. Retransmission Consent . The Copyright Act generally gives satellite companies a statutory copyright license to retransmit local broadcast channels by satellite back into the market from which they originated, subject to obtaining the retransmission consent of local network stations that do not elect must carry status, as required by the Communications Act. If we fail to reach retransmission consent agreements with such broadcasters, we cannot carry their signals. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete with cable and other satellite companies that provide local signals. While we have been able to reach retransmission consent agreements with most of these local network stations, from time to time, there are stations with which we have not been able to reach an agreement. We cannot be sure that we will secure these agreements or that we will secure new agreements on acceptable terms, or at all, upon the expiration of our current retransmission consent agreements, some of which are short-term. In recent years, the rates we are charged for retransmitting local channels have been increasing substantially and may exceed our ability to increase our prices to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The broadcast stations demands for higher rates have resulted in more frequent negotiating impasses and programming interruptions. During these programming interruptions, our subscribers in the affected markets lack access to popular programming and may switch to another multichannel video programming distributor ( MVPD ) that may be able to provide them with such programming. In addition, the national broadcasters have used their ownership of certain local broadcast stations to require us to carry additional non-broadcast programming in exchange for retransmission consent of their local broadcast stations. These requirements may place constraints on available capacity on our satellites for other programming. The STELA Reauthorization Act of 2014 ( STELAR ) prohibits television stations from coordinating or engaging in joint retransmission consent negotiations with any other local television stations, unless the stations are directly or indirectly under common de jure control, expanding a previous FCC ruling prohibiting joint negotiations only among the top four stations in a market. In addition, STELAR prohibits a local television station from limiting an MVPD s ability to carry other television signals that have been deemed by the FCC to be significantly viewed or to carry any other television signal the MVPD is otherwise entitled to carry under the Communications Act, unless such stations are directly or indirectly under common de jure control pursuant to FCC regulations. We cannot predict if these restrictions on broadcasters will result in more effective retransmission consent negotiations or how the FCC would enforce these requirements. Early Termination Fees . In December 2023, the FCC released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking comment on proposals that would prohibit pay-TV providers from imposing early termination fees on consumers and from practices that require customers who cancel service mid-billing cycle to pay for a complete cycle. If adopted, such prohibitions could impact our pricing and packages. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this proceeding. Blackout Rebates. In January 2024, the FCC released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking comment on a proposal that would require MVPDs to issue rebates to subscribers during programming blackouts on both broadcast and non-broadcast networks that result from failed negotiations. If adopted, such requirements could negatively impact our carriage negotiations. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this proceeding. 18 Table of Contents Media Ownership Rules. In December 2023, the FCC concluded its 2018 quadrennial proceeding and issued an Order that, among other things, retained the FCC s general prohibition on a broadcaster owning two or more of the top four stations in a market and added language intended to prevent broadcasters from circumventing this rule by acquiring a top four affiliation and placing it on a multicast or low power television signal on a going forward basis. In September 2025, the FCC released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking comment on whether the Local Television Ownership Rule continues to further broadcast television service to American consumers, or whether, in light of the pressures local television stations now face, the existing rule stands in the way of their ability to better serve their local communities and allowing local broadcasters to compete. We cannot predict whether there will be additional challenges to these rules or how the FCC may address media ownership issues going forward, either through the imposition of new rules or the relaxation of remaining ownership restrictions. Digital HD Carry-One, Carry-All Requirement . To provide any full-power local broadcast signal in any market, we are required to retransmit all qualifying broadcast signals in that market ( carry-one, carry-all ), including the carriage of full-power broadcasters HD signals in markets in which we elect to provide local channels in HD. The carriage of additional HD signals on our DISH TV services could cause us to experience significant capacity constraints and prevent us from carrying additional popular national channels and/or carrying those national channels in HD. Distant Signals . Pursuant to STELA, we obtained a waiver of a court injunction that previously prevented us from retransmitting certain distant network signals under a statutory copyright license. Because of that waiver, we may provide distant network signals to eligible subscribers. To qualify for that waiver, we are required to provide local service in all 210 local markets in the United States on an ongoing basis. This condition poses a significant strain on our capacity. Moreover, we may lose that waiver if we are found to have failed to provide local service in any of the 210 local markets. If we lose the waiver, the injunction could be reinstated. Furthermore, depending on the severity of the failure, we may also be subject to other sanctions, which may include, among other things, damages. Cable Act and Program Access . We purchase a large percentage of our programming from cable-affiliated programmers. We may be limited in our ability to obtain access on nondiscriminatory terms, or at all, to programming from programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators. Any changes to the Cable Act or the FCC s rules implementing it that currently limit the ability of cable-affiliated programmers to discriminate against competing businesses such as ours, could adversely affect our ability to acquire cable-affiliated programming at all or to acquire programming on nondiscriminatory terms. In addition, affiliates of certain cable providers have denied us access to sports programming that they supply to their cable systems terrestrially, rather than by satellite. The FCC has held that new denials of such service are unfair if they have the purpose or effect of significantly hindering us from providing programming to consumers. However, we cannot be sure that we can prevail in a complaint related to such programming and gain access to it. Our continuing failure to access such programming could materially and adversely affect our ability to compete in regions serviced by these cable providers. Open Internet (also known as Net Neutrality ). In 2015, the FCC adopted Open Internet rules, which applied to both fixed and mobile broadband access providers and prohibited them from, among other things, blocking or throttling traffic, paid prioritization and unreasonably interfering with, or disadvantaging, consumers or content providers access to the Internet. In addition, because the FCC reclassified broadband access providers as common carriers, these providers were subject to the general common carrier requirements of reasonableness and nondiscrimination. In December 2017, the FCC reversed course and voted to reclassify broadband access providers as information service providers, instead of common carriers. The FCC also voted to eliminate the majority of the Open Internet rules, leaving only certain ISP transparency requirements in place. In 2024, the FCC reversed course yet again by adopting a Declaratory Ruling, Order, Report and Order, and Order on Reconsideration that reestablished the FCC s authority over broadband internet access services under Title II of the Communications Act, mostly replicating its 2015 decision. On January 2, 2025, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit found that the FCC lacks the statutory authority to impose these rules and set aside the 2024 Order. We cannot predict the future of these rules or the impact to our Wireless business. 19 Table of Contents To the extent that network operators implement usage-based pricing, including, but not limited to, meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our Pay TV subscriber count could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of Internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our Pay TV business could be negatively impacted. We cannot predict with any certainty the impact to our Pay TV business resulting from changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travels across their networks. Definition of MVPD. In December 2014, the FCC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking regarding the definition of an MVPD. Among other things, the FCC is considering whether the definition of an MVPD should apply to Internet-based streaming services, thus making such services subject to the same regulations as an MVPD. The FCC is also considering the appropriate treatment of purely Internet-based linear video programming services that cable operators and DBS providers offer in addition to their traditional video services. This proceeding remains pending. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this rulemaking or other related rulemaking proceedings. Regulations Governing our Wireless Spectrum Licenses The FCC regulates many aspects of our wireless spectrum licenses. Generally, the FCC has jurisdiction over the construction, operation, acquisition and transfer of wireless communications systems. All wireless services require use of radio frequency spectrum, the assignment and allocation of which is subject to FCC regulations and oversight. The FCC can also determine what services can be offered and how they can be offered over certain frequency bands. For more information regarding our wireless spectrum licenses, see discussion above in Government Regulations and Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The FTC and other federal agencies also have jurisdiction over some consumer protection and elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices with respect to the provision of non-common carrier services. Telecommunications Regulation. Many of the services we provide are subject to FCC regulation as telecommunications services. For certain services in the U.S., we are required to contribute fees, computed as a percentage of our revenue from telecommunications services to various funds, including the Universal Service Fund ( USF ) to support mechanisms that subsidize the provision of services to low-income consumers, high-cost areas, schools, libraries and rural health care providers. Current FCC rules permit us to pass these contributions on to our customers. The FCC also requires broadband internet access and internet telephony service providers to comply with the requirements of the Federal Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, which generally requires telecommunications carriers to ensure that law enforcement agencies are able to conduct lawfully authorized surveillance of users of their services. In addition, as a provider of telecommunications and interconnected voice over internet protocol services, we are required to abide by a number of rules related to telephony service, including, but not limited to, rules dealing with the protection of customer information and the processing of emergency calls. Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) and other federal agencies as well as state attorneys general, also have jurisdiction over some consumer protection and elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices. State and Local Regulation We are also regulated by state and local authorities. While the FCC has preempted many state and local regulations that impair the installation and use of towers for wireless operations and VSAT and other consumer satellite dishes, our business nonetheless may be subject to state and local regulation, including, among others, zoning regulations that affect the ability to install consumer satellite antennas or build out wireless telecommunications networks. In addition, in order to obtain universal service funding, we are subject to being an eligible telecommunications carrier in all 50 states. 20 Table of Contents International Regulation We are subject to certain regulations adopted by the International Telecommunication Union ( ITU ). The orbital location and frequencies for certain of our satellites are subject to the frequency registration and coordination process of the ITU. The ITU Radio Regulations define the international rules, regulations and rights for a satellite and associated earth stations to use specific radio frequencies at a specific orbital location. These rules, which include deadlines for the bringing of satellite networks into use, differ depending on the type of service to be provided and the frequencies to be used by the satellite. On our behalf, various countries have made and may in the future make additional filings for the frequency assignments at particular orbital locations that are used or to be used by our current satellite networks and potential future satellite networks we may build or acquire. In the event the international coordination process that is triggered by ITU filings under applicable rules is not successfully completed, or that the requests for modification of the broadcast satellite services plan regarding the allocation of orbital locations and frequencies are not granted by the ITU, we will have to operate the applicable satellite(s) on a non-interference basis, which could have an adverse impact on our business operations. If we cannot do so, we may have to cease operating such satellite(s) at the affected orbital locations. We cannot be sure of the successful outcome of these ITU coordination processes. We make commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the filing nation in the preparation of ITU filings, coordination of our operations in accordance with the relevant ITU Radio Regulations and responses to relevant ITU inquiries. Certain of our satellite services also must conform to the ITU service plans for Region 2 (which includes the United States). If any of our operations are inconsistent with this plan, the ITU will only provide authorization on a non-interference basis pending successful modification of the plan or the agreement of all affected administrations to the non-conforming operations. Certain of our satellites are not presently entitled to any interference protection from other satellites that are in conformance with the plan. Accordingly, unless and until the ITU modifies its service plans to include the technical parameters of our non-conforming operations, our non-conforming satellites, along with those of other non-conforming satellite operators, must not cause harmful electrical interference with other assignments that are in conformance with the ITU service plans. The ITU also endeavors to standardize frequency allocations globally, which has led it to work on standards for terrestrial services as well as satellite operations. Combined with the work of international industry-led standards bodies such as 3GPP, these efforts could have a significant effect on the development of our Wireless services. Foreign Administrations Jurisdiction Over Satellite and Terrestrial Operations. Certain of our satellites and earth stations are licensed in foreign jurisdictions. We also have terrestrial authorizations in foreign jurisdictions. In order to provide service to a foreign location from our U.S. satellites, we are required to obtain approvals from the FCC and foreign administrative agencies. The laws and regulations addressing access to satellite and terrestrial systems vary from country to country. In most countries, a license is required to provide our services and to operate satellite systems and earth stations. Such licenses may impose certain conditions, including implementation and operation of the satellite system in a manner consistent with certain milestones (such as for contracting, satellite design, construction, launch and implementation of service), that the satellite or its launch be procured through a national entity, that the satellite control center be located in a national territory, that a license be obtained prior to launching or operating the satellite or that a license be obtained before interconnecting with the local switched telephone network and we may be subject to penalties or fines for failing to meet such conditions. Additionally, some countries may have restrictions on the services we provide and how we provide them and/or may limit the rates that can be charged for the services we provide or impose other service terms or restrictions. Furthermore, foreign countries in which we currently, or may in the future, operate may not authorize us access to all of the spectrum that we need to provide service in a particular country. 21 Table of Contents Registration in the UN Registry of Space Objects The United States and other jurisdictions in which we license satellites are parties to the United Nations ( UN ) Convention on the Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space ( The UN Convention ). The UN Convention requires a satellite s launching state to register the satellite as a space object with an UN Registry of Space Objects. The act of registration carries liability for the registering country in the event that the satellite causes third-party damage. Administrations may place certain requirements on satellite licensees in order to procure the necessary launch or operational authorizations that accompany registration of the satellite. In some jurisdictions, these authorizations are separate and distinct, with unique requirements, from the authorization to use a set of frequencies to provide satellite services. There is no guarantee that we will be able to procure such authorizations even if we already possess a frequency authorization. Export Control and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act In the operation of our business, we must comply with all applicable export control and trade sanctions laws and regulations of the U.S. and other countries. Applicable U.S. laws and regulations include the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ), the Export Administration Regulations ( EAR ) and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ). The export of certain hardware, technical data and services relating to satellites and the supply of certain ground control equipment, technical data and services to non-U.S. persons or to destinations outside the U.S. is regulated by the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security ( BIS ) under the EAR. Among other things, we are required to obtain import and export licenses from the United States government to receive and deliver certain components of direct-to-home satellite television systems. In addition, BIS regulates our export of satellite communications network equipment to non-U.S. persons or to destinations outside of the U.S. The export of other items is regulated by the U.S. Department of State s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls under the ITAR and are subject to strict export control and prior approval requirements government (including prohibitions on the sharing of certain satellite-related goods and services with China). In addition, we cannot provide certain equipment or services to certain countries subject to U.S. trade sanctions unless we first obtain the necessary authorizations from OFAC. We are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or giving or promising to give anything of value to foreign government officials and other individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining a competitive advantage. Non-U.S. Telecommunications Regulation Many of the services we provide are also subject to the regulation of other countries as telecommunications services. For certain services, we may be required to contribute fees to a universal service or other fund to support mechanisms that subsidize the provision of services to designated groups. Many countries also impose requirements on telecommunications carriers to ensure that law enforcement agencies are able to conduct lawfully-authorized surveillance of users of their services. In addition, we are subject to a number of other rules, including rules related to telephony service such as the protection of customer information and processing of emergency calls. ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS We are subject to the requirements of federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations. These include laws regulating air emissions, waste-water discharge and waste management, most significantly the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act ( EPCRA ). Under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, our Hughes segment is considered a small quantity generator. 22 Table of Contents As required by the EPCRA, we file annual reports with regulatory agencies covering four areas: Emergency Planning, Emergency Release, Hazardous Chemical Storage and Toxic Chemical Release Inventory. We maintain small quantities of hazardous materials on our premises and, therefore, have relatively modest reporting requirements under the EPCRA. We are also subject to the requirements of other environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations. Additionally, we review the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act Title III regulatory requirements and annually report quantities of onsite material storage using Tier II, state DEQ (Department of Environmental Quality) reporting systems. Our environmental compliance costs, capital and other expenditures to date have not been material, and we do not expect them to be material in 2026 or 2027. However, environmental requirements are complex, change frequently and have become more stringent over time. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that these requirements will not change or become more stringent in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or environmental compliance costs, capital or other expenditures. PATENTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Many entities, including, but not limited to, some of our competitors, have or may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that cover or affect products or services that we offer or that we may offer in the future. In general, if a court determines that one or more of our products or services infringe intellectual property rights held by others, we may be required to cease developing or marketing those products or services, to obtain licenses from the holders of the intellectual property rights at a material cost or to redesign those products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing any patent claims. If those intellectual property rights are held by a competitor, we may be unable to obtain the intellectual property rights at any price, which could adversely affect our competitive position. We may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our products or services may potentially infringe. In addition, patent applications in the United States are confidential until the Patent and Trademark Office either publishes the application or issues a patent (whichever arises first) and, accordingly, our products may infringe claims contained in pending patent applications of which we are not aware. Further, the process of determining definitively whether a claim of infringement is valid often involves expensive and protracted litigation, even if we are ultimately successful on the merits. We cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain intellectual property licenses or the availability and cost of any such licenses. Those costs, and their impact on our results of operations, could be material. Damages in patent infringement cases can be substantial, and in certain circumstances can be trebled. To the extent that we are required to pay unanticipated royalties to third parties, these increased costs of doing business could negatively affect our liquidity and operating results. We are currently defending multiple patent infringement actions. We cannot be certain the courts will conclude these companies do not own the rights they claim, that our products do not infringe on these rights and/or that these rights are not valid. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that we would be able to obtain licenses from these persons on commercially reasonable terms or, if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we would be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. See Note 15 Contingencies Litigation in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. SEGMENT REPORTING DATA AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA DATA For segment reporting data and principal geographic area data for 2025, 2024 and 2023, see Note 16 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 23 Table of Contents HUMAN CAPITAL We believe that our future success will depend to a significant extent upon the performance of Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and certain other executives. The loss of Mr. Ergen or of certain other key executives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although all of our executives have executed agreements with certain non-competition restrictions that apply if they leave us, we generally do not have employment agreements with them. We believe that our business is dependent on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain a team of highly skilled personnel with knowledge of our industries. Our business will be adversely affected if we fail to effectively identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel with knowledge of our industries. We had approximately 12,100 employees at December 31, 2025, the majority of whom were located in the United States and approximately 600 internationally. We generally consider relations with our employees to be good. Approximately 170 of our employees located in Italy and Brazil are represented by a union. Our mission is to be a global connectivity provider for people, enterprises and things. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and accordingly file our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. As an electronic filer, our public filings are also maintained on the SEC s Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov. WEBSITE ACCESS Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act also may be accessed free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we have electronically filed such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. The address of that website is https://ir.echostar.com/. We have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officers, in accordance with Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Our code of ethics is available on our corporate website at https://ir.echostar.com/corporate-governance. In the event that we make changes in, or provide waivers of, the provisions of this code of eth