=== HCA_2026-02-10.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, as well as all other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect us. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Our business is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties: Risks related to our indebtedness: We have significant indebtedness and may incur further indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to 4 react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may not be able to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms. If we are unable to do so, we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Risks related to human capital: Our results of operations may be adversely affected by competition for staffing, the shortage of experienced nurses and other health care professionals and labor union activity. Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians. We may be unable to attract, hire and retain a highly qualified workforce, including key management. Risks related to technology, data privacy and cybersecurity: Cybersecurity incidents or other forms of data breaches could result in the compromise of our facilities, confidential data or critical data systems, causing our operations to be impaired or impacted. A cybersecurity incident or other form of data breach could also give rise to potential harm to patients; remediation and other expenses; and exposure to liability under privacy and security laws, consumer protection laws, common law theories or other laws. Such incidents could subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business. Our operations could be impaired by a failure in or breach of our information systems or those of third parties on whose systems our business relies. Health care technology initiatives, particularly those related to sharing patient data and interoperability and AI, involve risks that may adversely affect our operations. Failure to effectively manage change associated with our technology, resiliency and other initiatives, including with respect to the implementation of a new electronic health record ( EHR ) platform, may adversely affect our business, services and results of operations. Risks related to public health crises: The emergence and effects related to a potential future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease could adversely affect our business and operations. Risks related to governmental regulation and other legal matters: Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes and uncertainty in the health care industry, including health care public policy developments and other changes to laws and regulations. We are unable to predict whether, what, and when changes in the health care industry may occur, and the effects and ultimate impact of any changes are uncertain and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Changes in government health care programs may adversely affect our revenues and business. If we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. State efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to operate and expand our operations. We may incur additional tax liabilities. We have been and could become the subject of government investigations, claims and litigation, as well as governmental and commercial payer audits. We may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our facilities, which are costly to defend and may require us to pay significant damages if not covered by insurance. 5 Risks related to operations, strategy, demand and competition: Our hospitals and other facilities face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers. Any increase in the volume of uninsured patients or deterioration in the collectability of uninsured and patient due accounts could adversely affect our results of operations. If our volume of patients with private health insurance coverage declines or we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with private third-party payers, including managed care plans, our revenues may be adversely affected. Changes to physician utilization practices and treatment methodologies and other factors outside our control that impact demand for medical services may reduce our revenues. Third-party payer controls designed to reduce costs and other payer practices intended to decrease inpatient services, surgical procedure volumes or reimbursement for services rendered may reduce our revenues. We may encounter difficulty acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses, encounter challenges integrating the operations of acquired hospitals and other health care businesses and/or become liable for unknown or contingent liabilities as a result of acquisitions. Our facilities are heavily concentrated in Florida and Texas, which makes us sensitive to regulatory, economic, public health, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those states. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to hurricanes, extreme weather events or other natural disasters. The industry trend toward value-based purchasing may negatively impact our revenues. Risks related to macroeconomic conditions: Our overall business results may suffer during periods of significant inflation, general economic weakness or recessions or as a result of changing governmental policies. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in the market values of securities and interest rates. Risks related to ownership of our common stock: There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends. Certain of our investors may continue to have influence over us. Sources of Revenue Health care facility revenues depend on many factors, some of which vary by provider type. For example, hospital revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the medical and ancillary services ordered by physicians and other professionals and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charges or reimbursement rates for such services. Reimbursement rates for inpatient and outpatient services vary significantly depending on the type of third-party payer, the type of service (e.g., medical/surgical, intensive care or psychiatric) and the geographic location of the facility. Inpatient occupancy levels fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are beyond our control. 6 We receive payments for patient services from the federal government under the Medicare program, state governments under their respective Medicaid or similar programs, managed care plans (including plans offered through federal and state-based health insurance marketplaces ( Exchanges )), private insurers and directly from patients. Our revenues by primary third-party payer classification and other (including uninsured patients) for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions): Years Ended December 31, 2025 Ratio 2024 Ratio 2023 Ratio Medicare $ 11,273 14.9 % $ 10,780 15.3 % $ 10,585 16.3 % Managed Medicare 13,435 17.8 11,987 17.0 10,496 16.2 Medicaid 5,909 7.8 4,678 6.6 3,606 5.6 Managed Medicaid 3,693 4.9 3,980 5.6 3,879 6.0 Managed care and other insurers 36,968 48.9 34,954 49.5 31,819 49.0 International (managed care and other insurers) 1,864 2.5 1,682 2.4 1,509 2.3 Other 2,458 3.2 2,542 3.6 3,074 4.6 Revenues $ 75,600 100.0 % $ 70,603 100.0 % $ 64,968 100.0 % Medicare is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons age 65 and over, some disabled persons, persons with end-stage renal disease and persons with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Medicaid is a federal-state program, administered by the states, that provides hospital and medical benefits to qualifying low-income individuals. Payment under the Medicare and Medicaid programs is conditioned on satisfaction of extensive provider enrollment requirements. All of our general, acute care hospitals located in the United States are eligible and enrolled to participate in Medicare and Medicaid programs. Amounts received under Medicare and Medicaid programs are generally significantly less than established hospital gross charges for the services provided. Our facilities generally offer discounts from established charges to certain group purchasers of health care services, including private health insurers, employers, health maintenance organizations ( HMOs ), preferred provider organizations ( PPOs ) and other managed care plans, including health plans offered through the Exchanges. These discount programs generally limit our ability to increase revenues in response to increasing costs. See Item 1, Business Competition. For services under Medicare, Medicaid, HMOs, PPOs and other managed care plans, patients are generally responsible for any exclusions, deductibles or coinsurance features of their coverage. The amounts of such exclusions, deductibles and coinsurance continue to increase. Collection of amounts due from individuals is typically more difficult than from government health care programs or other third-party payers. We provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for Medicaid or for financial relief under our charity care policy. We may provide assistance to uninsured patients to help determine whether they may qualify for Medicaid, other federal or state assistance or charity care under our charity care policy. If an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied. Medicare In addition to the reimbursement reductions and adjustments discussed below, the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the BCA ) requires automatic spending reductions to reduce the federal deficit, resulting in a uniform percentage reduction across all Medicare programs of 2% per fiscal year that extends through the first five months of federal fiscal year 2033. We anticipate that the federal deficit will continue to place pressure on government health care programs, and it is possible that future legislation will impose additional spending reductions. Inpatient Acute Care Under the Medicare program, we receive reimbursement under a prospective payment system ( PPS ) for general, acute care hospital inpatient services. Under the hospital inpatient PPS, fixed payment amounts per inpatient discharge are established based on the patient s assigned Medicare severity diagnosis-related group ( MS-DRG ). MS-DRGs classify treatments for illnesses according to the estimated intensity of hospital resources necessary to furnish care for each principal diagnosis. MS-DRG weights represent the average resources for a given MS-DRG relative to the average resources for all MS-DRGs. MS-DRG payments are adjusted for area wage differentials. Hospitals, other than those defined as new, receive PPS reimbursement for inpatient capital costs based on MS-DRG weights multiplied by a geographically adjusted federal rate. When the cost to treat certain patients falls well outside the normal distribution, providers typically receive additional outlier payments. These payments are financed by offsetting reductions in the inpatient PPS rates. A high-cost outlier threshold is set annually at a level that targets estimated outlier payments equaling 5.1% of total inpatient PPS payments for the federal fiscal year. 7 MS-DRG payment rates are updated, and MS-DRG weights are recalibrated, using cost-relative weights each federal fiscal year (which begins October 1). The index used to update the MS-DRG payment rates (the market basket ) gives consideration to the inflation experienced by hospitals and entities outside the health care industry in purchasing goods and services. Each federal fiscal year, the annual market basket update is reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. A decrease in payment rates or an increase in rates that is below the increase in our costs may adversely affect our results of operations. For federal fiscal year 2025, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ( CMS ) increased the MS-DRG payment rates by approximately 2.9%. This increase reflected a market basket update of 3.4%, reduced by a 0.5 percentage point productivity adjustment. For federal fiscal year 2026, CMS increased the MS-DRG payment rates by approximately 2.6%. This increase reflects a market basket update of 3.3%, reduced by a 0.7 percentage point productivity adjustment. Additional adjustments may apply, depending on patient-specific or hospital-specific factors. For example, the two-midnight rule limits payments to hospitals when services to Medicare beneficiaries are payable as inpatient services. In addition, under transfer policies, Medicare reimbursement rates may be reduced when an inpatient hospital discharges a patient to another hospital or, for specified MS-DRGs, to certain post-acute care settings. We anticipate that additional adjustments may apply in future payment years as a result of 2024 court decisions that vacated a low wage index policy CMS adopted in 2020. The policy had funded an increase to the wage index value for hospitals with low wage indexes by decreasing reimbursement for all other hospitals. CMS has discontinued the low wage index policy and addressed the impact of the court decision prospectively in its final rules updating inpatient hospital payment rates and policies for federal fiscal years 2025 and 2026, but it is not yet clear how the agency will address the impact the low wage policy had in 2020 through 2024. CMS has implemented and is implementing a number of programs and requirements intended to transform Medicare from a passive payer to an active purchaser of quality goods and services. For example, hospitals that do not successfully participate in the Hospital Inpatient Quality Reporting Program are subject to a 25% reduction of the market basket update. Hospitals that do not demonstrate meaningful use of EHRs are subject to a 75% reduction of the market basket update. Further, Medicare does not allow an inpatient hospital discharge to be assigned to a higher paying MS-DRG if certain designated hospital acquired conditions ( HACs ) were not present on admission and the identified HAC is the only condition resulting in the assignment of the higher paying MS-DRG. In this situation, the case is paid as though the secondary diagnosis was not present. There are currently 14 categories of conditions on the list of HACs. In addition, the 25% of hospitals with the worst risk-adjusted HAC scores in the designated performance period receive a 1.0% reduction in their inpatient PPS Medicare payments in the applicable federal fiscal year. CMS has also established three National Coverage Determinations that prohibit Medicare reimbursement for erroneous surgical procedures performed on an inpatient or outpatient basis. Under the Hospital Readmission Reduction Program, payments to hospitals may also be reduced based on readmission rates. Each federal fiscal year, inpatient payments are reduced if a hospital experiences excess readmissions within the 30-day time period from the date of discharge for conditions or procedures designated by CMS during the prior performance review period. CMS has designated six conditions or procedures under the program, including heart attack, pneumonia and total hip arthroplasty. Hospitals with what CMS defines as excess readmissions for these conditions or procedures receive reduced payments for all inpatient discharges in the federal fiscal year, not just discharges relating to the conditions or procedures subject to the excess readmission standard. The amount by which payments are reduced is determined by assessing a hospital s performance relative to hospitals with similar proportions of dual eligible patients, subject to a cap established by CMS. The reduction in payments to hospitals with excess readmissions can be up to 3% of a hospital s base payments. Each hospital s performance is publicly reported by CMS. In addition, under the Hospital Value-Based Purchasing Program, CMS reduces the inpatient PPS payment amount for all discharges by 2.0% in each federal fiscal year. The total amount collected from these reductions is pooled, and the entire amount collected is redistributed as incentive payments to reward hospitals that meet certain quality performance standards established by CMS. CMS scores each hospital based on achievement (relative to other hospitals) and improvement ranges (relative to the hospital s own past performance) for each applicable performance standard. Hospitals that meet or exceed the quality performance standards receive greater reimbursement under the value-based purchasing program than they would have otherwise. Hospitals that do not achieve the necessary level of quality performance receive reduced Medicare inpatient hospital payments. Hospitals are scored on a number of 8 individual measures that are categorized into four domains: clinical outcomes; efficiency and cost reduction; safety; and person and community engagement. Outpatient CMS reimburses hospital outpatient services (and certain Medicare Part B services furnished to hospital inpatients who have no Part A coverage) on a PPS basis. Hospital outpatient services paid under PPS are classified into groups called ambulatory payment classifications ( APCs ). Services for each APC are similar clinically and in terms of the resources they require. Depending on the services provided, a hospital may be paid for more than one APC for a patient visit. A payment rate is established for each APC and updated for each calendar year. Each calendar year, the annual market basket update is further reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. For calendar year 2025, CMS increased payment rates under the outpatient PPS by an estimated 2.9%. This increase reflected a market basket increase of 3.4%, reduced by a 0.5 percentage point productivity adjustment. For calendar year 2026, CMS increased payment rates by an estimated 2.6%. This increase reflects a market basket increase of 3.3%, reduced by a 0.7 percentage point productivity adjustment. CMS requires hospitals to submit quality data relating to outpatient care to avoid receiving a 2.0 percentage point reduction in the annual payment update under the outpatient PPS. Medicare reimbursement for outpatient services may also be affected by broad shifts in payment policy. For example, the 340B Drug Pricing Program allows participating hospitals to purchase certain outpatient drugs from manufacturers at discounted rates. These hospitals are reimbursed for the discounted drugs under the same Medicare payment methodology and rates that apply to non-340B hospitals. In 2018, CMS implemented a payment policy that reduced Medicare payments for 340B hospitals for most drugs obtained at 340B-discounted rates and that resulted in increased payments for non-340B hospitals. Most of our facilities are non-340B hospitals. In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court invalidated this 340B program payment policy. As a result and to achieve budget neutrality, CMS reduced payment rates for non-drug services under the outpatient PPS for calendar year 2023, and lump sum payments were distributed to affected 340B hospitals as the remedy for calendar years 2018 through 2022. In order to comply with budget neutrality requirements, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) finalized a corresponding offset in future non-drug item and service payments for all outpatient PPS providers (except new providers) that will reduce the outpatient PPS conversion factor by 0.5% annually until the past invalidated payments are offset. This 0.5% reduction began in calendar year 2026 and was expected to continue for approximately 16 years, but CMS has indicated that it may accelerate this timeline by implementing a larger reduction beginning in calendar year 2027. In addition, CMS finalized a rule in November 2025 that, beginning in calendar year 2026, will phase out over three years the Medicare inpatient-only list, which is a list of procedures eligible to be reimbursed by Medicare only if performed in an inpatient setting. As a result, these procedures will also become eligible for Medicare reimbursement if performed in outpatient settings. Further, CMS has implemented an expanded site-neutral payment policy for clinic visit services provided at all off-campus provider-based departments. Under the policy, clinic visit services provided at all off-campus provider-based departments are generally not covered as outpatient department services under the outpatient PPS, but rather are reimbursed at the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule ( Physician Fee Schedule ) rate, which is generally lower than the outpatient PPS rate. Beginning in calendar year 2026, CMS expanded this policy by also applying the Physician Fee Schedule rate to drug administration services furnished in excepted off-campus provider-based departments. Rehabilitation CMS reimburses inpatient rehabilitation facilities ( IRFs ) on a PPS basis. Under the IRF PPS, patients are classified into case mix groups that reflect the relative resource intensity typically associated with the patient s clinical condition. The case mix groups are based upon impairment, age, functional motor and cognitive scores, and comorbidities (additional diseases or disorders from which the patient suffers). IRFs are paid a predetermined amount per discharge that reflects the patient s case mix group and is adjusted for facility-specific factors, such as area wage levels, proportion of low-income patients, and location in a rural area. Each federal fiscal year, the IRF rates are updated using a market basket index, which is reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. For federal fiscal year 2025, CMS increased IRF payment rates by an estimated 3.0%, reflecting an IRF market basket update of 3.5%, reduced by a 0.5 percentage point productivity adjustment. For federal fiscal year 2026, CMS increased IRF payment rates by an estimated 2.6%, reflecting an IRF market basket update of 3.3%, reduced by a 0.7 percentage point productivity adjustment. CMS requires IRFs to report quality measures to avoid receiving a reduction of 2.0 percentage points to the market basket update. 9 In order to qualify for classification as an IRF, at least 60% of a facility s inpatients during the most recent 12-month CMS-defined review period must have required intensive rehabilitation services for one or more of 13 specified conditions. IRFs must also meet additional coverage criteria, including patient selection and care requirements relating to pre-admission screenings, post-admission evaluations, ongoing coordination of care and involvement of rehabilitation physicians. A facility that fails to meet the 60% threshold, or other criteria to be classified as an IRF, will be paid under either the acute care hospital inpatient or outpatient PPS, which generally provide for lower payment amounts. As of December 31, 2025, we had four rehabilitation hospitals and 70 hospital rehabilitation units. Psychiatric Inpatient hospital services furnished in behavioral hospitals and behavioral units of general, acute care hospitals and critical access hospitals are reimbursed on a PPS basis. The inpatient psychiatric facility ( IPF ) PPS is based upon a per diem payment, with adjustments to account for certain patient and facility characteristics. The IPF PPS contains an outlier policy for extraordinarily costly cases and an adjustment to a facility s base payment if it maintains a full-service emergency department. CMS has established the IPF PPS payment rate in a manner intended to be budget neutral. Each federal fiscal year, IPF payment rates are updated using a market basket index, which is reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. For federal fiscal year 2025, CMS increased the IPF payment rates by 2.8%, which reflected a 3.3% IPF market basket increase, reduced by a 0.5 percentage point productivity adjustment. For federal fiscal year 2026, CMS increased the IPF payment rates by 2.5%, which reflects a 3.2% IPF market basket increase, reduced by a 0.7 percentage point productivity adjustment. Together with other policy changes, total Medicare payments to IPFs are anticipated to increase by 2.4% in federal fiscal year 2026. Inpatient psychiatric facilities are required to report quality measures to CMS to avoid receiving a 2.0 percentage point reduction to the market basket update. As of December 31, 2025, we had seven behavioral hospitals and 41 hospital behavioral units. Ambulatory Surgery Centers CMS reimburses ASCs using a predetermined fee schedule. Reimbursements for ASC overhead costs are limited to no more than the overhead costs paid to hospital outpatient departments under the Medicare hospital outpatient PPS for the same procedure. If CMS determines that a procedure is commonly performed in a physician s office, the ASC reimbursement for that procedure is limited to the reimbursement allowable under the Physician Fee Schedule, with limited exceptions. All surgical procedures, other than those that pose a significant safety risk or generally require an overnight stay, are payable as ASC procedures. From time to time, CMS expands the services that may be performed in ASCs, which may result in more Medicare procedures that historically have been performed in hospitals being moved to ASCs, reducing surgical volume in our hospitals. For example, as part of the November 2025 final rule that established a three-year phase-out of the Medicare inpatient-only list, CMS expanded the list of procedures reimbursable by Medicare in the ASC setting to include many procedures that were previously categorized as inpatient-only. Also, more Medicare procedures that historically have been performed in ASCs may be moved to physicians offices. Some commercial third-party payers have adopted similar policies. Historically, CMS updated reimbursement rates for ASCs based on changes to the consumer price index. However, since calendar year 2019, CMS has updated ASC reimbursement rates based on the hospital market basket index, partly to promote site-neutrality between hospitals and ASCs. Unless CMS extends this approach or adopts another payment update mechanism, ASC payment rates will be adjusted based on the consumer price index beginning in calendar year 2027. For each federal fiscal year, the ASC payment system update is reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. For calendar year 2025, CMS increased ASC payment rates by 2.9%, which reflected a market basket increase of 3.4%, reduced by a 0.5 percentage point productivity adjustment. For calendar year 2026, CMS increased payment rates by 2.6%, which reflects a market basket increase of 3.3%, reduced by a 0.7 percentage point productivity adjustment. In addition, CMS has established a quality reporting program for ASCs under which ASCs that fail to report on specified quality measures receive a 2.0 percentage point reduction to the market basket update. Physician Services Physician services are reimbursed under the Physician Fee Schedule system, under which CMS has assigned a national relative value unit ( RVU ) to most medical procedures and services that reflects the various resources required by a physician to provide the services, relative to all other services. Each RVU is calculated based on a combination of work required in terms of time and intensity of effort for the service, practice expense (overhead) attributable to the service and malpractice insurance expense attributable to the service. These three elements are each modified by a geographic adjustment factor to account for local practice costs and are then aggregated. While RVUs 10 for various services may change in a given year, any alterations are required by statute to be virtually budget neutral, such that total payments made under the Physician Fee Schedule may not differ by more than $20 million from what payments would have been if adjustments were not made. CMS annually reviews resource inputs for select services as part of the potentially misvalued code initiative. To determine the payment rate for a particular service, the sum of the geographically adjusted RVUs is multiplied by a conversion factor, which is adjusted annually. Medicare payments are adjusted based on participation in the Quality Payment Program ( QPP ), a payment methodology intended to reward high-quality patient care. CMS has indicated an intention to transition increasing financial risk to providers as the QPP evolves. Physicians and certain other health care clinicians are required to participate in one of two QPP tracks. The Advanced Alternative Payment Model ( APM ) track encourages participation in specific innovative payment models approved by CMS through financial incentives, which are paid two years after the relevant performance period. These financial incentives are not available for calendar year 2027 but restart for calendar year 2028. In addition, starting in calendar year 2026, APM qualifying providers receive positive adjustments to their Physician Fee Schedule payment rates through a conversion factor specific to qualifying APM participants. As required by statute, beginning in calendar year 2026, CMS has established two separate conversion factors: one for items and services furnished by qualifying APM participants, and another for non-qualifying practitioners. For calendar year 2026, CMS increased the qualifying APM conversion factor by approximately 3.8% and increased the non-qualifying practitioner conversion factor by approximately 3.3%. These positive updates are driven by, among other factors, adjustments mandated by statute, including a temporary 2.5% increase for calendar year 2026 required by the 2025 Federal Budget Act (the FBA ) enacted on July 4, 2025. Providers participating in the APM track are exempt from the reporting requirements and payment adjustments imposed under the Merit-Based Incentive Payment System ( MIPS ), the other QPP participation track. Providers electing the MIPS option receive payment incentives or are subject to payment reductions based on their performance with respect to clinical quality, resource use, clinical improvement activities, and meeting Promoting Interoperability standards related to the meaningful use of EHRs. Positive payment adjustments are subject to a scaling factor to meet budget neutrality requirements; the maximum negative payment adjustment is 9%. In addition to the payment changes above, CMS finalized an efficiency adjustment of negative 2.5% for calendar year 2026 that will apply to several thousand non-time-based billing codes for services that CMS believes are likely to have become more efficient over time, such as surgical procedures, diagnostic imaging interpretation, and orthopedic services. Time-based codes, such as those for evaluation and management services, and other codes on an exemption list are not subject to the adjustment. CMS intends to calculate and apply an efficiency adjustment every three years. Other CMS uses fee schedules to pay for physical, occupational and speech therapies, durable medical equipment, clinical diagnostic laboratory services, nonimplantable orthotics and prosthetics, services provided by independent diagnostic testing facilities and ambulance services. Under the various PPS structures, the payment rates are adjusted for area differences in wage levels by a factor reflecting the relative wage level in the geographic area compared to the national average wage level and taking into account occupational mix ( wage index ). To smooth variations and decrease volatility, CMS has implemented permanent, budget-neutral caps on year-to-year decreases in the wage indexes under certain PPS structures, including the hospital inpatient PPS and home health PPS. Medicare reimburses hospitals for a portion (65%) of deductible and coinsurance amounts that are uncollectable from Medicare beneficiaries. CMS competitively bids the Medicare fiscal intermediary and Medicare carrier functions to Medicare Administrative Contractors ( MACs ), which are geographically assigned across 12 jurisdictions to service both Part A and Part B providers. While hospitals with operations across multiple geographies have the option of having all hospitals use one home office MAC, we have chosen, in most cases, to use the MACs assigned to the geographic areas in which our hospitals are located. CMS periodically re-solicits bids, and the MAC servicing a geographic area can change as a result of the bid competition. MAC transition periods can impact claims processing functions and the resulting cash flows. CMS contracts with third parties to promote the integrity of the Medicare program through reviews of quality concerns and detections, and corrections of improper payments. Quality Improvement Organizations, for example, are groups of physicians and other health care quality experts that work on behalf of CMS to ensure that Medicare pays only for goods and services that are reasonable and necessary, and that are provided in the most appropriate setting. 11 Under the Recovery Audit Contractor ( RAC ) program, CMS contracts with RACs on a contingency basis to conduct reviews of claims, generally post-payment, to detect and correct improper payments in the fee-for-service Medicare program. The compensation for RACs is based on their review of claims submitted to Medicare for billing compliance, including correct coding and medical necessity, and the amount of overpayments and underpayments they identify. CMS limits the number of claims that RACs may audit by limiting the number of records that RACs may request from hospitals based on each provider s claim denial rate for the previous year. CMS has implemented the RAC program on a permanent, nationwide basis and expanded the RAC program to the Managed Medicare program and Medicare Part D. CMS has transitioned some of its other integrity programs to a consolidated model by engaging Unified Program Integrity Contractors ( UPICs ) to perform audits, investigations and other integrity activities. We have established policies and procedures to respond to requests from and payment denials by RACs and other Medicare contractors. Payment recoveries resulting from reviews and denials are appealable through administrative and judicial processes, and we pursue reversal of adverse determinations at appropriate appeal levels. We incur additional costs related to responding to requests and denials, including costs associated with responding to requests for records and pursuing the reversal of payment denials and losses associated with overpayments that are not reversed upon appeal. Depending upon changes to and the growth of the RAC program and other Medicare integrity programs, our success in appealing claims in future periods, and potential future delays in the appeals process, our cash flows and results of operations could be negatively impacted. CMS is implementing a new payment and service delivery model, the Wasteful and Inappropriate Service Reduction ( WISeR ) model, in six states in 2026, including Texas. Under the WISeR model, CMS will contract with technology vendors tasked with using enhanced technologies, including AI, to address compliance with Medicare coverage criteria for selected items and services, which are generally lower acuity procedures, under traditional fee-for-service Medicare. Providers will be required to submit prior authorization requests for the selected items and services or claims will be subject to post-service, pre-payment medical review. Participating technology vendors will receive a percentage of the cost savings resulting from their reviews, adjusted based on performance measures. The model will run for six performance years. Medicare reimburses teaching hospitals for portions of the direct and indirect costs of graduate medical education ( GME ) through statutory formulas that are generally based on the number of medical residents and which take into account patient volume or the number of hospital beds. Accrediting organizations review GME programs for compliance with educational standards. Many of our hospitals operate GME or other residency programs to train physicians and other allied health professionals. Managed Medicare Under the Managed Medicare program (also known as Medicare Part C, or Medicare Advantage), the federal government contracts with private health insurers to provide members with Medicare Part A, Part B and Part D benefits. Managed Medicare plans can be structured as HMOs, PPOs or private fee-for-service plans. In addition to covering Part A and Part B benefits, the health insurers may choose to offer supplemental benefits and impose higher premiums and plan costs on beneficiaries. CMS makes fee payment adjustments based on service benchmarks and quality ratings and publishes star ratings to assist beneficiaries with plan selection. According to CMS data, approximately half of all Medicare enrollees participate in managed Medicare plans. Starting January 1, 2024, managed Medicare plans must adhere to the two-midnight rule, which requires managed Medicare plans to provide coverage for an inpatient admission when the admitting physician expects the patient to require hospital care that crosses over two midnights. Medicare Advantage enrollment is generally projected to continue to increase over the next decade. Medicaid Medicaid programs are funded jointly by the federal government and the states. These programs are administered by states under approved plans and waivers. Most state Medicaid program payments are made under a PPS or are based on negotiated payment levels with individual hospitals. Medicaid reimbursement is often less than a hospital s cost of services. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ), requires states to expand Medicaid coverage to all individuals under age 65 with incomes effectively at or below 138% of the federal poverty level. However, states may opt out of the expansion without losing existing federal Medicaid funding. The majority of states adopted Medicaid expansion; however, a number of states, including Texas and Florida, have opted out of the expansion. Among the non-expansion states, the maximum income level required for individuals and families to qualify for Medicaid varies. 12 The number of individuals enrolled in Medicaid declined in 2025 in comparison to 2024. This continued decline follows a period of increased enrollment that occurred through mid-2023 as a result of COVID-19 relief legislation that authorized a temporary increase in federal funds in states that maintained continuous Medicaid enrollment, among other requirements. The end of the continuous enrollment requirement in 2023, including the resumption of redeterminations for Medicaid enrollees, resulted in significant coverage disruptions and dis-enrollments of Medicaid beneficiaries. Most states have completed the process of unwinding the continuous enrollment provision. Significant changes are expected in state Medicaid programs as a result of the FBA, including anticipated decreases in Medicaid enrollment. Among other changes, the law limits eligibility for Medicaid by imposing work or community engagement requirements for adults under age 65 in the Medicaid expansion states, including states with waiver-based expansions, subject to limited exceptions. State compliance is required by December 31, 2026, but states may choose to implement the mandate earlier. In addition, the FBA increases the frequency of eligibility redeterminations to every six months for adults in Medicaid expansion states, including waiver-based expansion states, starting for redeterminations scheduled on or after December 31, 2026, and increases cost-sharing obligations for enrollees in those states beginning in federal fiscal year 2029. The FBA is expected to decrease federal Medicaid spending, including as a result of changes to Medicaid eligibility policies and changes to Medicaid financing mechanisms, such as limitations on provider tax arrangements. Currently, most states in which we operate have adopted statewide provider taxes to fund the non-federal share of Medicaid programs within the state. Some states that use provider taxes, including Florida and Texas, rely on local provider taxes that are administered by local governments. For states to be able to draw down federal Medicaid matching funds based on the revenues from provider taxes, the taxes must satisfy federal requirements, including that the taxes be broad-based, uniform and not hold taxpayers harmless, subject to limited exceptions. The FBA includes restrictions on provider tax arrangements intended to reduce the federal matching funds received by state Medicaid programs, with greater restrictions in states that have expanded Medicaid, including states with waiver-based expansions. Anticipated CMS rulemaking is expected to bring increased clarity to implementation and subsequent revenue impacts. The FBA prohibits states from establishing new provider taxes or increasing rates of existing provider taxes for state fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 2026. Beginning in fiscal year 2028, the law reduces the 6% safe harbor limit by 0.5% annually in Medicaid expansion states until the safe harbor limit in those states reaches 3.5% in federal fiscal year 2032, subject to exceptions. In addition, the FBA limits the structure and applicability of provider taxes, such that some taxes on managed care organizations and providers permitted prior to the enactment of the FBA are no longer permissible, subject to transition periods. The FBA also impacts state directed payment arrangements, as further discussed below. Many states are facing increasing or evolving budgetary pressures, including as a result of the FBA and other recent federal actions. Because most states must operate with balanced budgets and because the Medicaid program may be a state s largest budget expenditure, many states have adopted or may consider adopting various strategies to reduce their Medicaid expenditures, such as legislation designed to reduce coverage or enroll Medicaid recipients in managed care programs or policies decreasing provider reimbursement. Some states use, or have applied to use, waivers granted by CMS to implement Medicaid expansion, impose different eligibility or enrollment restrictions, or otherwise implement programs that vary from federal standards. For example, the Texas Healthcare Transformation and Quality Improvement Program, which is operated under a Medicaid waiver, enables the expansion of Medicaid managed care programs in the state and provides funding for uncompensated care. The funding amount to each hospital for uncompensated care is recalculated annually by the state and subject to changes in state policies. The total uncompensated care funding for the state is periodically reassessed by CMS and the state. In recent years, aspects of existing or proposed Medicaid programs have been subject to legal challenge, resulting in uncertainty. Additionally, federal legislation and administrative policies that shape administration of the Medicaid programs at the state level are subject to change. For example, CMS is expected to issue additional rulemaking and guidance regarding implementation of the FBA, and CMS administrators may in the future allow states to impose additional eligibility or enrollment restrictions. Reductions in federal Medicaid funds and increases to state administrative burdens could have a significant impact on Medicaid programs, such as limitations on eligibility or coverage, particularly if states are unable to offset federal funding reductions. Further, some Medicaid expansion states have trigger laws that would end their Medicaid expansion or require other changes if the federal funding match rate is reduced or similar funding restrictions are imposed for Medicaid expansion. These trigger laws vary and most are not directly implicated by the FBA, but some states nonetheless may consider or make changes to Medicaid expansion programs due to related budgetary pressures. These issues are further discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors. Many state Medicaid programs incorporate value-based purchasing models and related payment and delivery system reform initiatives that incentivize improvements in quality of care and cost-effectiveness. For example, federal funds under the Medicaid program may not be used to reimburse providers for treatment of certain provider-preventable conditions. Each state Medicaid program must deny payments to providers for the treatment of health 13 care-acquired conditions designated by CMS as well as other provider-preventable conditions that may be designated by the state. Congress has expanded the federal government s involvement in fighting fraud, waste and abuse in the Medicaid program through the Medicaid Integrity Program. CMS employs UPICs to perform post-payment audits of Medicaid claims, identify overpayments and perform other program integrity activities. The UPICs collaborate with states and coordinate provider investigations across the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In addition, state Medicaid agencies are required to establish Medicaid RAC programs. These programs vary by state in design and operation. Managed Medicaid Enrollment in managed Medicaid plans has decreased following the end of the Medicaid continuous enrollment policy established under COVID-19 relief legislation, but the plans remain a common strategy as state governments seek to control the cost of Medicaid programs. Managed Medicaid programs enable states to contract with one or more entities for patient enrollment, care management and claims adjudication. The states usually do not relinquish program responsibilities for financing, eligibility criteria and core benefit plan design. We generally contract directly with one or more of the designated entities, usually a managed care organization. The provisions of these programs are state-specific. Certain states may direct managed care plans to pass through supplemental payments to designated providers, independent of services rendered, to ensure consistent funding of providers that serve large numbers of low-income patients. In an effort to more closely tie funds to delivery and outcomes, CMS is limiting these pass-through payments that are paid by states under managed Medicaid plan contracts and will generally prohibit such payments by July 2027. However, CMS permits new pass-throughs of supplemental provider payments for up to a three-year period when states are transitioning Medicaid populations or services from a fee-for-service system to a managed care system. Medicaid State Directed and Supplemental Payments Some states make additional payments to providers through the Medicaid program that are separate from base payments and not specifically tied to an individual s care. Medicaid supplemental payments may be in the form of payments, such as upper payment limit payments, that are intended to address the difference between Medicaid fee-for-service payments and Medicare reimbursement rates, or payments under other programs that vary by state under waivers authorized by Section 1115 of the Social Security Act. These supplemental reimbursement programs are generally authorized by CMS for a specified period of time and require CMS approval to be extended. In addition, many states have implemented state directed payment ( SDP ) arrangements to direct certain Medicaid managed care plan expenditures. These arrangements, which are generally subject to annual approval by CMS, allow states to implement delivery system and provider payment initiatives by requiring Medicaid managed care organizations to pay providers according to specific rates or methods. For example, SDP arrangements may require managed care plans to implement value-based purchasing models or performance improvement initiatives or may direct managed care plans to adopt specific payment parameters, such as minimum or maximum fee schedules for specific types of providers. States are increasingly using SDP arrangements, and some states have converted supplemental payment programs to SDP arrangements, diverting previously available funding. SDP arrangements can be limited to a specific subset of providers, and providers that do not satisfy applicable criteria may be ineligible for payments. If a state is unable to obtain future CMS approvals of these programs, our revenues could be negatively impacted. The use and nature of SDP arrangements are subject to policy changes. For example, the FBA directs HHS to revise regulations governing SDP arrangements by tying caps on total payment rates paid by Medicaid managed care organizations for specified services, including hospital services, to Medicare payment rates instead of average commercial rates. Several states in which we operate currently tie caps on total payment rates paid by managed care organizations to average commercial rates. Under the revised regulations, rates will generally be capped at 100% of the total published Medicare payment rate in Medicaid expansion states, including states with waiver-based expansions, and at 110% of the total published Medicare payment rate in non-expansion states. The revised regulations will apply to SDP arrangements made for services furnished in the rating periods beginning on or after July 4, 2025. However, the FBA temporarily grandfathers certain SDP arrangements, including those for which an application was submitted to CMS prior to July 4, 2025, for the rating period occurring within 180 days of July 4, 2025, and those that received approval or made a good faith effort to receive approval from CMS prior to May 1, 2025. Beginning with the rating period on or after January 1, 2028, grandfathered SDP arrangements will be reduced by 10 percentage points annually until they reach the allowable payment limits. Certain states in which we operate have submitted applications to CMS for approval where the grandfathered payments we receive could be impacted and, in some instances, increased. Some states have received preliminary grandfathering determinations with application approvals, but we are unable to predict the timing or extent of any additional approvals by CMS and the resulting recognition of the 14 related revenues. In addition, CMS issued a final rule in May 2024 that revised SDP arrangement requirements, including removing regulatory barriers to help states use SDP arrangements to implement value-based purchasing payment arrangements and include non-network providers in SDP arrangements. Further, the rule requires states to ensure each provider receiving an SDP attest by January 1, 2028, that they do not participate in any arrangement that holds taxpayers harmless for the cost of a tax. The various elements of the rule take effect between issuance and early 2028. Medicaid supplemental payment programs and arrangements continue to evolve, and it is possible that these and other developments and program reviews will result in the restructuring of or other significant changes to supplemental payment programs and SDP arrangements. We are unable to estimate the financial impact that program structure modifications and other program changes, if any, may have on our results of operations. Over the last three years, states in which the majority of our hospitals operate have implemented or enhanced their Medicaid supplemental payment programs and SDP arrangements. Revenues from these programs totaled approximately $6.2 billion, $5.5 billion and $4.4 billion in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Disproportionate Share Hospital Payments Separate from the state-administered programs outlined above, the federal Medicare program makes additional payments to hospitals that treat a disproportionately large number of low-income patients. Disproportionate Share Hospital ( DSH ) payment adjustments are determined annually based on certain statistical information required by HHS and are paid as a percentage addition to MS-DRG payments. The methodology for calculating DSH payment adjustments is affected by shifts in payment policy and is also subject to frequent, ongoing litigation. For example, CMS published a final rule in August 2023 that has been the subject of litigation and that will affect the treatment of patient days paid under demonstrations authorized under Section 1115 of the Social Security Act (including through demonstration-authorized uncompensated and undercompensated care pools) in the Medicaid fraction of the DSH payment formula. Implementation of the 2023 final rule is expected to result in lower DSH payments for hospitals. Separately, lawsuits filed in April 2025 allege that the Medicare DSH calculation inappropriately reduces hospital reimbursement by counting only fee-for-service Medicare patients who received Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) cash assistance during the inpatient stay, excluding beneficiaries covered under Medicare Advantage and other Medicare and SSI categories. The plaintiffs argue this policy resembles rulemaking previously vacated by the U.S. Supreme Court. CMS also distributes a payment to each DSH hospital that is allocated according to the hospital s proportion of uncompensated care costs relative to the uncompensated care amount of other DSH hospitals. The Medicaid program also provides for DSH payments, funded by both the federal government and state governments, which are intended to offset hospital uncompensated care costs. The federal government distributes federal Medicaid DSH funds to each state based on a statutory formula. The states then distribute the DSH funding among qualifying hospitals. States have broad discretion to define which hospitals qualify for Medicaid DSH payments and the amount of such payments. Medicaid DSH payments are also affected by shifts in payment policy. For example, CMS published a final rule in February 2024 affecting how states calculate hospital-specific caps for Medicaid DSH payments. The Affordable Care Act and subsequent legislation provided for reductions to the Medicaid DSH hospital program. Under current law, Medicaid DSH payments will be reduced by $8 billion in federal fiscal year 2028. Value-Based Care Arrangements Governmental and commercial payers have made efforts to promote value-based purchasing of health care services across the health care industry in recent years. Generally, value-based care aims to hold providers accountable for delivering efficient, effective care, tying provider reimbursement to patient outcomes or related measures. Value-based care arrangements vary in the method for determining payments and the level of risk assumed, among other factors. For example, Medicare reimbursement may be adjusted based on quality and efficiency measures and/or compliance with quality reporting requirements. In addition, CMS websites make available to the public data submitted by hospitals, home health agencies, hospices, and other Medicare-certified providers in connection with Medicare reimbursement claims, including performance data on quality measures and patient satisfaction . An accountable care organization ( ACO ), an example of a value-based arrangement, is a group of providers and suppliers that work together to invest in infrastructure and redesign delivery processes to attempt to achieve high quality and efficient delivery of services. ACOs are intended to promote accountability, coordinate care and produce savings as a result of improved quality and operational efficiency. There are several types of ACO programs, including the Medicare Shared Savings Program ( MSSP ), which is Medicare s permanent ACO program. Medicare-approved ACOs that achieve quality performance standards while lowering growth in expenditures are eligible to share in a portion of the amounts saved by the Medicare program. Conversely, under some MSSP payment tracks, ACOs may be required to pay shared losses if expenditures exceed an established benchmark. Failure to meet quality performance 15 standards may result in an ACO s termination from the MSSP. CMS continues to explore strategies to accelerate the growth of and access to ACOs. The CMS Innovation Center is responsible for establishing demonstration projects and other initiatives in order to identify, develop, test and encourage the adoption of new methods of delivering and paying for health care that create savings under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, while improving quality of care. For example, providers participating in bundled payment initiatives agree to receive one payment for services provided to Medicare patients for certain medical conditions or episodes of care, accepting accountability for costs and quality of care. By rewarding providers for increasing quality and reducing costs and penalizing providers if costs exceed a set amount, these models are intended to lead to higher quality, more coordinated care at a lower cost to the Medicare program. Hospitals may receive supplemental Medicare payments or owe repayments to CMS depending on whether overall CMS spending per episode exceeds or falls below a target specified by CMS and whether quality standards are met. The CMS Innovation Center has implemented bundled payment models in recent years, including the Bundled Payment Care Improvement Advanced program, which ran through December 2025. Participation in bundled payment programs is generally voluntary, but some models are mandatory. For example, beginning in January 2026, CMS requires hospitals in selected geographic areas to participate in a new mandatory bundled payment program, Transforming Episode Accountability Model ( TEAM ), that is focused on five specified surgical procedure episodes. An additional mandatory bundled payment program, the Ambulatory Specialty Model, will begin in January 2027. Participation in this model will be mandatory for specialists treating heart failure and low back pain Medicare beneficiaries in outpatient settings in selected geographic areas. The CMS Innovation Center released a new strategic direction in 2025, which continues to support the transition from Medicare fee-for-service models to value-based payment and care delivery models. The new strategy is based on three pillars: promoting disease prevention, empowering individuals through information and processes, and driving choice and competition in health care markets. The CMS Innovation Center indicated it will update existing value-based models and release new models consistent with these pillars. Model reviews and new model designs may require that all alternative payment models involve downside risk and that a growing proportion of Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries are in global downside risk arrangements, among other requirements. The CMS Innovation Center also indicated that it plans to test improvements in Medicare Advantage and Medicaid. Several private third-party payers are increasingly employing alternative payment models, which may increasingly shift financial risk to providers. TRICARE TRICARE is the Department of Defense s health care program for members of the armed forces. For inpatient services, TRICARE reimburses hospitals based on a DRG system modeled on the Medicare inpatient PPS. For outpatient services, TRICARE reimburses hospitals based on a PPS that is similar to that utilized for outpatient services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries. Annual Cost Reports All hospitals, home health agencies, hospice providers and other institutional providers participating in the Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE programs, whether paid on a reasonable cost basis or under a PPS, are required to meet certain financial reporting requirements. Federal and, where applicable, state regulations require the submission of annual cost reports covering the revenues, costs and expenses associated with the services provided by each provider type to Medicare beneficiaries and Medicaid recipients. Annual cost reports required under the Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to routine audits, which may result in adjustments to the amounts ultimately determined to be due to us under these reimbursement programs. These audits often require several years to reach the final determination of amounts due to or from us under these programs. Providers also have rights of appeal, and it is common to contest issues raised in audits of cost reports. Managed Care and Other Private Health Insurance Plans Health insurance coverage offered by private-sector insurance companies is the most common form of health coverage in the United States. Consumers generally obtain private coverage through an employer or by purchasing directly from an insurer, including through the Exchanges. Some individuals who purchase through the Exchanges are eligible for federal financial assistance for coverage, including premium tax credits. Most private plans have a managed care approach, involving a limited network of providers and attempting to control costs and utilization with strategies such as financial incentives and utilization management. Private health insurance is subject to a complex regulatory framework at both the federal and state levels, often involving multiple governmental entities with overlapping authority. The federal government has taken an increasingly significant regulatory role in recent years, including by establishing various consumer protections 16 applicable to health insurance and through the administration of the federally-facilitated Exchanges. Many recent health care reform efforts have been focused on access to health insurance. For example, CMS issued a final rule in June 2025 that standardizes and shortens the open enrollment period for individual market coverage, both on and off the Exchanges, imposes limitations on eligibility for enrollment through the Exchanges and for premium tax credits, and requires stricter income verification measures, among other changes. However, this rule is currently the subject of legal challenges and, in August 2025, a federal district court issued a nationwide stay of several provisions. In addition, the FBA includes health care policy changes that are expected to impact insurance coverage obtained through the Exchanges by effectively ending automatic renewals of enrollment by requiring pre-enrollment verification and annual re-verification of tax credit eligibility, among other measures. The provisions directly impacting Exchanges under the FBA and the final rule take effect at various times over the next three years. Most of our hospitals offer discounts from established charges to certain large group purchasers of health care services, including managed care plans and private health insurers. Admissions reimbursed by commercial managed care and other insurers were 32%, 32% and 30% of our total admissions for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Managed care contracts are typically negotiated for terms between one and three years. While we generally have received contracted annual increases to payment rates from managed care payers, there can be no assurance that we will continue to receive increases in the future. Price transparency initiatives may impact our relationships with payers and ability to obtain or maintain favorable contract terms. For example, hospitals are required to publish a list of their standard charges for all items and services, including gross charges, discounted cash prices and payer-specific and de-identified minimum and maximum negotiated charges, in a machine-readable, publicly accessible online file. Further, CMS requires most health insurers to publish online charges negotiated with providers for health care services . Uninsured and Self-Pay Patients Self-pay revenues are derived from providing health care services to patients without health insurance coverage and from the patient responsibility portion of payments for our health care services that are not covered by an individual s health plan. Collection of amounts due from individuals is typically more difficult than collection of amounts due from government health care programs or private third-party payers. Any increases in uninsured individuals, changes to the payer mix or greater adoption of health plan structures that result in higher patient responsibility amounts could increase amounts due from individuals. The No Surprises Act requires providers to provide uninsured and self-pay patients, in advance of the scheduled date for the item or service or upon request of the individual, a good faith estimate of the expected charges for furnishing scheduled items or services, including billing and diagnostic codes. HHS is delaying enforcement with regard to good faith estimates to uninsured individuals that do not include expected charges for co-providers or co-facilities until the agency issues additional regulations. If the actual charges to the uninsured or self-pay patient exceed the good faith estimate by an amount deemed to be substantial by regulation (which is currently $400), the patient can invoke a patient-provider dispute resolution process to challenge the higher amount. A high percentage of our uninsured patients are initially admitted through our emergency rooms. For the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 88% of our admissions of uninsured patients occurred through our emergency rooms. The Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act ( EMTALA ) requires any hospital that participates in the Medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an emergency medical condition, to either stabilize that condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility that can handle the condition. The obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an individual s ability to pay for treatment. In addition, federal and some state laws require health insurers to reimburse hospitals for emergency services provided to enrollees without prior authorization and without regard to whether a participating provider contract is in place. 17 Health Care Facility Utilization We believe the most important factors relating to the overall utilization of a hospital are the quality and market position of the hospital and the number and quality of physicians and other health care professionals providing patient care within the facility. Generally, we believe the ability of a hospital to be a market leader is determined by its breadth of services, level of technology, quality and condition of the facilities, emphasis on quality of care and convenience for patients and physicians. Other factors that impact utilization include shifts in local population size, local economic conditions and market penetration of managed care programs. The following table sets forth certain operating statistics for our health care facilities. Health care facility operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations, including decreases in patient utilization during holiday periods and increases in the cold weather months. 2025 2024 2023 Number of hospitals at end of period 190 190 186 Number of freestanding outpatient surgery centers at end of period(a) 121 124 124 Number of licensed beds at end of period(b) 50,436 49,985 49,588 Weighted average beds in service(c) 42,901 42,633 41,873 Admissions(d) 2,297,065 2,236,595 2,130,728 Equivalent admissions(e) 4,107,152 3,990,085 3,788,434 Average length of stay (days)(f) 4.8 4.8 4.9 Average daily census(g) 29,899 29,581 28,721 Occupancy rate(h) 73 % 73 % 72 % Emergency room visits(i) 9,946,962 9,789,265 9,342,783 Outpatient surgeries(j) 1,022,812 1,024,998 1,044,415 Inpatient surgeries(k) 545,405 540,704 528,845 Days revenues in accounts receivable(l) 51 54 53 Outpatient revenues as a % of patient revenues(m) 38 % 38 % 38 % (a) Excludes freestanding endoscopy centers (31 at December 31, 2025, 26 at December 31, 2024 and 24 at December 31, 2023). (b) Licensed beds are those beds for which a facility has been granted approval to operate from the applicable state licensing agency. (c) Represents the average number of beds in service, weighted based on periods owned. (d) Represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient volume. (e) Equivalent admissions are used by management and certain investors as a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume. Equivalent admissions are computed by multiplying admissions (inpatient volume) by the sum of gross inpatient revenue and gross outpatient revenue and then dividing the resulting amount by gross inpatient revenue. The equivalent admissions computation equates outpatient revenue to the volume measure (admissions) used to measure inpatient volume, resulting in a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume. (f) Represents the average number of days admitted patients stay in our hospitals. (g) Represents the average number of admitted patients in our hospital beds each day. (h) Represents the percentage of hospital beds in service that are occupied by patients (admitted and observations). Both average daily census and occupancy rate provide measures of the utilization of inpatient rooms. (i) Represents the number of patients treated in our emergency rooms. (j) Represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who were not admitted to our hospitals. Pain management and endoscopy procedures are not included in outpatient surgeries. (k) Represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who have been admitted to our hospitals. Pain management and endoscopy procedures are not included in inpatient surgeries. (l) Revenues per day is calculated by dividing the revenues for the fourth quarter of each year by the days in the quarter. Days revenues in accounts receivable is then calculated as accounts receivable at the end of the period divided by revenues per day. (m) Represents the percentage of patient revenues related to patients who are not admitted to our hospitals. 18 Competition Generally, other hospitals and facilities in the communities we serve provide services similar to those we offer. Additionally, the number of freestanding specialty hospitals, surgery centers, emergency departments, urgent care centers, diagnostic and imaging centers and other medical facilities in the geographic areas in which we operate continues to increase. As a result, most of our hospitals and other facilities operate in a highly competitive environment. In some cases, competing facilities are more established than we are. Some competing facilities are physician-owned or are owned by tax-supported government agencies, and many others are owned by not-for-profit entities that may be supported by endowments, charitable contributions and/or tax revenues and are exempt from sales, property and income taxes. Such exemptions and support are not available to our facilities and may provide the tax-supported or not-for-profit entities an advantage in funding capital expenditures. In certain localities, there are large teaching hospitals that provide highly specialized facilities, equipment and services that may not be available at most of our hospitals. We also face competition from specialty hospitals and from both our own and unaffiliated freestanding ASCs for market share in certain high margin services. Trends toward clinical and pricing transparency may impact our competitive position, ability to obtain or maintain favorable contract terms and patient volumes in ways that may be difficult to predict. For example, hospitals are required to publish a list of their standard charges for all items and services, including gross charges, discounted cash prices and payer-specific and de-identified minimum and maximum negotiated charges, in a machine-readable, publicly accessible online file. In addition, CMS websites make available to the public data submitted by hospitals, home health agencies, hospices, and other Medicare-certified providers in connection with Medicare reimbursement claims, including performance data on quality measures and patient satisfaction . Our strategies are designed to ensure our hospitals and other facilities are competitive. We believe our hospitals and other facilities compete within local communities on the basis of many factors, including the quality of care, ability to attract and retain quality physicians, skilled clinical personnel and other health care professionals, location, breadth of services, technology offered and quality and condition of the facilities. We focus on operating outpatient services with accessibility and convenient service for patients and predictability and efficiency for physicians. Two of the most significant factors that impact the competitive position of a hospital are the number and quality of physicians affiliated with or employed by the hospital. Although physicians may at any time terminate their relationship with a hospital we operate, our hospitals seek to retain physicians with varied specialties on the hospitals medical staffs and to attract other qualified physicians. We believe physicians refer patients to a hospital based on the quality and scope of services the hospital renders to patients and physicians, the quality of physicians on the medical staff, the location of the hospital and the quality of the hospital s facilities, technology, equipment and employees. Accordingly, we strive to maintain and provide quality facilities, technology, equipment, employees and services for physicians and patients. As part of these efforts, we are implementing a new EHR platform across our facilities that is designed to help improve care coordination, enhance data integrity and interoperability, and drive operating efficiencies and cost savings. Our hospitals face competitors that are implementing physician alignment strategies, such as employing physicians, acquiring physician practice groups and participating in ACOs or other clinical integration models. Another major factor in the competitive position of our hospitals and other facilities is our ability to negotiate service contracts with group purchasers of health care services. Managed care plans attempt to direct and coordinate members use of health care services and obtain discounts from providers established gross charges. Similarly, employers and traditional health insurers continue to attempt to contain costs through negotiations with providers for managed care programs and discounts from established gross charges. Generally, hospitals compete for service contracts with group purchasers of health care services on the basis of price, market reputation, geographic location, quality and range of services, quality of the medical staff and convenience. Legislative and regulatory initiatives may impact our contract terms or ability to contract with payers, such as laws that permit payers to guide patients to particular providers and eliminate restrictions on placing providers into preferred tiers. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew our contracts with third-party payers and enter into new contracts on favorable terms. Other health care providers may impact our ability to enter into contracts with third-party payers or negotiate increases in our reimbursement and other favorable terms and conditions. For example, some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with managed care plans or otherwise restrict the ability of managed care companies to contract with us. Price transparency initiatives and increasing vertical integration efforts involving third-party payers and health care providers, among other factors, may increase these challenges. Moreover, the trend toward consolidation among private third-party payers tends to increase payer bargaining power over fee structures, and private third-party payers may increasingly demand reduced fees or be unwilling to negotiate reimbursement increases. Health plans increasingly utilize narrow networks that restrict the number of participating providers or tiered networks that impose significantly higher cost sharing obligations on patients who obtain services from providers in a disfavored tier. The importance of obtaining contracts with group purchasers of health care services varies by 19 purchaser and by community, depending on the market position of such organizations. In addition, changes in the payer contracts of our competitors may impact the payer mix and patient volume of our hospitals and other facilities. State certificate of need ( CON ) laws, which place limitations on a health care facility s ability to expand services and facilities, make capital expenditures and otherwise make changes in operations, may also have the effect of restricting competition. We currently operate health care facilities in a number of states with CON laws or that require other types of approvals for the establishment or expansion of certain facility types or services. Before issuing a CON or other approval, these states consider the need for additional, changes in, or expanded health care facilities or services. Removal of these requirements could reduce barriers to entry and increase competition in our service areas. In those states that do not require state approval or that set relatively high levels of expenditures before they become reviewable by state authorities, competition in the form of new services, facilities and capital spending is more prevalent. Other federal and state laws and regulations may also adversely impact our ability to expand, such as a regulation commonly known as the 36 Month Rule. This rule, which applies to home health agencies and hospices, restricts the assumption by a new majority owner of the provider s Medicare provider agreement and billing privileges within 36 months of the provider s effective date of initial Medicare enrollment or most recent change in majority ownership. In addition, changes in licensure or other laws or regulations and recognition of new provider types or payment models could impact our competitive position. See Item 1, Business Regulation and Other Factors. We and the health care industry as a whole face the challenge of continuing to provide quality patient care while dealing with rising costs and strong competition for patients. Changes in medical technology, existing and future legislation, regulations and interpretations and contracting for provider services by third-party payers remain ongoing challenges. Admissions, average lengths of stay and reimbursement amounts continue to be negatively affected by third-party payer pre-admission authorization requirements, utilization review and pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative health care delivery services for less acutely ill patients. Increased competition, admission constraints and third-party payer pressures are expected to continue. To meet these challenges, we intend to expand and update our facilities or acquire or construct new facilities where appropriate, enhance the provision of a comprehensive array of outpatient services, offer market competitive pricing to group purchasers of health care services, upgrade facilities and equipment and offer new or expanded programs and services. Regulation and Other Factors Licensure, Certification and Accreditation Health care facility construction and operation are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations relating to the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, maintenance of adequate records, fire prevention, rate-setting, building codes and environmental protection. Facilities are subject to periodic inspection by governmental and other authorities to assure continued compliance with the various standards necessary for licensing, certification, and accreditation. We believe our health care facilities are properly licensed under applicable state laws. Each of our acute care hospitals located in the United States is eligible to participate in Medicare and Medicaid programs. To receive reimbursement under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, organizational providers and suppliers and individuals must satisfy extensive enrollment and revalidation requirements. CMS has the authority to deny or revoke Medicare enrollment and deactivate billing privileges for a variety of reasons. An adverse action relating to Medicare enrollment may impact a provider s Medicaid eligibility, and adverse actions relating to Medicaid enrollment may impact Medicare enrollment. If any facility were to lose its Medicare or Medicaid certification, the facility would be unable to receive reimbursement from applicable federal health care programs. Each of our general, acute care hospitals located in the United States is accredited by The Joint Commission or another health care accrediting organization. From time to time, we may acquire a facility that is not accredited but for which we will seek accreditation. If any facility were to lose accreditation, the facility would be subject to state surveys, potentially be subject to increased scrutiny by CMS and likely lose payment from private third-party payers. The Controlled Substances Act and Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) regulations require every person who dispenses controlled substances to be registered with the DEA at each principal place of business or professional practice where the person dispenses controlled substances, subject to limited exceptions. Each hospital or clinic must hold a DEA registration at each location and may be subject to similar state registration requirements. In addition, we are subject to a variety of federal and state statutes and regulations that govern operational issues related to pharmaceuticals and controlled substances, such as those related to packaging, storing, and dispensing of 20 pharmaceutical drugs, inventory control and recordkeeping requirements for controlled substances, and other standards intended to prevent diversion of controlled substances. The DEA, the Department of Justice ( DOJ ), HHS, and state boards of pharmacy have broad enforcement powers, may conduct audits and investigations and can impose substantial fines and other penalties, including revocation of registration. Management believes our facilities are in substantial compliance with current applicable federal, state, local and independent review body regulations and standards. The requirements for licensure, certification and accreditation are subject to change, and, in order to remain qualified, it may become necessary for us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel and services. The requirements for licensure, certification and accreditation also include notification or approval in the event of the transfer or change of ownership or certain other changes. Failure to provide required notifications or obtain necessary approvals in these circumstances can result in the inability to complete an acquisition or change of ownership, loss of licensure, lapses in reimbursement or other penalties. Certificates of Need In some states where we operate hospitals and other health care providers, the construction or expansion of health care facilities, the transfer or change of ownership of existing facilities, capital expenditures and the addition of new beds or services may be subject to review by and prior approval of, or notifications to, state regulatory agencies under a CON program. Such laws generally require the reviewing state agency to determine the public need for additional or expanded health care facilities and services or other change. Failure to provide required notifications or obtain necessary state approvals can result in the inability to expand facilities, complete an acquisition or expenditure or change ownership or other penalties. Federal Health Care Program Regulations Participation in any federal health care program, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, is heavily regulated by statute and regulation. If a hospital or other provider fails to substantially comply with the numerous conditions of participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs or performs certain prohibited acts, the provider s participation in the federal health care programs may be terminated, or civil and/or criminal penalties may be imposed. Civil monetary penalties are adjusted annually based on updates to the consumer price index. Anti-kickback Statute A section of the Social Security Act known as the Anti-kickback Statute prohibits providers and others from directly or indirectly soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration with the intent of generating referrals or orders for services or items covered by a federal health care program. Courts have interpreted this statute broadly and held that there is a violation of the Anti-kickback Statute if just one purpose of the remuneration is to generate referrals, even if there are other lawful purposes. Furthermore, knowledge of the law or the intent to violate the law is not required. Violations of the Anti-kickback Statute may be punished by criminal fines per violation, imprisonment, substantial civil monetary penalties per violation that are subject to annual adjustment based on updates to the consumer price index and damages of up to three times the total amount of the remuneration and/or exclusion from participation in federal health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, submission of a claim for services or items generated in violation of the Anti-kickback Statute may be subject to additional penalties under the federal False Claims Act ( FCA ) as a false or fraudulent claim. The HHS Office of Inspector General (the OIG ), among other regulatory agencies, is responsible for identifying and eliminating fraud, abuse and waste. The OIG carries out this mission through a nationwide program of audits, investigations and inspections. The OIG provides guidance to the industry through various methods, including advisory opinions and Special Fraud Alerts. These Special Fraud Alerts do not have the force of law, but identify features of arrangements or transactions that the government believes may cause the arrangements or transactions to violate the Anti-kickback Statute or other federal health care laws. The OIG has identified several incentive arrangements that constitute suspect practices, including: (a) payment of any incentive by a hospital each time a physician refers a patient to the hospital, (b) the use of free or significantly discounted office space or equipment in facilities usually located close to the hospital, (c) provision of free or significantly discounted billing, nursing or other staff services, (d) free training for a physician s office staff in areas such as management techniques and laboratory techniques, (e) guarantees which provide, if the physician s income fails to reach a predetermined level, the hospital will pay any portion of the remainder, (f) low-interest or interest-free loans, or loans which may be forgiven if a physician refers patients to the hospital, (g) payment of the costs of a physician s travel and expenses for conferences or payments to a physician for speaking engagements, (h) coverage on the hospital s group health insurance plans at an inappropriately low cost to the physician, (i) payment for services (which may include consultations at the hospital) which require few, if any, substantive duties by the physician, (j) purchasing goods or services from physicians at prices in excess of their fair market value, (k) rental of space in physician offices, at other 21 than fair market value terms, by persons or entities to which physicians refer, and (l) physician-owned entities (frequently referred to as physician-owned distributorships or PODs) that derive revenue from selling, or arranging for the sale of, implantable medical devices ordered by their physician-owners for use on procedures that physician-owners perform on their own patients at hospitals or ASCs. The OIG has encouraged persons having information about hospitals who offer the above types of incentives to physicians to report such information to the OIG. The OIG also issues Special Advisory Bulletins as a means of providing guidance to health care providers. These bulletins, along with the Special Fraud Alerts, have focused on certain arrangements that could be subject to heightened scrutiny by government enforcement authorities, including: (a) contractual joint venture arrangements and other joint venture arrangements between those in a position to refer business, such as physicians, and those providing items or services for which Medicare or Medicaid pays, and (b) certain gainsharing arrangements, i.e., the practice of giving physicians a share of any reduction in a hospital s costs for patient care attributable in part to the physician s efforts. In addition to issuing Special Fraud Alerts and Special Advisory Bulletins, the OIG issues compliance program guidance for certain types of health care providers. The OIG guidance identifies a number of risk areas under federal fraud and abuse statutes and regulations. These areas of risk include compensation arrangements with physicians, recruitment arrangements with physicians and joint venture relationships with physicians. As authorized by Congress, the OIG has published safe harbor regulations that outline categories of activities deemed protected from prosecution under the Anti-kickback Statute. Currently, there are statutory exceptions and safe harbors for various activities, including the following: certain investment interests, space rental, equipment rental, practitioner recruitment, personnel services and management contracts, sale of practice, referral services, warranties, discounts, employees, group purchasing organizations, waiver of beneficiary coinsurance and deductible amounts, managed care arrangements, obstetrical malpractice insurance subsidies, investments in group practices, freestanding surgery centers, ambulance replenishing, referral agreements for specialty services, care coordination arrangements, arrangements for patient engagement and support, CMS-sponsored model arrangements, cybersecurity technology and related services, and value-based arrangements. The fact that conduct or a business arrangement does not fall within a safe harbor or is identified in a Special Fraud Alert, Special Advisory Bulletin or other guidance does not necessarily render the conduct or business arrangement illegal under the Anti-kickback Statute. However, such conduct and business arrangements may lead to increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities. We have a variety of financial relationships with physicians and others who either refer or influence the referral of patients to our hospitals, other health care facilities and employed physicians, including employment contracts, leases, medical director agreements and professional service agreements. We also have similar relationships with physicians and facilities to which patients are referred from our facilities and other providers. In addition, we provide financial incentives, including minimum revenue guarantees, to recruit physicians into the communities served by our hospitals. While we endeavor to comply with the applicable safe harbors, certain of our current arrangements, including joint ventures and financial relationships with physicians and other referral sources and persons and entities to which we refer patients, do not qualify for safe harbor protection. Although we believe our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources and referral recipients have been structured to comply with current law and available interpretations, there can be no assurance regulatory authorities enforcing these laws will determine these financial arrangements comply with the Anti-kickback Statute or other applicable laws. An adverse determination could subject us to liabilities under the Social Security Act and other laws, including criminal penalties, civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or other federal health care programs. Stark Law The Social Security Act also includes a provision commonly known as the Stark Law. The Stark Law prohibits physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to entities with which they or any of their immediate family members have a financial relationship, if these entities provide certain designated health services reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid unless an exception applies. The Stark Law also prohibits entities that provide designated health services reimbursable by Medicare and Medicaid from billing the Medicare and Medicaid programs for any items or services that result from a prohibited referral and requires the entities to refund amounts received for items or services provided pursuant to the prohibited re