=== SOLV_2026-03-27.htm.gz ===
solv-20260327 0001964738 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0001964738 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001964738 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001964738 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 SOLVENTUM CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fees paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Notice of annual meeting of shareholders Meeting information Time and date: May 15, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time How to attend: Virtual via live webcast at: www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/SOLV2026 Record date: March 19, 2026 Mailing date: We expect that the proxy materials or a notice of internet availability will be mailed and made available to shareholders beginning on or about March 27, 2026. Items of business Proposal 1 Election of Class II Directors FOR each director Page 12 Proposal 2 Say on Pay Vote FOR this proposal Page 42 Proposal 3 Ratification of PwC as Auditor FOR this proposal Page 74 We are providing these proxy materials to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Solventum Corporation (the Board ) for the 2026 Annual Meeting of shareholders and for any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. In this proxy statement, we may also refer to Solventum Corporation as Solventum, the Company, we, our or us. By Order of the Board of Directors, Marcela Kirberger Chief Corporate Legal Affairs Officer, Corporate Secretary March 27, 2026 Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting to be held on May 15, 2026: This proxy statement and Solventum s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025 are available at http://www.proxyvote.com . Voting information Online: at: www.proxyvote.com At virtual meeting on May 15, 2026: at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SOLV2026 By phone: Call: 1-800-690-6903 By mail: Sign and return Proxy Card (if you received a paper copy of the proxy materials) 2026 Proxy statement 1 Letter from our Board chair Dear fellow shareholders: On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, I am pleased to invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of shareholders, which will be held on Friday, May 15 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time (ET) at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SOLV2026 via audio webcast. Your vote at the Annual Meeting is important, and I encourage you to vote in support of our Board of Directors recommendations, as described in the accompanying proxy statement. Over the past year, the Board has been highly engaged in overseeing execution of the company s strategy to drive long-term value creation, while upholding the highest standards of corporate governance. During this time, our management team made tremendous progress, including completing the divestiture of the Purification and Filtration business and completing our first acquisition Acera Surgical. We also announced our first share repurchase program to return capital directly to shareholders. These actions reflect our commitment to disciplined, but bold strategic action to position Solventum for sustained growth. Our Board is comprised of independent, deeply experienced directors who work collaboratively in service to our shareholders. Together with management, we remain focused on executing our strategy through strategic portfolio optimization, balanced capital allocation and targeted commercial enhancements, all to deliver on the ambitious long-range plan unveiled in March 2025. In 2025, we engaged directly with many of our shareholders, incorporating your perspectives into our deliberations and decision-making. We value the insights and views of our investors as we guide the strategy, oversee risk and continue to evolve our performance-based executive compensation program. We also remain focused on building a strong, mission-driven culture and attracting top talent to support our continued progress. Enclosed is our 2026 proxy statement, which contains important information about the matters to be voted on at the 2026 Annual Meeting. We ask that you vote for our proposals to elect four highly qualified directors, confirm our strong pay-for-performance executive compensation program, and ratify PwC as our independent auditor. Your vote is critical in shaping Solventum s future, and we encourage you to participate, whether by attending the meeting virtually or by voting via proxy. We thank you for your investment in Solventum and for the trust you place in the Board as stewards of your capital. We look forward to building on our momentum and continuing our success together. Sincerely, Carrie S. Cox Chair of the Board We value the insights and views of our investors as we guide the strategy, oversee risk and continue to evolve our performance-based executive compensation program. 2 Message from our chief executive officer Dear fellow shareholder: I m energized by the significant progress we made in our first full year as a standalone public company. The pace of our execution has been purposeful and intense, fueling optimism for 2026 and beyond. We are deeply grateful for your investment, trust and support as we build on our solid foundation to deliver long-term sustainable growth and success. Delivering on our strategic, operational and financial commitments Last year, we launched our long-range plan (LRP) and prioritized five growth drivers. We built a top-tier team with transformation experience, solidified our mission and culture, revamped our innovation process and advanced our portfolio optimization strategy. We are moving toward our long-range sales targets faster than anticipated and are progressing well against our LRP margin targets, increasing our confidence for the future. Alongside the commercial enhancements we ve made and our commitment to sustainable margin expansion, we are making good progress navigating ongoing separation activities. We have also moved towards a more balanced capital allocation strategy with the flexibility to make strategic choices to support growth acceleration. Our achievements are powered by the dedication of our global Solventum team. We have attracted leading talent, accelerating our transformation into a MedTech leader. My confidence in our future is stronger than ever, and the team is ready to continue the momentum. We remain committed to delivering on our promises, upholding the highest standards of corporate governance, and driving long-term value for all stakeholders. Thank you for your ongoing support. We are well positioned to deliver a strong and prosperous future. Sincerely, Bryan Hanson Chief Executive Officer We are moving toward our long-range sales targets faster than anticipated and are progressing well against our LRP margin targets, increasing our confidence for the future. 2026 Proxy statement 3 Table of contents L etter from o ur B oard c hair 2 M essage from our chief executive officer 3 Solventum at a glance 5 Proxy s tatement s ummary 8 Proposal 1: Election of Class I I Directors 12 Majority vote standard for election of directors 12 D irectors skills, backgrounds and expertise 13 202 6 D irector nominees 14 C ontinuing directors 18 B oard composition and leadership structure 26 B oard committees 27 K ey a reas of B oard o versight 29 202 5 D irector compensation 31 S ustainability and social impact 33 Our sustainability governance structure 33 C orporate governance 34 P olicies on corporate governance 34 C lassified board and phase out 35 D irector independence 35 L imit on other directorships 35 D irector tenure and term limits 36 202 5 S hareholder outreach program 36 B oard self-evaluation process 37 B oard meetings, attendance and executive sessions 37 B oard s role in executive succession planning and development 38 D irector education 38 C ommunications with directors 38 N ominations for directors 39 C ertain relationships and related person transactions 39 Agreements with 3M 40 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 42 C ompensation discussion and analysis 43 2025 N amed executive officers 43 A pay structure that aligns with our compensation philosophy 43 202 5 P erformance summary 45 202 5 P ay elements 47 Peer group benchmarking 53 Compensation governance and policies 54 Separation from 3M 55 T rading policy and prohibition on pledging and hedging 55 C ompensation tables 58 S ummary compensation table 58 2025 All other compensation 59 G rants of plan-based awards 60 O utstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 202 5 61 O ption exercises and stock vested during 202 5 62 N on-qualified deferred compensation 63 P otential payments upon termination or c hange in c ontrol ( CIC ) 64 E stimate of potential payments upon termination 65 CEO pay ratio 68 P ay versus performance table 69 Five most important measures for linking NEO pay to company performance 71 P ay versus performance relationship disclosures 71 E quity compensation plan information 73 Proposal 3 : Ratification of PwC as Auditor 74 R eview and engagement 75 A udit committee pre-approval of services of independent registered public accounting firm 76 A udit committee report 76 S ecurity ownership of certain beneficial owners 77 Q uestions answers about the annual meeting 79 O ther matters 85 F orward looking statements 86 Non-GAAP financial measures 88 4 Solventum at a glance At Solventum, we enable better, smarter, safer healthcare to improve lives. Across our businesses Medical Surgical (MedSurg), Dental Solutions and Health Information Systems (HIS) we have strong positions in diverse and growing markets, trusted and recognized brands, and global commercial scale and reach. 70+ year history of innovation 20,000+ employees 6,700+ patents issued 100,000+ customers and channel partners globally in 90+ countries Business segments at a glance Total company sales 1 2025 highlights MedSurg Provides advanced wound care, infection prevention and surgical solutions intended to accelerate healing, prevent complications and lower the total cost of care globally 58% Specialized commercial organization delivering results Negative pressure wound therapy growth Strong brand equity and momentum from recent product launches in infection prevention surgical solutions Dental Solutions Offers the most comprehensive dental solutions for patients to enjoy healthy, beautiful smiles through game-changing innovation 16% Strong existing brands Recent product launches and sales channel specialization Service level and backorder improvements Health Information Systems Delivers innovative software solutions and services, designed to eliminate revenue cycle waste, create more time for patient care and support the shift to value-based care 16% Strong growth in revenue cycle management Continued adoption and international expansion of 360 Encompass TM Progress in autonomous coding with customers and partners Purification Filtration (P F) Filters and membranes for use in the manufacturing of biopharmaceutical and medical technologies, microelectronics and food and beverage products Announced the sale of the Purification Filtration business to Thermo Fisher Scientific on Feb. 25, 2025 Amended the transaction for Solventum to retain the drinking water filtration business on June 25, 2025 Closed sale transaction with Thermo Fisher Scientific on Sept. 1, 2025 (1) Calculated as % of FY2025 net sales 2026 Proxy statement 5 Solventum at a glance Financial highlights Sales $8.3B Diluted GAAP EPS $8.88 Seven consecutive quarters of positive sales volume growth +0.9% reported sales growth +3.3% organic sales growth Operating cash flow $369M Diluted adjusted EPS* $6.11 * See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. Segment highlights 2025 Sales Growth Business segment Reported sales growth Organic sales growth MedSurg +3.9% +3.5% Dental Solutions +4.2% +3.3% Health Information Systems +4.1% +4.0% Our strategy Solventum unveiled its Long-Range Plan (LRP), focused on accelerating its growth strategy and strengthening its position in a rapidly changing healthcare environment. Three-phased transformation plan The Company has been executing a three-phased transformation plan, and the LRP reflects the foundational improvements implemented over the last year. Capture hearts and minds and stabilize the business: Actions taken to drive mission and culture, refresh talent and harmonize the executive team, and enhance execution with metrics to the business. Enhance strategic focus: Solventum is executing a clear plan to drive revenue growth, margin expansion, and cash flow improvement with a focus on high-potential markets. Over the past year, the Company has aligned its key growth drivers across its business segments. Portfolio optimization: Solventum made important strides on its portfolio optimization plan with the completed sale of P F in September 2025, the net proceeds of which Solventum used primarily to pay down debt. With the enhanced financial flexibility afforded from the divestiture, Solventum completed its first tuck-in acquisition of Acera Surgical in December 2025 and expanded its capital allocation strategy with the Company s first $1 billion share repurchase program.The Company will continue to evaluate market opportunities and invest in R D and CapEx to support innovation and top-line growth. 6 Solventum at a glance Global commercial scale and reach supported by strong manufacturing expertise Three business segments Operating segments Top products globally Medical Surgical (MedSurg) is a provider of a broad range of innovative, advanced wound care and surgical solutions that are intended to accelerate healing, prevent complications and lower the total cost of care globally. Dental Solutions is a provider of a comprehensive suite of dental and orthodontic products that span the life of the tooth, which are intended to address clinical needs in prevention, restoration, replacement, and malocclusion correction. Health Information Systems is a provider of software solutions and services that are designed to create more time for clinicians to care for patients, improve accuracy in healthcare reimbursement, and support the shift to value-based care. 2026 Proxy statement 7 Proxy statement summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider. Please read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Proposal 1 Election of Class II Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. page 12 Governance highlights Board practices Independent Board Chair and Board Committees Independent directors meet regularly without management present Annual Board and committee self-assessment Regular review of the company s risk profile (including cybersecurity, IT, artificial intelligence, geopolitical, human capital management and sustainability) Other board service limited to four public companies (limit of two for public company CEOs) Non-employee director retirement at age of 75 Shareholder accountability Majority vote standard for uncontested director elections Annual director elections beginning in 2028 Annual say-on-pay vote Active shareholder outreach and engagement Other governance practices Stock ownership guidelines for Section 16 officers and directors Anti-pledging, anti-hedging, and anti-short selling policies Director skills 10/12 10/12 9/12 11/12 12/12 Healthcare Industry Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Experience International Global Operations Strategy M A 9/12 7/12 6/12 10/12 9/12 Science, Technology, Research Innovation Quality, Regulatory Compliance Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Risk Management Human Capital Management 8 Proxy statement summary Board at a glance Class II Directors with terms expiring at the 2026 annual meeting Carlos Alb n Former Vice Chairman, Chief Commercial Officer, Abbvie Inc. Age: 63 Committees: GC, TC Shirley Edwards Former Global Client Service Partner, Ernst Young Global Limited Age: 65 Committees: AC*, TC Susan D. DeVore Former Chief Executive Officer, Premier Inc. Age: 67 Committees: GC(C) Dr. Bernard A. Harris Jr. Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner, Versalius Ventures, Inc. Age: 69 Committees: GC, STQC Class III Directors with terms expiring at the 2027 annual meeting Carrie S. Cox Chair of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, Humacyte, Inc. Age: 68 Committees: TC, STQC Karen J. May Former EVP and CHRO, Mondelez International, Inc. Age: 68 Committees: TC (C) Bryan Hanson Chief Executive Officer Age: 59 Committees: None Darryl L. Wilson Former Vice President, Commercial, GE Power, General Electric Company Age: 62 Committees: AC, TC Class I Directors with terms expiring at the 2028 annual meeting Glenn A. Eisenberg Former EVP and CFO, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Age: 64 Committees: AC (C*) John H. Weiland Former President and COO, C.R. Bard, Inc. Age: 70 Committees: STQC (C) Elizabeth A. Mily CEO, The T1D Fund; Former EVP, Strategy Business Development, Bristol-Myers Squibb Inc. Age: 58 Committees: AC, STQC Amy A. Wendell Former SVP, Strategy and Business Development and Licensing, Covidien Inc. Age: 65 Committees: GC, STQC C Chair Independent * Audit Committee Financial Expert AC Audit Committee GC Governance Committee TC Talent Committee STQC Science, Technology and Quality Committee 2026 Proxy statement 9 Proxy statement summary Proposal 2 Approval of Our Named Executive Officers Compensation in an Advisory Vote The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. page 42 Primary components of 2025 target compensation Our executive compensation program is performance-based and aligns the interests of management with the long-term interests of shareholders. CEO target pay mix 92% At-Risk Average of other named executive officers (NEOs) target pay mix 81% At-Risk Base Salary Annual Incentive Pay Performance Share Awards Restricted Stock Units Numbers in charts are rounded to the nearest whole number Compensation details Base Salary Compensate executives for their normal day-to- day responsibilities Annual Incentive Pay Motivate executives to stay focused on day-to-day operations by aligning a significant portion of total cash compensation with the near-term financial performance of Solventum and its business units Performance Share Awards Motivate executives to focus on continuously improving performance in key financial metrics believed to drive long- term shareholder value Retain executive talent Restricted Stock Units Motivate executives to build long-term shareholder value Retain executive talent 10 Proxy statement summary Proposal 3 Ratification of PwC as Auditor The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. page 74 2026 Proxy statement 11 Proposal 1 Election of Class II Directors Four Class II directors will stand for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting These Class II directors will be elected for a term of office to expire at the 2028 annual meeting of shareholders The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. page 12 Based on the recommendation of the Governance Committee, the Board has nominated the four Class II directors named under 2026 Director nominees below to hold office until the 2028 annual meeting of shareholders. Each nominee has consented to be named in the proxy statement and to serve if elected. If, however, a nominee is unavailable for election, your proxy authorizes the persons named on the proxy card to vote for a replacement nominee if the Board names one. As an alternative, the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. Unless otherwise instructed, the persons named as proxies will vote all proxies received for the election of each of the nominees. Voting standard Nominees for Class II director must receive a majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy on the election of directors in order to be elected as a director. This means that the number of shares voted for a director s election exceeds 50% of the number of votes cast with respect to that director s election. Majority vote standard for election of directors Under our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), directors are to be elected by a majority of the votes cast at any meeting for the election of directors, provided that there is a quorum present at such meeting. A majority of votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director s election exceeds 50% of the number of votes cast with respect to that director s election. In the event of a contested election of directors, directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. A contested election means any election of directors in which the number of candidates for election as directors exceeds the number of directors to be elected. If a nominee for director who is an incumbent director is not elected and no successor has been elected at such meeting, the director shall promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Governance Committee shall make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board shall act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind the decision within ninety days from the date of the certification of the election results. The director who tenders his or her resignation shall not participate in the recommendation of the Governance Committee or the decision of the Board with respect to his or her resignation. If the incumbent director s resignation is not accepted by the Board, the director shall continue to serve until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected. If the incumbent director s resignation is accepted by the Board, or if a nominee for director is not elected and the nominee is not an incumbent director, then the Board, in its sole discretion, may fill any resulting vacancy or decrease the size of the Board pursuant to the Bylaws. 12 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Directors skills, backgrounds and expertise The matrix included below represents some of the key skills, backgrounds and expertise that the Board has identified as particularly valuable to the oversight of the Company and illustrates how our current directors individually and collectively represent these key competencies and backgrounds. While all of these qualifications were considered by the Board and the Governance Committee in connection with this year s director nomination process, the matrix does not encompass all of the skills, backgrounds and expertise of the director nominees, and the absence of a particular skill, background or expertise for a nominee does not mean that a nominee does not possess elements of that skill, background or expertise. The Board firmly believes that its highly qualified director nominees provide the Board with strong, complementary areas of expertise and skills that are directly correlated to aid the development of our strategic priorities and help guide our early days as a public company. Skill/Expertise Healthcare Industry Knowledge of or experience in an industry involving healthcare and medical products and services Executive Leadership Experience in a significant leadership position, such as CEO, CFO, COO or other leadership position Financial Acumen Experience Experience in financial accounting and reporting and corporate finance* International Global Operations International market knowledge and business expertise in executive roles in international businesses and experience with the global relationship and activities required to manufacture goods and maximize overall supply chain efficiency, including the sourcing of raw materials and vendor management Strategy M A Experience leading corporate development and implementing mergers and acquisitions and other strategic transactions Science, Technology, Research Innovation Experience with the innovation, design and development of new products and services or as a senior executive of a large complex technology company Quality, Regulatory Compliance Experience in product quality control and safety systems, regulatory compliance and approvals of new products Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Experience with go-to-market strategies and marketing of an organization s products and services and brand management Risk Management Experience in oversight of the systems and processes in place to identify, analyze, manage and respond to risk; legal, policy and governance expertise Human Capital Management Experience attracting, motivating and retaining top candidates, evaluating performance and compensation of senior management and overseeing strategic human capital planning * Does not necessarily reflect a determination that director is an audit committee financial expert. Background Female Male Racial/Ethnic Diversity 2026 Proxy statement 13 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors 2026 Director nominees Professional experience AbbVie, Inc. Vice Chairman, Chief Commercial Officer (2018 2021) Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations (2013 2018) Abbott Laboratories, Inc. Senior Vice President, Proprietary Pharmaceutical Products, Global Commercial Operations (2011 2012) Senior Vice President, International Pharmaceuticals (2009 2011) Vice President, Pharmaceuticals, Western Europe and Canada Operations (2007 2009) Vice President, Pharmaceuticals, European Operations (2006 2007) Regional Director, Pharmaceuticals, Northern Europe (2004 2006) General Manager, Portugal (2002 2004) Other management and leadership roles (1986 to 2002) Carlos Alb n 63 Director since 2024 Board committees Governance; Talent Prior public company directorships SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (2022 - 2025) Skills and experience supporting nomination Mr. Alb n provides the Board with important insights into operational matters in a regulated industry as well as proven leadership in bringing products to the healthcare market. Mr. Alb n holds a degree in Economics from Pontificia Universidad Javeriana in Bogot , Colombia. Healthcare Industry Over 30 years of experience in pharmaceutical company roles overseeing commercial operations, growth, and development Executive Leadership Pharmaceutical executive experience including as Chief Commercial Officer during a period of significant expansion International Global Operations Extensive experience in roles at global healthcare companies responsible for multiple worldwide regions Strategy M A Deep experience in guiding companies undergoing significant transitions, including recently spun-off companies, as well as in M A transactions Science, Technology, Research Innovation Significant experience as Chief Commercial Officer and head of pharmaceutical units at pharmaceutical development companies Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Success guiding strong business growth and sales of leading pharmaceutical products 14 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience Premier Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2013 2021) President (2013 2019) Served in a consulting capacity for Premier (2021 2023) Premier Healthcare Solutions President and CEO (2009 2013) Chief Operating Officer for a number of affiliated Premier entities (2003 2009) Skills and experience supporting nomination Susan D. DeVore 67 Director since 2024 Board committees Governance (Chair) Current public company directorships Elevance Health, Inc. (2021 - Present) Unum Group (2018 - Present) Prior public company directorships Premier, Inc. (2013 - 2021) Other directorships and memberships Advent Health System (director) (2021 - 2025) Ms. DeVore has over 40 years of experience in finance, strategy, and healthcare consulting, culminating in executive leadership roles at a major healthcare company. Her experience includes both executive and director oversight of major acquisitions, technology implementation, sustained growth, and balanced capital deployment. She provides the Board with valuable healthcare, operations, technology, and regulatory oversight knowledge. Healthcare Industry Over 40 years of experience in strategic, advisory, financial and leadership roles for healthcare provider and payer companies Executive Leadership Extensive executive experience including as CEO of a healthcare improvement company during a period of significant organic and inorganic business growth Financial Acumen Experience Significant experience as a seasoned executive during periods of significant organic and inorganic business and revenue growth Strategy M A Experience in significant acquisitions and integrations through operating and board roles Science, Technology, Research Innovation Valuable experience leading growth through investment in technology and digital capabilities Quality, Regulatory Compliance Executive responsibility for a large company operations in a regulated industry Risk Management Substantial experience as board member of multiple companies, including as CEO with oversight of risk 2026 Proxy statement 15 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience Ernst Young Global Limited Global Client Service Partner (2017 2022) Partner (2002 2022) Skills and experience supporting nomination Ms. Edwards brings deep financial and public company accounting experience to the Board. During her time at Ernst Young, she oversaw its multibillion dollar assurance practice across multiple countries and thousands of professionals. She invested in productivity and efficiency workstreams to drive growth. Ms. Edwards holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. Our Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Edwards is an audit committee financial expert for purposes of the rules of the SEC. Shirley Edwards 65 Director since 2024 Board committees Audit; Talent Current public company directorships Appian Corp. (2023 - Present) Baker Hughes Company (2024 - Present) Other directorships and memberships Cumming Group (2023 - Present Pamplin College of Business Advisory Council at Virginia Tech (2002 - 2022) Virginia Tech Foundation Board of Directors (2025 - Present) Executive Leadership Significant experience as Chief Operating Officer for a multi-billion dollar division of a leading multinational accounting firm Financial Acumen Experience Over four decades of financial accounting and assurance experience International Global Operations Senior role at global business with oversight over 20 countries and 20,000 people and service on the boards at global companies Strategy M A Extensive experience in guiding companies, including in governance, finance, portfolio management and M A transactions Led client service delivery and people strategy, transforming audit practice through investment in technology, analytics, robotics, and process automation; Key partner to companies in transformative M A Risk Management Deep knowledge of risk management, particularly financial and regulatory risk Human Capital Management Senior executive leadership experience 16 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience Versalius Ventures, Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner (2002 - Present) NASA Former astronaut, mission specialist and payload commander. Logged more than 438 hours and first African American to walk in space. Skills and experience supporting nomination Dr. Harris provides our Board with deep science, technology, and medical background and leadership experience in helping companies to leverage their resources in support of business operations and investment. His experience as an astronaut provides the Board with unique skills and perspective from both a management and scientific perspective. Dr. Harris earned a Bachelor of Science in Biology from the University of Houston, a Master of Medical Science from the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, a Master of Business Administration from the University of Houston Clear Lake, and a Doctor of Medicine from Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine. He completed a residency in internal medicine at the Mayo Clinic, a National Research Council Fellowship in endocrinology at the NASA Ames Research Center, and trained as a flight surgeon at the United States Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine. Dr. Harris is a Fellow of the American College of Physicians. Dr. Bernard A. Harris Jr. 69 Director since 2024 Board committees Governance; Science, Technology and Quality Current public company directorships RTX Corporation (2021 - Present) U.S. Physical Therapy (2005 - Present) Other directorships and memberships Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (director) (2022 - Present) Astronaut Scholarship Foundation (director) Harris Foundation (board member) Texas Medical Center (board member) Healthcare Industry Extensive and unique medical and healthcare experience in various research and clinical roles; Experience on board of a healthcare services company International Global Operations Service on the boards of global companies and international space missions Strategy M A Oversight experience in guiding companies undergoing significant transitions, including streamlining operations, creation of organic company segments, and M A; Engaged in portfolio management for early to mid-stage healthcare and technology companies Science, Technology, Research Innovation Substantial experience as a research, clinical, and astronautical medical physician Quality, Regulatory Compliance Considerable experience in government and highly-regulated public companies Risk Management Roles addressing extensive and high risk conditions as well as oversight of companies involved in high-risk sectors 2026 Proxy statement 17 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Continuing directors Below are the biographies of our other current directors. Class III directors Professional experience Organon Co. Executive Chairman (2025 present) Humacyte, Inc. Chair of the Board (2013 2019) Board Member (2013 2021) Chief Executive Officer (2010 2018) Schering-Plough Corporation Executive Vice President and President of global pharmaceutical business (2003 2009) Pharmacia Corporation President of global pharmaceutical business (1997 2003) Carrie S. Cox 68 Director since 2024 Chair of the board Board committees Talent; Science, Technology and Quality Current public company directorships Organon Co. (2021 - Present) Texas Instruments Inc. (2010 - Present) Prior public company directorships Cardinal Health Inc. (2009 -2023) Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. (2019 - 2025) Skills and experience supporting nomination Ms. Cox brings substantial experience in guiding companies undergoing significant transitions, including recently spun-off companies, as well as in merger and divestiture transactions. With strong experience as a pharmaceutical company executive, she is an experienced leader at both the management and director levels. Healthcare Industry 30 years of experience in leadership roles and member of multiple boards at healthcare companies Executive Leadership Pharmaceutical and biotech executive experience including as CEO of a regenerative medicine company Financial Acumen Experience Significant experience as a seasoned executive and audit committee member International Global Operations Service on the boards and senior executive roles at global healthcare companies Strategy M A Deep experience in guiding companies undergoing significant transitions, including recently spun-off companies, as well as in M A transactions Science, Technology, Research Innovation Deep experience at head of drug and biotech development companies; Responsible for significant capital and R D investments Quality, Regulatory Compliance Management responsibility of a large multinational company operating in a regulated industry Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Roles including oversight of sales plans, marketing and brand for large global companies Risk Management Significant experience as chair of board at multiple public and private companies with oversight over risk Human Capital Management Notable compensation committee expertise 18 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience Solventum Corporation Chief Executive Officer (2024 present) 3M Health Care Business Group Chief Executive Officer (2023 2024) Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer (2017 2023) Medtronic plc Executive Vice President (2015 2017) Covidien plc Senior Vice President and Group President (2011 2015) President, Energy-based Devices business (2006 2011) Bryan Hanson 59 Director since 2024 Prior public company directorships Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (2022 - 2025) Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (2017 - 2023) Skills and experience supporting nomination Mr. Hanson has over 30 years experience in successfully leading, growing, and transforming global medical device businesses at major healthcare companies. He strives for greater innovation and commercial success, driving value for customers, patients, and shareholders. As our CEO, Mr. Hanson brings important operational and management perspective to the Board, including extensive executive experience in the healthcare field and with respect to the effort required to launch a spinoff as a standalone company. Healthcare Industry Over 30 years of experience in leadership roles at medical device companies Executive Leadership Healthcare executive experience, including as CEO of a global medical technology company; Completion of executive leadership programs at Kellogg School of Management and Harvard Business School Financial Acumen Experience Significant experience in financial management as a seasoned executive during periods of growth and portfolio optimization International Global Operations Service in multiple senior executive roles at global healthcare companies Strategy M A Extensive experience in guiding companies through significant transitions, as well as in strategic planning and mergers and acquisitions Science, Technology, Research Innovation Deep experience as head of medical device businesses Risk Management Substantial experience as chief executive and board member at multiple companies with oversight over risk Human Capital Management Senior executive leadership expertise 2026 Proxy statement 19 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience Mondelez International, Inc. (formerly Kraft Foods, Inc.) Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (2005 2018) Baxter International Inc. Corporate Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (2001 2005) Vice President, Human Resources (1998 2001) Vice President, various roles (1990 1998) PricewaterhouseCoopers Certified Public Accountant (1980 1990) Karen J. May 68 Director since 2024 Board committees Talent (Chair) Current public company directorships Alcon, Inc. (2019 - Present) Other directorships and memberships Ace Hardware Corporation (director) (2017 - Present) Skills and experience supporting nomination Ms. May brings significant human capital expertise in executive and oversight roles, as well as her expertise in finance and accounting, to the Board. During her previous roles, she oversaw significant restructuring and dispositions leading to meaningful growth at those companies. Ms. May also has extensive experience with spin-offs, mergers and acquisitions, as well as divestiture transactions involving several large international brands and companies. Healthcare Industry Considerable experience as a board member and in senior leadership at pharmaceutical and biotech companies Executive Leadership Substantial experience in multiple senior human resources roles Financial Acumen Experience Extensive exposure to financial reporting and results as a board member, senior executive, and auditor International Global Operations Service in senior executive roles at global healthcare and food companies Strategy M A Substantial experience in guiding companies undergoing significant transitions, including spun-off companies, restructuring, and M A transactions Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Roles including driving revenue stream growth and price management for large global companies Human Capital Management Significant experience in executive human resources roles, including with respect to post-spinoff management, acquisitions, divestitures, and restructuring 20 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience The Wilson Collective President (2018 present) General Electric Company (1992 2018) GE Power Vice President, Commercial (2017 2018) Chief Commercial Officer, various divisions (2014 2017) British Petroleum North America (1985 1991) Skills and experience supporting nomination Darryl L. Wilson 62 Director since 2024 Board committees Audit; Talent Current public company directorships NextEra Energy, Inc. (2018 - Present) Eaton Corporation (2021 - Present) Primerica, Inc. (2024 - Present) Other directorships and memberships Texas Children s Hospital - Finance and Public Policy Committees (chairman) (2023 - Present) The Kinkaid School Board of Trustees - Finance and Endowment Committees (chairman) (2021 - Present) Good Reason Houston (director) (2021 - Present) The Greater Cleveland Urban League (2024 - Present) Mr. Wilson brings a global perspective on business operations, commercial management, manufacturing and mergers and acquisitions to the Board. During his time in both senior leadership and board roles, he oversaw significant integration, cost savings, and business growth initiatives. Mr. Wilson also oversaw major restructurings. Mr. Wilson has an MBA in Marketing from Indiana University and a BA in Business Administration from Baldwin Wallace College. Executive Leadership Significant experience as Chief Commercial Officer of multiple major divisions of a large multinational industrial company Financial Acumen Experience Strong oversight expertise and experience in finance and financial markets from Federal Reserve branch bank chairmanship; Significant executive experience during business growth across segments and regions International Global Operations Extensive experience in senior oversight roles at global conglomerates overseeing divisions in multiple regions; Global integration team focused on cost savings and business alignment Strategy M A Valuable experience in divestitures, mergers and acquisitions, and commercial integration Science, Technology, Research Innovation Two decades of experience overseeing product development and commercialization for multiple divisions of a multinational industrial company Quality, Regulatory Compliance Multiple roles with management responsibility over product quality control and safety systems Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Service in both senior leadership and board roles focused on driving business growth in multiple segments and regions Risk Management Substantial experience as board member at multiple public and private companies with oversight over risk Human Capital Management Oversaw large teams in multiple segments and global operations; Led global integration team restructuring 2026 Proxy statement 21 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Class I directors Professional experience Labcorp Holdings Inc. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2014 2024) The Timken Company Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer (2002 2014) United Dominion Industries (1990 2001) President and Chief Operating Officer (1999 2001) Skills and experience supporting nomination Glenn A. Eisenberg 64 Director since 2024 Board committees Audit (Chair) Current public company directorships Middleby (2026 - Present) MiniMed (2026 - Present) Lumexa Imaging Holdings, Inc. (2025 - Present) Prior public company directorships US Ecology, Inc. (2018 - 2022) Perspecta Inc. (2019 - 2021) Mr. Eisenberg s long history as a public company finance executive provides the Board with significant financial expertise. He also brings strong audit committee expertise and valuable experience in portfolio optimization. Mr. Eisenberg holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Tulane University and a Master of Business Administration from Georgia State University. Our Board has determined that Mr. Eisenberg is an audit committee financial expert for purposes of the rules of the SEC. Healthcare Industry Decade of experience in healthcare services leadership Executive Leadership Over 20 years of experience as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of large public companies Financial Acumen Experience Long history as a public company finance executive with acumen in driving financial performance; Strong audit committee and oversight expertise International Global Operations Senior roles at global manufacturers and healthcare companies, including as Chief Operating Officer Strategy M A Valuable experience in corporate transformations, including acquisitions and spin-offs, and portfolio optimization; Experience streamlining operations through divestitures to focus on core competencies, cost reduction and efficiency Quality, Regulatory Compliance Deep experience overseeing quality and compliance at global manufacturers Risk Management Deep experience of risk management, particularly financial and regulatory risk Human Capital Management Significant experience leading large teams and on public company boards with oversight over human capital management 22 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience The T1D Fund Chief Executive Officer (2025 present) Bristol-Myers Squibb Executive Vice President, Strategy Business Development (2020 2024) Barclays plc Managing Director (2010 2020) Thermo Fisher Scientific Senior Vice President (2009 2010) Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (1993 2009) Managing Director, Senior Coverage Officer - Health Care Elizabeth A. Mily 58 Director since 2024 Board committees Audit; Science, Technology and Quality Other directorships and memberships Ampersand Biomedicines (director) (2024 - Present) Skills and experience supporting nomination Ms. Mily brings extensive experience as an executive in the healthcare industry as well as significant strategy and corporate development skills to the Board. During her previous roles, Ms. Mily oversaw significant revenue growth and cost savings, strategic business development and partnership activities, as well as numerous mergers and acquisitions, including divestitures. Ms. Mily holds a Master of Science in Foreign Service from Georgetown University and a Bachelor of Arts in German Literature and European History from the Ohio State University. She was also a Fulbright Scholar to the Universities of Cologne and Hamburg, Germany. Healthcare Industry Significant experience in multiple leadership roles at healthcare and healthcare advisory companies Executive Leadership Experience in increasingly significant executive leadership and Chief Executive Officer positions Financial Acumen Experience Executive experience involving financial management of healthcare companies and as managing director in healthcare investment banking International Global Operations Service in senior executive roles at global healthcare companies Strategy M A Substantial experience in guiding healthcare companies undergoing significant transitions, including numerous significant M A transactions, partnerships, and major investments and managed alliances Science, Technology, Research Innovation Management experience in selection, development and regulatory clearance for innovation and new product decisions Risk Management Risk oversight experience particularly in portfolio and transaction management Human Capital Management Experience with leadership of large teams, particularly in performance, advancement, and compensation management 2026 Proxy statement 23 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience C. R. Bard, Inc. President and Chief Operating Officer (2003 2017) Group President (1996 2003) Dentsply International, Inc. (1991 1996) Senior Vice President - North America Skills and experience supporting nomination Mr. Weiland provides the Board with extensive international and healthcare business experience as well as expertise regarding regulatory compliance and manufacturing operations. During his tenure at C.R. Bard, he oversaw optimization of workflows and cost reduction, generating significant business growth and revenue generation. John H. Weiland 70 Director since 2024 Board committees Science, Technology and Quality (Chair) Prior public company directorships Cardinal Health (2019 - 2022) Healthcare Industry Over 40 years of experience in leadership roles and member of multiple boards at healthcare companies Executive Leadership Significant healthcare executive experience including as Chief Operating Officer of a medical technology company; Focus on improvement in operational efficiencies across manufacturing and supply chain; Oversight of divestitures and acquisitions to streamline product portfolio in support of margin expansion International Global Operations Service on public boards and in senior executive roles at global medical technology companies; Responsibility in senior role for worldwide manufacturing at medical device company Strategy M A Extensive experience in guiding companies undergoing significant transitions, including significant M A transactions Science, Technology, Research Innovation Substantial experience at senior executive level of medical technology company Quality, Regulatory Compliance Extensive regulatory and medical device compliance experience Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Oversaw significant business growth and revenue generation during executive tenure and as Chief Operating Officer Risk Management Served on risk committees at public companies responsible for managing corporate and medical device risks Human Capital Management Significant experience overseeing operations and on public company boards with oversight over human capital management 24 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Professional experience Perella Weinberg Partners Senior Advisor, Healthcare Investment Banking (2016 2019) McKinsey Company Senior Advisor, Strategy and Corporation Finance (2015 2018) Covidien plc Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development (2006 2015) Skills and experience supporting nomination Amy A. Wendell 65 Director since 2024 Board committees Governance; Science, Technology and Quality Current public company directorships AxoGen, Inc. (2016 - Present) Baxter International, Inc. (2019 - Present) Hologic, Inc. (2016 - Present) Ms. Wendell s extensive business development and strategy experience in the healthcare industry provides valuable insights for the Board. In particular, Ms. Wendell has deep expertise in all areas of mergers and acquisitions, portfolio management, resource allocation, and identification of new market opportunities. Ms. Wendell holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Lawrence Technological University and a Master of Science degree in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Illinois. Healthcare Industry Over 30 years of experience in strategic leadership roles and member of multiple boards at healthcare and medical device companies Financial Acumen Experience Deep knowledge through executive and board experience of financial valuation and portfolio optimization International Global Operations Service on the boards and in senior strategy roles at global healthcare and medical device companies Strategy M A Extensive and thorough experience in guiding companies undergoing significant transitions, including M A, as well as portfolio management and spin-offs Science, Technology, Research Innovation Considerable experience overseeing acquisition and portfolio management of science and research companies Quality, Regulatory Compliance Strategic responsibility for large multinational companies operating in regulated industries; Roles in product development and licensing and distribution Corporate Sales, Marketing Brand Management Oversight in multiple roles of revenue growth and margin enhancement for large global companies Risk Management Significant experience with mergers and acquisitions as well as divestitures for multiple public and private companies with oversight over strategic risk Human Capital Management Leadership of large teams particularly in performance and advancement; Roles on public company boards with oversight over human capital management 2026 Proxy statement 25 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Board composition and leadership structure Leadership structure Chair: Carrie S. Cox Chief Executive Officer: Bryan Hanson Audit Committee Chair: Glenn Eisenberg Talent Committee Chair: Karen May Governance Committee Chair: Susan DeVore Science, Technology and Quality Committee Chair: John Weiland We have an independent Board leadership structure to guide the oversight of the Company. The Board s leadership structure, which includes an independent Chair, allows Ms. Cox, as Chair, to lead agenda setting and oversight of the Company s strategy at the Board level, while Mr. Hanson, in his capacity as CEO, leads the development and execution of the strategy. Committee Chairs were selected based on their significant professional and leadership experience enabling them to lead their respective committee s work. As a newly independent company, in selecting candidates for our Board, our Chair, with the assistance of a leading independent search firm, engaged in a comprehensive recruitment focused on identifying directors across three core areas: Directors who would bring highly relevant industry experience in healthcare, including in medical devices, biotechnology and pharmaceutical businesses; Directors with spin-off and post spin-off and similar transformational business experience a crucially important skill set as we developed our three-phased strategic approach, execute future portfolio optimization plans and transition over the next several years away from the highly complex arrangements with 3M Company ( 3M ) in place today; Directors with critical and valuable experience in governance, human resources and audit and tax functions best practices to lead us as we set up a new standalone global organization and business culture. 26 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Board committees Audit Committee Chair: Other Members: Glenn Eisenberg Shirley Edwards Elizabeth Mily Darryl Wilson Number of Meetings in 2025: 9 The Audit Committee is established in accordance with Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ) and the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ). The Audit Committee has the responsibilities set forth in its charter. These responsibilities include, among others: reviewing Solventum s annual audited and unaudited quarterly financial statements; reviewing Solventum s financial reporting process, including internal controls over financial reporting and any significant issues regarding the application of accounting principles and financial statement presentation, and critical accounting policies; periodically reviewing Solventum s capital allocation and capital structure strategies, insurance coverage, funding for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, global tax planning, and global treasury activities; periodically obtaining reports from Solventum s Chief Compliance Officer on compliance and on the implementation and effective of Solventum s compliance and ethics program; periodically reviewing, and obtaining reports or discussing with senior management, as applicable, information technology networks, including cyber security and artificial intelligence, and systems and related policies and internal controls; and the annual audit plan, scope of work, and the results of internal audits and management s response thereto; establishing procedures for (i) the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by Solventum regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters; and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by Solventum employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters and periodically reviewing with the Chief Compliance Officer and Solventum s internal auditing department these procedures and any significant complaints received; periodically obtaining reports from senior management regarding Solventum s performance of its obligations under spin-off related agreements, and monitoring the implementation and Solventum s progress under such agreements; and appointing, overseeing, and approving compensation of Solventum s registered public accounting firm. Each member of the Audit Committee is expected to be financially literate, and our Board determines that at least one member of the Audit Committee is an audit committee financial expert for purposes of the rules of the SEC. The Board has determined that Glenn Eisenberg and Shirley Edwards are each an audit committee financial expert. In addition, our Board determines that each of the members of the Audit Committee are independent, as defined by the rules of the NYSE, Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act, and in accordance with Solventum s Director Independence Guidelines. 2026 Proxy statement 27 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Governance Committee Chair: Other Members: Susan DeVore Carlos Alb n Dr. Bernard Harris, Jr. Amy Wendell Number of meetings in 2025: 5 The Governance Committee has the responsibilities set forth in its charter. These responsibilities include, among others: selecting and recommending director candidates to our Board, in light of the Board Membership Criteria adopted by our Board, either to be submitted for election at the annual meeting or to fill any vacancies on the Board, including consideration of any shareholder nominees for director (submitted in accordance with Solventum s Bylaws); reviewing and making recommendations to our Board concerning the composition and size of our Board and its committees and the Board Membership Criteria; reviewing Solventum s Corporate Governance Guidelines at least annually, and recommending any proposed changes to our Board for approval; developing and recommending to our Board standards to be applied in making determinations on the types of relationships that constitute material relationships between Solventum and a director for purposes of determining director independence; discussing policies with respect to enterprise risk assessment and enterprise risk management, Solventum s major risk exposures, and the steps the leadership team has taken to monitor and mitigate such exposures; and developing and recommending to our Board for its approval an annual self-assessment process of our Board and its committees and overseeing the process. Our Board has determined that each member of the Governance Committee is independent, as defined by the rules of the NYSE and in accordance with Solventum s Director Independence Guidelines. Science, Technology and Quality Committee Chair: Other Members: John Weiland Carrie Cox Dr. Bernard Harris, Jr. Elizabeth Mily Amy Wendell Number of Meetings in 2025: 4 The Science, Technology and Quality Committee has the responsibilities set forth in its charter. These responsibilities include, among others: monitoring and reviewing the overall strategy, direction and effectiveness of Solventum s research and development and business development activities; reviewing management s strategy and allocation of resources for research and development and business development activities, including product line extensions, new product platforms and licensing and distribution arrangements; overseeing risk management of product quality and safety, quality and regulatory aspects of research and development programs; and overseeing policies, programs, and performance related to medical affairs. 28 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Talent Committee Chair: Other Members: Karen May Carlos Alb n Carrie Cox Shirley Edwards Darryl Wilson Number of meetings in 2025: 7 The Talent Committee has the responsibilities set forth in its charter. These responsibilities include, among others: reviewing and approving executive officer compensation and compensatory arrangements (or, in the case of the CEO, review, approve and recommend CEO compensation and compensatory arrangements to the independent directors of the Board); reviewing and recommending to the Board changes in director compensation; reviewing disclosures in Solventum s proxy statement regarding advisory votes on executive compensation and the frequency of such votes; approving or recommending, as applicable, the adoption, amendment, and termination of incentive compensation, deferred compensation programs and related oversight; approving employment agreements and severance arrangements for the executive officers of Solventum, as appropriate and subject to ratification by the independent directors of the Board for the CEO; approving the adoption and amendment of executive officer stock ownership guidelines and reviewing compliance with these guidelines; annually reviewing a risk assessment of Solventum s compensation policies and practices; periodically reviewing and discussing with management matters relating to human capital management, including the succession planning process for the CEO, executive officers, and other leadership team members; and as needed, retaining compensation consultants, counsel, or other advisors and approving such advisors fees and retention terms. Our Board has determined that each member of the Talent Committee is independent, as defined by the rules of the NYSE and in accordance with Solventum s Director Independence Guidelines. In addition, members of the Talent Committee qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Key areas of Board oversight Strategy The Board oversees management s establishment and execution of corporate strategy. Elements of strategy are discussed at regularly scheduled Board meetings and the Board engages directly with management and the leaders of Solventum s business segments and reviews the businesses operational priorities, competitive environment, market challenges, economic trends, and regulatory developments. The Board has also been actively engaged in overseeing and guiding the development of our three-phase strategic approach, our long term strategic plan, and potential strategic transactions, including portfolio optimization initiatives, all with a view toward alignment with our priorities. 2026 Proxy statement 29 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Risk management Solventum management has primary responsibility for the practices, processes and procedures to proactively and comprehensively manage risk; the Board oversees those practices, processes and procedures. We have prioritized building a culture-focused foundation across the enterprise to drive collaboration, enhance execution and reduce risk. As defined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Board committee charters, the Board retains oversight of specific risks for itself and delegates oversight of other risks to Board committees based on their respective areas of expertise. Consideration of risk is a part of all Board meetings, and throughout the year, the Board and the relevant committees review and discuss specific risk topics in greater detail. Oversight of risk management The Board s, its committees and management s focus on the Company s risks and other matters are shown below. Further detail on how specific oversight responsibility is delegated among the committees can be found under Board Committees. Board oversight Business strategy Sustainability and human resources strategies Company, structure and talent strategy Management s reports on significant risks Digital strategy and technology innovation and adoption (including AI) Merger, acquisition and divestiture execution Operating model transformation Market, policy and geopolitical trends Competition Supply chain CEO succession planning Audit Committee oversight Talent Committee oversight Governance Committee oversight Science, Technology and Quality Committee oversight Financial statements and financial reporting activities Separation related risks Capital structure and financial risk assessment and management Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Sustainability, stewardship and environmental, health and safety compliance and related risks Cyber security, artificial intelligence and data privacy Executive compensation policies and practices, including incentive compensation policies and arrangements Equity compensation programs Executive officer performance Succession planning process, including executive officer succession planning Strategy and outcomes related to human capital management Board structure, including committees, composition, leadership, assessment, and succession planning Corporate governance structure and practices Enterprise risk assessment and management and policies Related party transactions Public policy, social responsibility, environmental and corporate citizenship issues and trends, including political contributions Shareholder matters Product quality and safety Overall strategy, direction and effectiveness of research and development and business development programs Quality and regulatory aspects of research and development programs Compliance with related laws and regulations Management oversight Identify and assess risks affecting the Company Address identified risks and develop and execute mitigation plans Report information regarding risks to the Board and/or committees of the Board Monitor risks on an ongoing basis 30 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors Enterprise risk management Solventum has established an enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program for oversight and management of the ERM framework, enterprise risk assessment, risk appetite, risk culture and emerging risk management. The ERM program was established with direct engagement from Solventum leadership and the Board committee Chairs. Risk owners and sponsors were designated for all enterprise risks, which includes a formal quarterly sign-off to instill accountability in the risk management process. ERM program leaders provide quarterly updates to the Governance Committee as well as an annual update to the full Board on ERM. The Board utilizes ERM as a key mechanism for understanding enterprise-level risks facing Solventum and assessing management practices, processes and procedures for mitigating those risks. Cybersecurity The Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of cybersecurity-related risks. The Audit Committee regularly receives reports from our Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), Chief Information Officer ( CIO ) and other members of management on cybersecurity threat risk management, including security posture improvements, results from third-party assessments, identified risks and progress towards risk-mitigation-related goals. The full Board receives a report from our CISO and other members of management annually. For additional information relating to our cybersecurity practices, processes and procedures, see our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2025 Director compensation Our non-employee directors are compensated for their time, expertise, and governance roles with a mix of cash and equity-based compensation. Annual independent director compensation Additional annual compensation Board chair: $50,000 (cash) and $100,000 (RSUs) Governance Committee chair $15,000 Talent Committee chair $20,000 Audit Committee chair $25,000 Science, Technology and Quality Committee chair $15,000 g Annual Cash Retainer g Annual Equity Retainer * Committee chair additional compensation is payable in cash Each non-employee director receives an annual cash retainer of $120,000 for their service on the Board. Due to their additional responsibilities, our Board chair receives an additional annual cash retainer of $50,000, and the chairs of our committees receive the following additional annual cash retainers: $15,000 for the Governance Committee chair and the Science, Technology and Quality Committee chair; $25,000 for the Audit Committee chair; and $20,000 for the Talent Committee chair. To align their interests with long-term company performance, each of our non-employee directors, other than our Board chair, receives an annual restricted stock unit ( RSU ) grant with a grant date fair value of $225,000. Due to her additional responsibilities, our Board chair receives an annual RSU grant with a grant date fair value of $325,000. The annual RSUs granted to non-employee directors have a one-year vesting schedule. 2026 Proxy statement 31 Proposal 1: Election of Class II Directors The following table sets forth the compensation for non-employee directors in 2025. Mr. Hanson does not receive any additional compensation for serving on the Board. Name Leadership roles held during 2025 Fees earned or paid in cash ($) (1) Stock awards ($) (2) Total ($) Carlos Alb n 120,000 225,006 345,006 Carrie S. Cox Board chair 170,000 325,046 495,046 Susan D. DeVore Governance Committee chair 135,000 225,006 360,006 Shirley A. Edwards 120,000 225,006 345,006 Glenn A. Eisenberg Audit Committee chair 145,000 225,006 370,006 Dr. Bernard A. Harris, Jr. 120,000 225,006 345,006 Karen J. May Talent Committee chair 140,000 225,006 365,006 Elizabeth A. Mily 120,000 225,006 345,006 John H. Weiland Science, Technology and Quality Committee chair 135,000 225,006 360,006 Amy A. Wendell 120,000 225,006 345,006 Darryl L. Wilson 120,000 225,006 345,006 (1) This column represents the amount of all fees earned or paid in cash for services as a director, including the annual cash retainer, Board chair retainer, and the annual committee chair fees. (2) This column represents the grant date fair value of the stock awards granted in 2025, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. As of December 31, 2025, Ms. Cox held 11,252 unvested RSUs and all other non-employee directors each held 5,383 unvested RSUs. 32 Sustainability and social impact Our sustainability and social impact strategy supports the creation of long-term shareholder value. Through our identification of and action on key priorities, we strive to meet the expectations of our investors and other stakeholders, including regulators, customers, the patients we serve, our employees, and the communities where we live and work. We have established organizational and governance structures to oversee and drive environmental and social performance. We will continue to build out our sustainability and social impact programs, policies and processes. Guided by our commitment to transparency, we communicate progress in our annual Sustainability and Social Impact Report. Our sustainability governance structure The below diagram illustrates the different working teams involved in driving environmental and social performance at Solventum. We adopt both top-down and bottom-up approaches and involve the Board and management to align on strategy, goals and targets and to implement our initiatives. The executive sponsor for these initiatives is Solventum s Chief Corporate Legal Affairs Officer and the responsible executive is Solventum s Chief Sustainability Officer. Sustainability governance Attendees Topics Board of directors Governance Committee Audit Committee Sustainability strategy and key initiatives: Sustainability regulation and mandatory reporting | Performance on public-facing goals, targets, and commitments | Risks and opportunities Enterprise leadership team CEO | Direct Reports Approve enterprise level Sustainability strategy; Review and approve public-facing goals and targets; Review risks and opportunities ESG sustainability advisory committee Legal | Finance | Strategy | Supply Chain | HR | R D | Product Stewardship | IT Review and align on Sustainability strategy; Support development and approval of Sustainability priorities, goals and initiatives; Resolve roadblocks Sustainability cross-functional and business working teams 2026 Proxy statement 33 Corporate governance Our governance policies are broadly consistent with recently spun-off companies and reflect best practices. We regularly review our governance structure and consider the input of our investors to make adjustments to our governance in line with our structure and the needs of the Company. A description of certain of our key Board and other policies and practices follows below: Policies on corporate governance We prioritize ethical practices and doing business the right way. Our high standards of corporate conduct were established to promote the welfare of all and uphold public trust in our contributions to the healthcare industry. Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that, in conjunction with our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ( Certificate of Incorporation ), Bylaws, Board committee charters and key Board policies, form the framework for our governance. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines address matters such as the respective roles and responsibilities of our Board and management, Board composition and leadership structure, the responsibilities of the independent Chair or lead independent director (if there is one in place), director independence, the Board Membership Criteria, Board committees, and Board and management evaluations. The Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing and reviewing the Corporate Governance Guidelines at least annually and recommending any proposed changes to the Board for approval. Our Board has also adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board ( Board of Directors Code of Conduct ), which incorporates principles of conduct our Board will follow to ensure its activities are conducted with integrity and adherence to the highest ethical standards and in compliance with the law. The current versions of the following documents are available in the Governance section of our website, www.solventum.com : Corporate Governance Guidelines Board of Directors Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Director Independence Guidelines Audit Committee Charter Governance Committee Charter Talent Committee Charter Science, Technology and Quality Committee Charter We also have a Code of Conduct for employees. If we make any substantive amendments to the employee Code of Conduct or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our CEO, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of that amendment or waiver on our website. 34 Corporate governance Classified board and phase out As is common for newly spun-off companies, we currently have a classified board. Under our Certificate of Incorporation, we will conduct a phased declassification of the Board to be completed in 2028. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, until the 2028 Annual Meeting, our Board will be divided into three classes, with each class consisting, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors: Starting with the 2028 Annual Meeting, directors will be elected annually and for a term of office to expire at the next annual meeting of shareholders and our Board will thereafter no longer be divided into classes. Director independence Providing objective, independent judgment is at the core of our Board s oversight function. Our Director Independence Guidelines set forth certain criteria to assess the independence of our directors. Under the Director Independence Guidelines, which conform to the corporate governance listing standards of NYSE, a director will not be considered independent unless our Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with Solventum directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Solventum. Our Board has determined that a majority of the directors of Solventum, including all of our directors other than our CEO, are independent under the Director Independence Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards for independence. Limit on other directorships Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, independent directors are encouraged to evaluate carefully the time required to serve on other boards (excluding non-profit boards) taking into account board attendance, preparation, participation, and effectiveness on such boards. Independent directors must advise the Chair of the Board and the CEO before accepting an invitation to serve on another board to enable Solventum to determine whether (i) any regulatory issues or potential conflicts are raised by the director accepting such an invitation, and (ii) the director will have the time required for preparation, participation, and attendance at Board meetings. Directors who also serve as CEOs of publicly-traded companies or in equivalent positions should not serve on more than two boards of public companies (including Solventum), and other directors should not serve on more than four boards of public companies (including Solventum). 2026 Proxy statement 35 Corporate governance Director tenure and term limits Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a non-employee director must retire from the Board when they reach the age of 75. A director elected to the Board prior to his or her 75 th birthday may continue to serve until the annual meeting coincident with or following his or her 75th birthday. Aside from special circumstances (such as, potentially, during a CEO succession or during a material transaction), directors will not be nominated for election to the Board after their 75 th birthday. The Board has not granted any waivers with respect to this mandatory retirement age. There are no term limits for service on the Board. The Company and the Board believe that the absence of term limits allows the Company to retain board members who have been able to develop, over a period of time, increasing insight into the Company and its operations and, therefore, provide an important perspective to the Board as a whole. 2025 Shareholder outreach program We are committed to maintaining an active, transparent, and constructive shareholder engagement program that fosters open dialogue, strengthens investor trust and ensures shareholder perspectives are thoughtfully considered in our governance, strategy and long-term value creating decisions. The Board and the Company appreciate hearing from shareholders on business and governance matters, including the structure and design of our executive compensation programs and the design and structure of our governance provisions. Feedback from investors helps inform Board decisions and ensures the executive compensation program and the Company s governance platform continues to remain aligned with the interests and values of Solventum s shareholders. In 2025, our management team engaged with shareholders representing over 56% of our outstanding shares (based on stock holdings as of December 31, 2025 and not including 3M) to engage and share their perspectives with us on a variety of matters. Management, our Board chair, our Talent Committee chair, and our Governance Committee chair, had meetings with shareholders representing 21% of our outstanding shares (based on stock holdings as of December 31, 2025 and not including 3M). Key themes discussed with our shareholders included: Robust board oversight of risks, including relating to artificial intelligence, tariffs, and cybersecurity The Board s role in supporting strategic execution and holding management accountable Ensuring strong corporate and compensation governance Ensuring organizational health and stability through talent oversight Overseeing execution of the company s Long Range Plan Assess We regularly assess our shareholder base, voting outcomes, market feedback and emerging governance trends to identify engagement priorities and key areas of investor focus. Engage We proactively engage with shareholders through meetings, conferences, and disclosure practices designed to facilitate two-way constructive dialogue. Evaluate and respond We evaluate shareholder feedback to inform Board and management decision-making and respond, where appropriate, through enhanced disclosures, governance enhancements and ongoing engagement. 36 Corporate governance Board self-evaluation process Pursuant to NYSE requirements, Solventum s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of each of the Board s committees, the Board and each of its committees are required to conduct self-evaluations of their performance. The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation process is an essential component of good corporate governance and as a newly public company, these evaluations will help us establish the best board and governance practices to ensure robust oversight. The Board has established a process for self-evaluations, which are conducted annually, and are intended to facilitate a candid assessment and discussion by the Board and each committee of its effectiveness as a group in fulfilling its responsibilities, evaluating its performance, and identifying areas for improvement. The Governance Committee oversees the annual self-evaluation process. Each director is expected to participate and provide feedback on a range of topics, including: Board and committee agendas and meetings; culture and ethics; relationship with management; committee structure, membership and leadership; the flow of information to and from the Board and its committees; and management succession planning. 1 Director feedback is solicited on an individual basis through written questionnaires 2 Feedback reviewed by Chief Corporate Legal Affairs Officer; summary of feedback and recommendations shared with Chair, CEO, and Governance Committee Chair 3 Summary of feedback and recommendations shared with each Committee chair for discussion at next Committee meeting and development of action plan for implementation of changes 4 Board discusses feedback and recommendations and development of Board and Committee action plans; works with senior management on implementation of changes The Company expects that from time to time, this process will also involve retention of a third party experienced in corporate governance matters to act as a facilitator for the self-evaluation process, including preparing and reviewing the written questionnaires/assessments and conducting individual director interviews. Board meetings, attendance and executive sessions The Board meets on a regularly scheduled basis during the year to review significant developments affecting us and to act on matters requiring Board approval. It also holds special meetings when an important matter requires Board action between scheduled meetings. Members of senior management regularly attend meetings of the Board and its committees to report on and discuss their areas of responsibility. Directors are expected to attend Board meetings, meetings of committees on which they serve, and shareholder meetings. Directors are expected to spend the time needed and meet as frequently as necessary to properly discharge their responsibilities. During 2025, the Board held seven meetings. All directors attended 75% or more of the meetings of the Board and committees on which they served. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors are expected to attend the annual meeting. In 2025, all of our Board members attended our 2025 annual meeting. Each regularly scheduled Board meeting normally begins with a private session between the CEO and the independent directors. The independent directors may meet in executive session without the CEO at any time, and time is allocated for such independent executive sessions at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Currently, Ms. Cox, in her capacity as non-executive Chair, presides at these executive sessions. 2026 Proxy statement 37 Corporate governance Board s role in executive succession planning and development The Board, its Talent Committee and its Governance Committee oversee executive succession planning for Solventum as part of building a high-performing workforce. On a periodic basis, the Board and these committees evaluate Solventum s leadership team succession planning. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board, with the Talent Committee overseeing the succession process, plans for the succession to the position of CEO. The Talent Committee consults with respect to the positions of the leadership team members reporting directly to the CEO. To assist the Talent Committee, the CEO annually assesses leadership team members reporting directly to the CEO and their succession potential. The CEO also provides the Talent Committee with an assessment of persons considered potential successors to leadership team members reporting directly to the CEO. The Governance Committee, coordinating with the Talent Committee, makes recommendations for the appointment of executive officers after reviewing and evaluating the qualifications of individuals to occupy such positions. Director education The Company provides Board members with internal and external education opportunities and offers both financial and administrative support to Board members who attend qualifying academic or other independent programs. Educational opportunities provided to directors include the following: educational sessions at Board meetings on a variety of topics, including a deep-dive strategy session and individual strategy sessions with different business segments briefings on topics of particular relevance, including external perspective on industry trends for each business segment and key topics relevant to the Company orientation and ongoing education programs to familiarize directors with the Company s business operations including site visits with accompanying presentations regular updates from internal and external perspectives on new and emerging public company governance and topics related to the Company s external operating environment regular updates from the CEO and other senior leaders outside of formal Board meetings on key information and developments Directors are also able to and encouraged to attend external academic and other independent programs, including external director education programs and opportunities for directors of public companies. Communications with directors Shareholders or other interested parties may contact our directors by writing to them either individually or as a group or partial group (such as all independent directors), c/o Corporate Secretary, Solventum Corporation, 1750 Yankee Doodle Road, Eagan, Minnesota 55121. The Corporate Secretary reviews communications to the independent directors and forwards those communications to the independent directors as discussed below. Solventum s Corporate Secretary reviews and promptly forwards communications to the directors as appropriate. Items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of our Board are handled by the appropriate internal team, such as: business solicitation or advertisements; product-related inquiries; mass mailings; resumes or other job-related inquiries; and unsolicited commercial e-mails. 38 Corporate governance Nominations for directors Our Governance Committee identifies and screens candidates and recommends candidates for nomination to the full Board. In seeking and evaluating director candidates, the Governance Committee considers individuals in accordance with the Board Membership Criteria described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. This assessment includes, but is not limited to, consideration of: (i) roles and contributions valuable to the business community; (ii) personal qualities of leadership, character, judgment and whether the candidate possesses and maintains throughout service on the Board a reputation in the community at large of integrity, trust, respect, competence and adherence to the highest ethical standards; (iii) relevant knowledge and diversity of age, gender, ethnicity, background and experience in areas such as business, healthcare, manufacturing, technology, finance and accounting, marketing, international business and government; and (iv) whether the candidate is free of conflicts and has the time required for preparation, participation and attendance at all meetings. In addition, the Governance Committee considers whether the candidate s skills and experiences are complementary to existing Board members skills and experiences, the Board s needs for particular expertise, and the candidate s impact on Board dynamics and effectiveness. The Governance Committee considers director candidates from several sources including those recommended by Board members, a third-party search firm, or shareholders. Candidates proposed by shareholders are evaluated using the same criteria as for other candidates. A shareholder who wishes to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Governance Committee should send such recommendation to our Corporate Secretary at Solventum Corporation, 1750 Yankee Doodle Road, Eagan, Minnesota 55121. A shareholder who wishes to nominate an individual as a candidate for election must comply with the applicable advance notice and proxy access requirements set forth in our Bylaws. Shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than our nominees must also comply with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. (See Questions answers about the annual meeting - What do I need to know to submit proposals and what are the deadlines to propose actions for consideration or to nominate individuals to serve as directors at the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders? for more information). Certain relationships and related person transactions Solventum has adopted a related person transaction process that is administered by the Governance Committee. This process applies to any transaction or series of transactions in which Solventum or a subsidiary is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, a related person (as that term is defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K) has a direct or indirect material interest, and the transaction is required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Transactions that fall within this definition are referred to the Governance Committee for review and approval or other action, including ratification. Based on its consideration of all of the relevant facts and circumstances, the Governance Committee will decide whether or not to approve a transaction and will approve only those transactions that are in the best interests of Solventum and its shareholders. Any Governance Committee member who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review will not participate in the deliberations or vote respecting such approval, except that such a director may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting at which the committee considers the transaction. On an annual basis, each director and executive officer is obligated to complete a director and officer questionnaire that requires disclosure of any transactions with us in which the director or executive officer, or any member of his or her immediate family, has an interest. Under our Code of Conduct, which is available on our website at www.solventum.com , and related policies and procedures, actual or potential conflicts of interest involving any other employee must be disclosed promptly to the Chair of the Governance Committee and the Chief Corporate Legal Affairs Officer. Doug Jones, MedSurg VP Sales US Canada, is the brother in law of Bryan Hanson, our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jones currently receives annual compensation including base salary and bonus of approximately $536,200. Mr. Jones also receives certain other benefits, including awards of equity, customary to similar positions within the Company. In 2025, such equity award had a target value of $300,000. Mr. Jones employment was approved by the Governance Committee in accordance with our hiring standards after a robust search and process. The amounts paid to Mr. Jones were commensurate with those paid to employees in similar positions and responsibility levels. 2026 Proxy statement 39 Corporate governance Agreements with 3M In connection with the separation from 3M on April 1, 2024 (the Separation ), Solventum entered into or adopted several agreements that provide a framework for Solventum s relationship with 3M after the Separation. As of March 19, 2026, 3M owned 14.7% of our common stock. These agreements include, but are not limited to, the following: Separation and distribution agreement The separation and distribution agreement contains key provisions related to the Separation, including the transfer of assets and assumptions of liabilities. In connection with this agreement, certain assets and liabilities included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2024 were retained by 3M and certain assets and liabilities not included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2024 were transferred to Solventum as of the Separation. Transition agreements Transition services agreements include services that 3M will provide to Solventum and its affiliates, and Solventum and its affiliates will provide to 3M and its affiliates, on an interim, transitional basis. Transition services agreement . Includes various services, including, but not limited to, information technology support and access, logistics services, certain finance support functions, compliance reporting, human resources and toxicology laboratory support services. The transition services agreement has an overall term of two years, subject to a potential one-year extension as determined by the parties, which in certain cases the parties have agreed to. Transition distribution services agreement . Provides that 3M and its affiliates will retain inventories of and purchase certain Solventum products from Solventum and its subsidiaries and distribute those products to Solventum s customers. The transition distribution services agreement has an overall term of two years, with shorter terms for individual countries, subject to a potential one-year extension as determined by the parties. Transition contract manufacturing agreement . Solventum and 3M will manufacture certain products of the other party at specified manufacturing sites and will supply such products to the other party, in each case on a transitional basis to allow for the orderly exit of production at the supplier site and relocation. The transition contract manufacturing agreement has an overall term of three years, with the terms of individual services ranging from eighteen to thirty-six months, subject to potential extensions in certain circumstances as determined by the parties. Tax matters agreement The tax matters agreement governs the parties respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to taxes (including responsibility for taxes, entitlement to refunds, allocation of tax attributes, preparation of tax returns, control of tax contests and other tax matters). In addition, the tax matters agreement imposes certain restrictions on Solventum and its subsidiaries (including restrictions on share issuances, business combinations, sales of assets and similar transactions) that are designed to preserve the tax-free status of the distribution and certain related transactions. 40 Corporate governance Employee matters agreement The employee matters agreement allocates liabilities and responsibilities relating to employment matters, employee compensation and benefits plans and programs and other related matters. The employee matters agreement provides that, unless otherwise specified, each party will be responsible for liabilities associated with current and former employees of such party and its subsidiaries. For the U.S. qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans, Solventum established plans that mirror the corresponding 3M plans and assumed all obligations under 3M s plans for the accrued benefits of current and former Solventum employees. The employee matters agreement also governs the terms of equity-based awards granted by 3M prior to the Separation. Real estate license agreements Solventum or one of its affiliates, as licensee, has entered into certain real estate license agreements with 3M or one of its affiliates, as licensor, pursuant to which Solventum will be able to continue to use certain premises owned or leased by 3M for a limited period of time following the Separation. Pursuant to the real estate license agreements, 3M will provide customary building services to the licensee consistent with the property s use prior to the Separation, including, without limitation, basic utilities, janitorial and trash removal services, maintenance services and employee amenities. The terms of the real estate license agreements are generally two years or less. Master supply agreements 3M and Solventum entered into master supply agreements in connection with the Separation under which each agrees to supply the other with certain products. The term of the master supply agreements will initially be three years, which will extend automatically, with the length of the term extension subject to the parties ability to identify a third-party supplier and the ability for such third-party supplier to provide validated production samples. 2026 Proxy statement 41 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. page 42 As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act, shareholders are asked to approve a non-binding advisory resolution to approve the compensation of our named executive officers ( NEOs ), as disclosed in this proxy statement: RESOLVED, that the shareholders of Solventum Corporation (the Company ) approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the related compensation tables, notes and narrative in the proxy statement for the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Although this Say on Pay resolution is non-binding, our Board and Talent Committee value your opinion and will consider the results of the vote when making future compensation decisions. At the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, our shareholders voted and we determined that this Say on Pay vote be held annually. We encourage you to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) of this proxy statement, which describes how our executive compensation program is designed and operates, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables, notes and narrative in this document. Voting standard The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the matter is required to approve the advisory, non-binding proposal concerning the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in this proxy statement. The Board recommends a vote FOR this resolution: Why you should vote FOR the Advisory Vote on the Approval of Executive Compensation Aligned with Shareholders: Our executive compensation program is designed to incentivize and reward executives for actions that create durable long-term value for shareholders. Pay-for-Performance Design: 92% of CEO and 81% of NEO target compensation is at risk and only earned based on Company and individual performance, which promotes a heightened focus on results. Rigorous, Relevant Performance Metrics: Challenging performance objectives were chosen and rigorous preset goals set to focus on both near-term results and long-term strategic goals. Risk Mitigation: The plan design requires executives to remain materially invested in Solventum, with minimum stock ownership requirements for our senior executives, clawback policies, and prohibitions on hedging and pledging of executive stock. Informed by Shareholder Feedback: The Talent Committee is committed to ongoing communications with shareholders on compensation design and voting policies, and has already taken several actions in response to the feedback received. The Board of Directors Unanimously Recommends that Shareholders Vote FOR Approval of the Advisory Resolution on Executive Compensation. 42 Compensation discussion and analysis This CD A describes Solventum s executive compensation program, explains how the Talent Committee of the Board of Directors oversees and implements this program, and reviews the 2025 compensation for the NEOs: 2025 Named executive officers Bryan Hanson Chief Executive Officer Wayde McMillan Chief Financial Officer Heather Knight Chief Commercial Officer Marcela Kirberger Chief Corporate Legal Affairs Officer Amy Landucci Chief Information Digital Officer Chris Barry Former EVP and Group President, Medical Surgical A pay structure that aligns with our compensation philosophy Executive compensation philosophy The Solventum Talent Committee designed the executive compensation program to incentivize and reward executives for actions that create sustainable shareholder value. The four key tenets of our compensation philosophy are: Pay For Performance: A majority of total direct compensation should be at risk and subject to preset goals that support our strategy, performance, and long-term shareholder value. Align Interests: Pay outcomes should be linked to the creation of shareholder value, aligning the interests of executives with shareholders. Retain Talent: The program should attract and retain industry-leading executives who lead the efforts to generate durable shareholder value. Reward Competitively: The program should be designed so that it is appropriately benchmarked and rewards strong performance. How our pay practices align with our philosophy Practice Pay for performance Align interests Retain talent Reward competitively 92% of CEO and 81% of NEO total direct compensation is at risk and tied to performance-driven measurements Annual cash incentive and performance share units have pre-established and rigorous performance metrics, with a cap on payouts to minimize compensation risk Competitive total pay opportunities relative to peer group and broader market in which we compete for talent Annual risk assessment to ensure our compensation programs do not encourage excessive risk taking Robust stock ownership, anti-hedging and pledging, and clawback policies Shareholder feedback is a key input to Board and Talent Committee discussions and informs decisions 2026 Proxy statement 43 Compensation discussion and analysis Compensation mix The majority of the CEO s and other NEOs compensation opportunity is at-risk and based on measurable performance goals. CEO target pay mix 92% At-Risk Average of other NEOs target pay mix 81% At-Risk Base Salary Annual Incentive Pay Performance Share Awards Restricted Stock Units Numbers in charts are rounded to the nearest whole number 2025 Pay elements Base salary Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) Long-term equity awards Benefits other perquisites Benchmarked and set to reward for skills, experience, performance, responsibility, and leadership 100% Performance based: 50% Constant Currency Revenue 30% Adjusted Operating Income 20% Free Cash Flow Individual Goals Modifier 50% Performance Share Units: 50% 3-year Constant Currency Cumulative Revenue Growth 30% 3-year Cumulative Adjusted EPS 20% 3-year rTSR 50% Restricted Stock Units: 3-year vesting period Benchmarked to market practice to help attract, retain and reward talent 44 Compensation discussion and analysis 2025 Performance summary Fiscal year 2025 marked Solventum s first full year as a public company and a period of meaningful progress. The Company launched its long range plan, prioritized five growth drivers, strengthened its leadership team with transformation experience, enhanced its innovation pipeline, and advanced portfolio optimization, including the sale of the Purification Filtration business and completion of the Company s first acquisition. Solventum over delivered on both its top and bottom line, supported by stronger volume trends, improved margins, and nearly tripled year over year organic revenue growth. These results were achieved while executing a complex separation and accelerating transformation initiatives. Solventum delivered on its strategic, operational and financial commitments and is on an accelerated trajectory for the future based on 2025 performance. Our 2025 performance on selected key financial performance indicators is highlighted below. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. Net sales $8.3B +0.9% Reported +3.3% Organic Operating income $2.2B Adjusted operating income $1.7B Diluted EPS $8.88 Adjusted diluted EPS $6.11 Cash from operations $369M Free Cash Flow ($10M) 2026 Proxy statement 45 Compensation discussion and analysis Responsiveness to shareholder feedback The Talent Committee and Board appreciate hearing from shareholders on the structure and design of our executive compensation programs. This feedback helps inform Talent Committee and Board decisions and ensures the program continues to remain aligned with the interests and values of Solventum s shareholders. Since 2024, our Talent Committee has taken actions in response to shareholder feedback received, as outlined in the table below: ~85% Stockholder vote in support of our 2025 say-on pay proposal Shareholder feedback What we heard Responsive action What we have done Impact of action Why it is important Performance equity payouts should align with value created Added Relative TSR as performance metric for 2025 PSUs Direct response to shareholder feedback Ensures PSU vesting is directly aligned with change in shareholder value Incentives should be aligned with performance and shareholder value 92% of CEO and 81% of other NEO target direct compensation is at risk 82% of CEO and 64% of other NEO target direct compensation consists of multi-year vesting equity awards Continued focus on both near-term objectives and long-term strategy Aligns NEOs interests with those of long-term shareholders Compensation structures/policies should encourage equity ownership Increased CEO stock ownership requirement from 3X base salary to 6X Adopted Board of Directors stock ownership guidelines (5x annual board retainer) Aligns CEO s interests with long-term shareholders Disincentivizes excessive risk taking Adopt designs that prevent pay for failure outcomes Awards subject to clawback provisions Enhances retentive value and stability Protects against windfall to executives upon early termination/resignation 46 Compensation discussion and analysis Executive officer transitions Mr. Barry, EVP and Group President Medical Surgical left the organization effective December 31, 2025 as announced October 17, 2025. Upon execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims, Mr. Barry was entitled to receive severance benefits applicable for termination without cause under the Solventum Executive Severance Plan (the Executive Severance Plan ) and his outstanding equity awards were treated in accordance with the applicable award agreements (as provided under the Executive Severance Plan). Solventum announced on October 17, 2025 the appointment of Heather Knight as Chief Commercial Officer effective November 10, 2025. Ms. Knight oversees all global commercial and R D operations across the Company s Medical Surgical, Dental Solutions and Health Information Systems segments and reports directly to CEO Bryan Hanson. Ms. Knight s annual compensation consists of an annual base salary of $800,000 and a target AIP of 100% of her base salary and long-term incentives. In addition, Solventum provided make-whole compensation arrangements to Ms. Knight for the loss of certain compensation from her previous employer by providing a $2,000,000 make-whole new hire cash award and a make-whole new hire Restricted Stock Unit award with an intended value of $6,000,000 that vests annually over three years. If Ms. Knight s employment is voluntarily terminated within 2 years of her start date, certain payments are subject to forfeiture. 2025 Pay elements 1. Base salary Base Salary is the only fixed component of our executive compensation program. The Talent Committee believes salary should be commensurate with each executive officer s roles, responsibilities and experience, and be competitive with peer group company pay levels for similar positions. The CEO recommends to the Talent Committee base salary changes for executive officers (other than himself) based on performance, retention, internal benchmarking, and comparisons to market practices for similar executive officers. Recommendations are reviewed by, and subject to the approval of, the Talent Committee. The following table provides the annual base salary rate for each of our NEOs in 2025. Mr. Hanson s base salary remained the same and he received no increase in 2025. Executive 2024 annual base salary rate ($) 2025 annual base salary rate ($) % Increase Bryan Hanson Chief Executive Officer 1,350,000 1,350,000 Wayde McMillan Chief Financial Officer 758,947 782,000 3.0 Heather Knight Chief Commercial Officer N/A 800,000 Marcela Kirberger Chief Corporate Legal Affairs Officer 712,603 734,000 3.0 Amy Landucci Chief Information Digital Officer 669,500 690,000 3.1 Chris Barry Former EVP and Group President, Medical Surgical 975,000 1,004,000 3.0 2026 Proxy statement 47 Compensation discussion and analysis 2. Annual Incentive Plan ( AIP ) The Talent Committee designed an AIP to incentivize and reward executives for achieving performance goals that are aligned with the Company s financial, operational and strategic initiatives. While this CD A focuses on NEO compensation, the AIP is a broad-based plan that extends beyond NEOs to other employees to emphasize alignment across the organization. At the beginning of each annual performance cycle, the Talent Committee establishes financial performance metrics and goals with target, minimum and maximum thresholds. In order to focus executives on growth, profitability and the efficient use of capital, the Talent Committee approved Constant Currency Revenue, Adjusted Operating Income and Free Cash Flow as the performance metrics for the 2025 AIP with the relative weightings set forth below: 50% 30% 20% Constant Currency Revenue Adjusted Operating Income Free Cash Flow The aggregate of the achieved results is referred to as the Business Performance Factor. The AIP is designed so that the Talent Committee will also evaluate individual performance for each NEO (other than the CEO) based on recommendations from the CEO, and will determine an individual performance multiplier for each NEO at the end of the applicable period, taking into account the CEO s assessment of the achievement of strategic and operational goals. The CEO s individual goals are developed by the Talent Committee and approved by the full Board. This individual performance multiplier is then applied to the Business Performance Factor to determine the final payout for each NEO, which can result in an increase or decrease of up to 30%. In 2025, the Company increased the individual performance modifier from +/- 20% to +/- 30% to drive greater pay differentiation and recognize top performers. There is no payment under the individual modifier if AIP minimum performance thresholds are not met. 2025 AIP goals and actual performance Performance measures in the following table were utilized to determine the amount for each of the NEOs based on their respective target bonus amounts. Weight Performance metric* Threshold 25% ($) Target 100% ($) Maximum 200% ($) Actual ($) Payout (as a % of target) 50% Constant Currency Revenue 7,600M 8,261M