=== SOLV_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are summarized below. Although Solventum believes that the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements it makes are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained and it is possible that actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events and trends, and actual future results and trends may differ materially from historical results or those reflected in any such forward-looking statements depending on a variety of factors. Solventum assumes no obligation to update or revise such statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Summary of Risk Factors Solventum s business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect Solventum s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following, all of which are more fully described in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors", and should be considered an integral part of Part II, Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing Solventum s business. Solventum s historical financial information for periods prior to the Spin-Off is not necessarily representative of the results or performance that it would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company. Solventum may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Spin-Off. Solventum s accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which it is subject to as a standalone publicly traded company. In connection with the Spin-Off, Solventum incurred debt obligations and may incur additional obligations in the future, which could adversely affect its business and profitability and its ability to meet other obligations. Solventum may not be able to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions following the Spin-Off. If the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Solventum and its shareholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities. The transfer to Solventum of certain contracts, permits and other assets and rights may have required the consents or approvals of, or provide other rights to, third parties and governmental authorities. Following the Spin-Off, Solventum s commercial relationships with 3M remain significant, which could adversely affect Solventum s business, its ability to meet other obligations and the market price of its common stock. Solventum s results may be impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade and geopolitical conditions, war and other events beyond its control. The deployment of artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies in Solventum's products and services, or a failure to adapt its products and services, could affect future results. Public health crises may increase Solventum s cost of doing business and disrupt Solventum s operations. Our brands are critical to our success, and damage to our reputation or our brands could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and other strategic events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible further organizational restructuring, could affect future results. Solventum may not be able to effectively integrate acquired businesses into its operations or achieve expected cost savings or profitability from its acquisitions. Solventum's restructuring program may not be successful. Solventum may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to Solventum, or at all. Change in Solventum s credit ratings could increase cost of funding. 4 Table of Contents Changes in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates could adversely affect Solventum. Solventum operates in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future and the healthcare industry may be disrupted, necessitating that Solventum lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share. Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on Solventum s revenues and results of operations. Reductions in customers research budgets or government funding may adversely affect Solventum s business. Solventum s growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of its new products and services. The success of many of Solventum s products depends upon certain key healthcare professionals. Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or other cost containment measures or worsening economic conditions could affect the demand for Solventum s products and the prices at which they are sold. Solventum s future results are subject to vulnerability with respect to materials and availability of purchased components, compounds, raw materials, energy, production capacity and labor. 3M is the sole source of supply for raw materials used in certain of our products and our business will be harmed if 3M does not satisfy our requirements. Solventum is subject to risks related to international, federal, state and local treaties, laws and regulations, as well as related compliance risks. Solventum may face potential liabilities related to PFAS, which could adversely impact Solventum s results. The impacts of climate change may adversely effect Solventum s business. Solventum operates in a strictly regulated industry, and compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the commercialization of Solventum s products is costly and failure to comply may result in significant penalties. Solventum is subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts and public procurement in many jurisdictions, as to which the failure to comply could adversely affect Solventum s business. Solventum is exposed to risks associated with product liability claims, including existing claims and claims resulting from the actions or inactions of its customers or third parties, and product recalls or safety alerts that are outside of its control. Security and data breaches, cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents involving Solventum s information technology systems and infrastructure could disrupt or interfere with Solventum s operations. Solventum may be unable to obtain, maintain, protect or effectively enforce its intellectual property rights. Changes in tax rates, laws or regulations could adversely impact Solventum s financial results. Solventum s tax burden could increase as a result of ongoing or future tax audits and inquiries. Solventum could be negatively impacted by future changes in the allocation of income to each of the income tax jurisdictions in which Solventum operates. If Solventum is unable to attract or retain key personnel and qualified employees, or maintain relations with its employees, unions and other employee representatives, Solventum s business would be adversely affected. A significant number of shares of Solventum common stock may be sold by 3M or others, which may cause the Solventum stock price to decline. Because Solventum does not currently intend to pay any dividends on its common stock, holders of its common stock must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. Anti-takeover provisions could enable Solventum s Board of Directors to resist a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of its shareholders. 5 Table of Contents SOLVENTUM CORPORATION ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 PART I Item 1. Business Solventum Corporation ("Solventum," "we," "our," "us," or the "Company"), is a leading global healthcare company developing, manufacturing, and commercializing a broad portfolio of solutions that leverages deep material science, data science, and digital capabilities to address critical customer and patient needs. We constantly seek to enable the improvement of standards of care and move healthcare forward with innovation powered by insights, clinical intelligence, technology, and manufacturing expertise. Our 70+ year history of discovering and innovating advanced solutions has helped us solve our customers toughest challenges. Our solutions are relied on every day within the global healthcare industry to deliver higher-quality patient care, more efficient processes and workflows, and improved standards of safety and accuracy. Additionally, our products and services are present along a patient s journey through prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and recovery. Our business possesses strong customer relationships, a broad, wide-ranging, and well-known portfolio of brands, differentiated technology, and manufacturing expertise. We serve a diverse customer base, ranging from multidisciplinary hospitals to local clinics/practices. Our long-tenured and collaborative customer relationships globally give us unique insights into their needs and preferences. These insights inform our innovation processes, drive stronger customer retention, and create multiple avenues for further customer engagement. Business Segments We are organized into three reportable operating business segments that are aligned with the markets we serve. MedSurg (57.9% of 2025 total sales) is a provider of solutions including negative pressure wound therapy, advanced wound dressings, advanced skin care, synthetic tissue matrices, I.V. site management, sterilization assurance, temperature management, surgical supplies, medical tapes and wraps, stethoscopes, medical electrodes, and medical technologies Original Equipment Manufacturer ("OEM" ) . These solutions are designed to accelerate healing, prevent complications, and lower the total cost of care. Additionally, our comprehensive range of surgical solutions are designed to mitigate a patient s risk of infection or complications. Dental Solutions (16.2% of 2025 total sales) is a provider of a comprehensive suite of dental and orthodontic products including brackets, aligners, restorative cements, and bonding agents that span the "life of the tooth," including products designed for preventative dental care, direct and indirect restoration, and broad orthodontic needs. Health Information Systems (16.3% of 2025 total sales) provides healthcare systems with software solutions including computer-assisted physician documentation, direct-to-bill and coding automation, classification methodologies, speech recognition, and data visualization platforms that are designed to eliminate revenue cycle waste, create more time for patient care, and support value-based care. These solutions are designed to ensure accuracy of reimbursement and reduce the administrative burden that clinicians face. Acquisitions and Divestitures As part of our business strategy, Solventum intends to monitor its business portfolio and organizational structure and may make acquisitions and divestitures that expand or enhance its organizational structure. In 2025, the Company acquired Acera Surgical ("Acera"), a privately held bioscience company. Also in 2025, the Company sold its Purification and Filtration business to Thermo Fischer Scientific Inc. Refer to Note 3, "Acquisitions and Divestitures" for additional information on acquisitions and divestiture activity in periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Research and Development Activities Our Research and Development ("R D") activities are focused on developing new solutions that are clinically supported and differentiated as well as improving on our marketed solutions to address evolving customer needs and enable better outcomes and access for patients. Our R D capabilities include R D organizations that operate within each of our business segments, as well as R D capabilities spanning across our business segments. Our business segment R D organizations are responsible for the full product development life cycle, leveraging industry insights, domain-specific expertise in end-to-end product development, and a detailed understanding of customer applications 6 Table of Contents and usability to innovate in both new and marketed products. Our cross-segment capabilities include building new shared technologies and advancing existing shared technologies. We believe that collaboration across our organization further enhances our R D capabilities by standardization of common processes and sharing of best practices, enabling consistent and collaborative development and issue resolution, promoting synergies in development and manufacturing, and creating a broad culture of solving what matters. Our R D team consists of approximately 2,000 employees, including research scientists, chemical engineers, data scientists, software engineers, and product developers. They are supported by a team of accomplished clinicians from our medical affairs. We partner with our medical and scientific affairs to enhance our clinical insight and expand awareness of clinical studies regarding our solutions by increasing both the number of peer-reviewed publications and the visibility for existing publications that address our solutions. Intellectual Property Development and protection of our proprietary technologies through IP rights is a strategic priority for our business. To protect our proprietary technologies, Solventum relies on a combination of patent, design, utility model, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protections as well as regulatory exclusivity periods and confidentiality agreements. Our IP team collaborates with our R D and product teams to develop product line focused IP strategies and secure IP rights as appropriate. We generally file patent applications in the United States and foreign countries that have strong technology patent protections. We also license from third parties IP that complements our internal R D efforts and product offerings. While, in aggregate, our patents and other IP are vital to our operations, we do not consider any single IP asset or group of assets to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole; rather, we believe understanding our customers needs, technology expertise, and manufacturing know-how are critical for our business. Competitors We operate in highly competitive markets across our segments and product categories throughout the world. Our ability to compete effectively is contingent upon several factors, including but not limited to our ability to deliver differentiated clinical and economic outcomes for our customers. In the MedSurg segment, the advanced wound care market is highly competitive, particularly in the United States and Europe, with our principal competitors including Smith Nephew, Medaxis, M lnlycke, Coloplast, and Convatec. Our infection prevention and surgical supplies solutions are offered in highly competitive and fragmented end markets, especially in the United States and Europe. Our principal competitors in this segment include Becton Dickinson, Hartmann, ICU Medical, Medline, Cardinal Health, Fortive, Steris, MDF Instruments, and BSN. The dental market is highly competitive, with players ranging from very large broad-based multinational companies to localized or specialized suppliers and start-ups. Principal multinational competitors within the oral care market include Dentsply Sirona, Envista, and Straumann, all of which compete with both dental and orthodontic solutions, and Ivoclar, which competes with only dental solution offerings, and Align Technology, which competes with only orthodontic solution offerings. The health care software technology market in which we conduct our business, and the healthcare information technology ("HCIT") industry in general, is highly competitive and dynamic, characterized by the continual introduction of new products and technologies. Principal competitors include Optum, Microsoft (Nuance), Epic, Oracle (Cerner), Waystar, Athena, and a host of start-up technologies actively working to disrupt the areas of revenue cycle management and clinician productivity. In the United States, the market for value-based care software solutions is highly fragmented and subject to continuous entry of new competitors. The market is even more fragmented internationally. Outside the U.S., we compete primarily with local players in the respective country or region, in addition to new market entrants. Human Capital We have a long-tenured and diverse talent base with significant work experience, technical qualifications, and healthcare industry expertise. Our employee base consists of approximately 20,000 employees, with approximately 40% having more than 10 years of tenure. We have approximately 10,000 employees in the United States and approximately 2,000 in Germany. Of our employees, approximately 4,000 are production employees working in plants across the globe. We do not have any unionized facilities in the US. Our relationship with employee-representative organizations outside the U.S. takes many forms, including in European Union countries where we engage with representative bodies for employees, such as employee forums, works councils and trade unions, in accordance with local law. Our employees are united in our mission to provide better, smarter, safer healthcare to improve lives. Our culture highlights collaboration and teamwork, along with a focus on empathy, solving challenges and improving care. 7 Table of Contents The ability to recruit, retain, develop, protect, and fairly compensate our global workforce will be a key driver of our success. Our key human capital priorities are designed to support those efforts, including those listed below. Health and Safety : Solventum is committed to the safety, health, and well-being of its employees. We continuously evaluate opportunities to raise safety and health standards, visiting sites to identify and manage environmental health and safety risks; evaluating compliance with regulatory requirements and company policies; and maintaining a global security operation for the protection of facilities and people on our sites. We also promote health and well-being through disease prevention programs, on-site clinical services, employee assistance programs, and comprehensive healthcare benefits. Development and Pipeline : We have a robust, continuous talent review process focused on succession planning and key talent development. We deploy functional and leadership development opportunities and support time to learn. In addition, we advance our talent pipeline by attracting competitive talent and accelerating leadership and key skill development. We are expanding our external talent pools and leveraging university and professional organizations to identify talent with critical skills. Workplace Environment : Our ability to evolve as a highly preferred organization who serves the needs of our employees and contributes to customer success is realized by enabling a workplace and environment which fosters belonging. In support of the communities we operate in globally, we are committed to inclusion in its broadest sense. We strengthen our commitment by ensuring accessible and fair processes for all. Whether we are attracting or advancing talent, we focus on conveying our intent for leaders and employees to thrive. Engaging talent such as those who are involved in our Employee Impact Groups, which are open to everyone, has proven to be a way to empower and inspire our workforce as they drive innovation in unique ways. Compensation and Benefits : Our total compensation for employees includes a variety of components that support sustainable employment and the ability to build a strong financial future, including competitive market-based pay and comprehensive benefits. In addition, we have a professional and flexible work environment that promotes innovation and well-being and rewards performance. Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters Solventum benefits from having both an Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) organization and a Product Stewardship (PS) organization which collaborate to ensure environmental, health and safety ("EHS") considerations are proactively managed across facilities and products. We are subject to various laws, regulations, ordinances, customer requirements, and industry standards related to EHS matters. These include, but are not limited to, permitting, licensing, and authorization requirements, and regulatory obligations. These affect a significant portion of our activities globally across each of our segments and product lines and require compliance related to, among other things: (a) occupational health, safety, and well-being; (b) the protection of the environment; (c) emissions and discharges to air and water; (d) greenhouse gas management and climate change; (e) the use of natural resources; (f) the handling, use, storage, transportation, and disposal of toxic or hazardous materials, radioactive materials, and solid and hazardous wastes; and (g) the procurement and use of select materials and chemicals. EHS laws and regulations also vary widely by jurisdiction, may be established at supranational, international, national, state, and/or local levels, and are constantly evolving, often to become more stringent. Compliance with EHS laws, regulations, customer requirements, and industry standards require, among other things, that we maintain and operate our equipment safely; obtain and keep current environmental permits, radioactive material licenses, and radiation machine registrations; install pollution control technologies; and maintain certain records and submit specific reports. Failure to comply could lead to enforcement actions, such as the imposition of civil or criminal fines and penalties; the suspension or termination of our permits, licenses, authorizations, or operations; claims by third parties; remediation expenses or liabilities; or other sanctions. Solventum also is subject to a broad and continually evolving set of regulations governing the manufacture, processing, distribution, import, export, and labeling of its products and their raw materials. Examples include various chemical control regulations, such as European Union ("EU") Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH), and global variations, which require registration, evaluation including potential testing, reporting and possible restrictions. In addition, Solventum complies with global Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) reporting requirements for products containing electronics and batteries; electrical safety regulations; Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals (GHS); and various other chemical, material, product, and packaging requirements including communication and reporting obligations. Beyond safety and compliance, Solventum practices responsible chemical use, working to minimize hazards wherever possible. As an example, a specific chemical category of interest is Per - and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS"). A small number of Solventum s products utilize and/or contain PFAS. Use is critically evaluated on an on-going basis, and non-PFAS alternatives 8 Table of Contents are utilized when possible. Regulatory and legislative activities concerning PFAS are accelerating in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. Solventum diligently tracks and analyzes these global emerging regulations for applicability to both products and operations, taking a proactive approach and ensuring preparedness. Solventum s operations are also subject to various laws governing occupational health and safety. An example in the US is the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA") and parallel state and local occupational health and safety standards. These standards establish certain employer responsibilities, including requirements to maintain a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause serious injury or death, certain medical and hygiene standards, licensing and permitting obligations and various recordkeeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Solventum s facilities and operations may be subject to periodic inspections by OSHA representatives and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions. Failure to comply with applicable occupational health and safety standards, even if no work-related serious injury or death occurs, could result in civil or criminal enforcement and substantial penalties, significant capital expenditures or suspension or limitation of Solventum s operations. In addition, Solventum manufacturing facilities are also subject to environmental, health and safety statutes, regulations and permit requirements, including, but not limited to, applicable requirements under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Seveso-III Directive (Directive 2012/18/EU), the European Machinery Directive (Directive 2006/42/EC), the EU Industrial Emissions Directive (Directive 2010/75/EU), and the European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register. Sales and Marketing We have an extensive global commercial footprint with sales in over 90 countries. To serve our diverse customer base across our prioritized geographies, we take a multi-model commercial approach, including direct-to-customer, distribution, key account management, inside sales, and e-commerce. We augment our commercial model with both marketing and service support. Key marketing activities include brand management, insights, price management, digital marketing, and integrated marketing communications. As our customers increasingly leverage both traditional and digital media in their path to purchase, we continue to optimize our own omnichannel execution to ensure the best customer experience possible. Our service support teams include clinical specialists (licensed nurses or technicians), medical liaisons (clinical professionals such as surgeons and dentists), and application engineers (technical subject matter experts). These teams provide high-quality customer support serving as the clinical and/or technical expert for the customer. To expand our market coverage into emerging geographies in the Latin America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia regions, we employ an export commercial model and leverage local partners to market and sell our products. Our local third-party partners facilitate regulatory and cross-border import compliance and distribute directly to the customer. Our export commercial team provides technical, clinical, and marketing support both directly to our customers as well as to our third-party partners, to help increase customer satisfaction and support our ability to grow our global presence. Global Supply Chain and Sourcing Our Global Supply Chain strategy is designed to ensure speed, reliability, and cost efficiency, with the flexibility and resilience to navigate market changes. Our sourcing, production, and distribution network is managed globally, supported by advanced manufacturing and assembly capabilities across our worldwide footprint. Our manufacturing is supported by a global distribution network. Our sourcing practices prioritize sustainable suppliers and comply with global regulatory standards. Our distribution network is strategically designed using a "hub-and-spoke" model. This approach optimizes route planning and accelerates delivery times to customers across all regions. This footprint is "purpose-built" to meet customer needs in a cost-effective manner. As we separate from 3M, we continue to leverage 3M's established infrastructure across certain geographies ensuring continuity and reliability during our transition, while we invest in expanding our independent capabilities. The use of both distribution networks and manufacturing sites is covered under a Transition and Distribution Agreement and a Transition Contract Manufacturing Agreement, respectively, with 3M. Our supply chain resiliency program consisting of regional sources of supply, dual-source manufacturing capabilities and vertically integrated operations presents a competitive advantage by providing a reliable supply of products to our customers. In 2025, the United States government announced new tariffs on imported goods from certain countries, and in response, foreign governments have threatened or imposed tariffs or other actions. On February 20, 2026, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision concluding that the International Emergency Economic Powers Act does not provide authority for the 9 Table of Contents President to impose tariffs. During 2025, certain tariffs that affected us were imposed under this statute pursuant to presidential executive order. The ultimate financial impact of this decision cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The extent and timing of any potential recoveries of tariffs previously paid remain subject to further legal interpretation and administrative processes. We will continue to monitor developments and will evaluate the effect of the ruling on future reporting periods as additional information becomes available. Health Care Policies Political, economic, technological and regulatory influences around the world continue to subject the health care industry to potential fundamental changes that could substantially affect our results of operations. We maintain a global Government Affairs presence to actively monitor and advocate on a myriad of legislation and policies that may potentially impact us, both on a domestic and an international front. The Government Affairs office works closely with members of Congress and committee staff, the White House and administration offices, state governors, legislatures and regulatory agencies, embassies and global governments on issues affecting our business. The Government Affairs office also advocates for public policy that benefits our employees and the patients we serve and supports the communities in which we live. Our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other health care providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) and private insurance payers, for the items and services provided to their patients. Government and private sector initiatives related to limiting the growth of health care costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews of therapies, technology assessments, price transparency, health care delivery and payment structure reforms and localization or regionalization of supply, are continuing in many countries where we do business. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to place increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies and/or increase patient access. Implementation of cost containment initiatives and health care reforms in significant markets such as the U.S., China and other markets may limit the price of, or the level at which reimbursement is provided for, our products or procedures using our products, which in turn may make it less likely that a hospital or physician will select our products to treat patients. Regulations General The regulations applicable to Solventum are promulgated and enforced by government bodies in individual countries and govern the methods and controls used for the design, manufacture, packaging labeling, storage, safety, sales and distribution, marketing clearance or approval, advertising and promotion, sterilization, installation, servicing, performance and effectiveness of the products Solventum sells globally. In addition, Solventum is subject to other complex and varying regulations related to anti-trust, anti-corruption, export control, privacy and data protection, emerging technologies, such as AI, and other areas. These regulations are dynamic and apply to all facilities of Solventum s business that conduct the foregoing activities, regardless of where the facilities are located; apply to the activities performed by most of Solventum s employees, including but not limited to sales and marketing, research and development, regulatory affairs, quality assurance, medical affairs, and operations, both before and after a product is commercially distributed; and differ by country and/or region. Solventum commits a significant amount of resources to maintain compliance with these regulations, to monitor evolving or new regulations, to respond to requests, inspections, and/or audits from governing bodies that monitor compliance with relevant regulations, and develop products that adhere to regulatory requirements in order to obtain regulatory clearances and/or approvals. Compliance with these regulations requires Solventum to create systems, processes, and procedures that are aligned with the regulations in all markets Solventum serves. Compliance also requires Solventum to maintain knowledge of the current regulations that govern its activities. As these regulations change, Solventum must adapt its systems, processes, and procedures to comply with the new regulations. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a description of the risks related to the regulations that are applicable to Solventum. Regulation of Medical Devices and Pharmaceutical Products The products Solventum develops, manufactures, and commercializes are regulated in most of the markets Solventum serves. Some of these products meet the definition of medical devices, pharmaceuticals or combination products and are regulated, as such, by various governmental bodies, globally. All products produced by the MedSurg and Dental Solutions segments, with 10 Table of Contents very few exceptions, meet the definition of a medical device or pharmaceutical product. Accordingly, the development, manufacture, and commercialization of these products must comply with the regulations governing medical devices or pharmaceuticals in the markets we serve. Conversely, none of the products produced by the Health Information Systems segment meet the definition of medical devices or pharmaceuticals. The product portfolio of the segment is dynamic and changes with time, depending on the needs of the customers served. While the Health Information Systems segment does not currently include medical devices or pharmaceutical products, this may change in the future. Determinations of the safety and efficacy of our products are solely within the authority of the United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") or other applicable regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside the United States. United States In the United States, the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act authorizes the Food and Drug Administration to oversee and regulate the production, sale, and distribution of food, drugs, medical devices, and cosmetics. Medical Devices Solventum s medical devices are regulated by the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes depending on the degree of risk associated with the medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness: Class I (Low Risk), Class II (Moderate Risk), and Class III (High Risk). Class I: Class I medical devices are those where the General Controls for Medical Devices are sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Class II: Class II medical devices are where the General Controls for Medical Devices alone are insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of its safety and effectiveness and there is sufficient information to establish special controls, including the promulgation of performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries, development and dissemination of guidelines, recommendations, and other appropriate actions as the FDA Commissioner deems necessary to provide such assurance. Class III: Class III medical devices are intended to be used in supporting or sustaining human life or preventing impairment of human health, or that may present a potential unreasonable risk of illness or injury for which the General Controls for Medical Devices and special controls are insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of a device, or for which there is insufficient information to make such a determination. Class III devices typically require pre-market approval. Most medical devices are cleared by the FDA through the Pre-Market Notification, or 510(k), process. This process requires medical device manufacturers to demonstrate that their devices are as safe and effective as (i.e., substantially equivalent to) a legally marketed medical device. Pre-market notifications are required for most Class II and some Class I medical devices. Due to the level of risk associated with Class III devices, the FDA has determined that these devices require a pre-market approval (a " PMA " ). A PMA application is the most stringent type of marketing application required by the FDA. Typically, PMA submissions require the submission of human clinical trials to achieve FDA approval. Currently, none of the medical devices in Solventum s portfolio of products are Class III medical devices in the United States. Pharmaceutical Products Solventum s pharmaceutical products are regulated by the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. Generally, drugs are brought to the market through the New Drug Application ( " NDA " ) process or an Over-the-Counter ( " OTC " ) Monograph. Solventum s pharmaceutical products are brought to market through the NDA and OTC pathways. The NDA process typically begins with the completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and preclinical animal studies, which may need to be performed in accordance with the Good Laboratory Practices regulations, followed by the submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually. Before each clinical study may be initiated, an independent Institutional Review Board or ethics committee representing each clinical site must approve such study. The clinical studies must be adequate, well-controlled and conducted in accordance with Good Clinical Practice ( " GCP " ) requirements. After the completion of the clinical trials, an NDA is submitted to the FDA to demonstrate that a drug is safe and effective in its proposed use(s), the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks, the drug s proposed labeling (package insert) is appropriate, and 11 Table of Contents the methods used to manufacture the drug are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality, and purity. Following the completion of the clinical trials, the NDA process with the FDA generally involves the following: preparation of and submission to the FDA of an NDA; potential review of the product application by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate and if applicable; a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the application for review; satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities where the proposed product drug substance and drug product are produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Processes ("cGMP"), and audits of selected clinical trial sites to ensure compliance with GCP; and FDA review and approval of an NDA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug or biologic in the United States. A n OTC drug monograph is a type of " recipe book " covering acceptable ingredients, doses, formulations, labeling, and, in some cases, testing parameters. OTC drug monographs are continually updated to add additional ingredients and labeling as needed. Products conforming to a monograph may be marketed without FDA pre-approval. Under the OTC monograph system, selected OTC drugs are generally recognized as safe and effective and do not require the submission and approval of an NDA. The FDA OTC monographs include well-known ingredients and specific requirements for permitted indications, required warnings and precautions, allowable combinations of ingredients and dosage levels. Pharmaceutical products marketed under the OTC monograph system must conform to specific quality, formula and labeling requirements. Facilities where OTC drugs are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored or distributed must comply with cGMP regulations and/or regulations promulgated by the FDA or other competent authorities. OTC monograph products that do not comply with these standards can be deemed unapproved new drugs and can be required to be withdrawn from the market. European Union Medical Devices All medical devices that are placed on the market or put into service in the European Union must meet the requirements of the Medical Device Regulation. Manufacturers must demonstrate compliance to the requirements of the Medical Device Regulation, prior to affixing the CE Mark on the products and commercializing in the European Union. A CE Mark is a symbol placed on a product that declares that the product is compliant with the essential requirements of applicable health, safety and environmental protection regulation. Compliance to the Medical Device Regulation requires a manufacturer to demonstrate that its products comply with minimum standards of performance, safety, and quality, through a conformity assessment procedure that depends on the product s classification. The Medical Device Regulation describes four classes of medical devices: Class I (Lowest Risk), Class IIa, Class IIb, and Class III (Highest Risk). Classification is dependent on a variety of factors, including duration of use, whether the device is invasive or non-invasive, and whether the device is considered "active." Notified bodies are responsible for ensuring that manufacturers comply with the requirements of the Medical Device Regulation. Pharmaceutical Products The European Medicines Agency is responsible for regulating pharmaceutical products in the European Union. The European Medicines Agency implements a system similar to the U.S. FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and it is responsible for evaluating the quality, safety, and efficacy of drug products in the EU. If the European Medical Agency concludes that all requirements for efficacy, safety and quality are met, it issues a positive opinion that is forwarded to the European Commission and the European Commission makes the final decision on the granting of a marketing authorization. China The chief pharmaceutical product and medical device regulator in China is the National Medical Products Administration ("NMPA"), which enforces medical device and pharmaceutical product laws and regulations and standards and has the power to issue fines, seize products, withdraw or suspend an approval or a registration for serious non-compliances, and refer cases for criminal prosecution. These national laws and regulations are also supplemented by provincial and other local-level rules and enforcement policies. Medical Devices Locally manufactured medical devices gain market authorization through municipal authorities, while medical devices that are not manufactured in China are reviewed by the NMPA and must be accompanied by appropriate documentation showing that the device has been approved in its country of origin. 12 Table of Contents Medical devices are classified into three classes: Class I (Lowest Risk), Class II, and Class III (Highest Risk). Approved products are subject to post-market requirements for reporting adverse events and recalls, as well as regular risk assessments of devices and potentially re-evaluation reports of the safety and effectiveness of the device based on more significant safety signals. In addition to product licenses, manufacturing and distribution facilities that handle Class II and III devices require licenses or notifications and must comply with cGMP requirements and good supply practices. The NMPA regularly conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities in China (as part of a pre-market submission review, routine or for-cause inspections, or unannounced inspections) as well as periodic inspections of overseas manufacturers for compliance with China medical device cGMP requirements. The NMPA inspects distributors and user facilities and conducts annual national and provincial sampling inspections and testing to ensure compliance with labeling, licensing, mandatory standards, and other related requirements. In addition, the NMPA conducts regular and for-cause good clinical practice audits of clinical sites that provide data and clinical trial reports for product registration. Pharmaceutical Products Solventum s pharmaceutical products are strictly regulated by the NMPA and various provincial, city, and county regulators. Some of Solventum s pharmaceutical products require pre-market approval from the NMPA before they can be marketed in China, and those marketing applications must be supported by clinical data, which typically comes from a multi-phase study in China or by relying on clinical data generated abroad that meets the NMPA s requirements. Regulation on Advertising, Marketing, and Promotion The advertising, marketing, and promotion of Solventum s products must be truthful and non-misleading, consistent with applicable regulatory clearances and approvals, and supported by adequate and reasonable scientific data. Solventum typically is required to have a reasonable basis to support any factual marketing claims, and what constitutes a reasonable basis for substantiation can vary widely from market to market and from product to product. With limited exceptions, Solventum may not market, promote, or sell regulated products prior to regulatory authority clearance or approval. Regulatory authorities, including the FDA and other government bodies in the jurisdictions where Solventum markets its products, strictly regulate the indications for use and associated promotional safety and effectiveness claims that may be made about approved or cleared products. Data Privacy Laws Solventum is also subject to extensive laws and regulations protecting the privacy, security, and integrity of personal information, including patient medical information, that it receives, including, among others, the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, (the "HIPAA"), the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA"), and similar U.S. state laws, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (the "E.U. GDPR"), the United Kingdom s Data Protection Act 2018 (the "UK DPA") and the General Data Protection Regulation (the "U.K. GDPR"), and China s Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL"), and Personal Data Cross Border Transfer Rule ("CBDT"). Federal health information privacy laws, such as HIPAA, and consumer protection laws impose requirements for the collection, use, storage, access, transfer and protection of health-related and other sensitive and personal information, and failure to comply may result, such as with respect to any CCPA violations, in civil penalties. The CCPA has been amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), which came into effect, in most material respects, on January 1, 2023, and was most recently updated again in 2025. The most recent updates address cybersecurity audits, risk assessments, and automated decision-making technology. The E.U. GDPR and the U.K. GDPR and UK DPA, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the E.U. Member States and the United Kingdom governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze, store, transfer and otherwise process personal data, including health data and adverse event reporting. The E.U. GDPR contemplates fines for certain violations of up to four percent of global annual revenue or 20 million (or GBP 17.5 million under the U.K. GDPR), whichever is greater, and enforcement can include limits on data transfers to countries outside the E.U. or U.K. In China, Solventum is subject to PIPL, which applies to the secure processing of personal information of natural persons within China, and Solventum is also subject to CBDT for the processing of personal information outside China where the purpose is to provide products and services within China and the analysis or assessment of the activities of individuals within China. Consequences of non-compliance with PIPL may include monetary fines of up to five percent of the previous year s revenue, termination of data transfers and personal liability imposed on those directly responsible. Solventum is also subject to similar privacy and data protection frameworks in other developed and emerging markets. While Solventum utilizes industry standard processes, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (the "NIST") privacy framework and third-party management processes, to assess the potential impact of emerging laws and enforcement trends on its business and to mitigate potential impacts on its business, data privacy laws and regulations and their scope and enforcement are constantly evolving, and Solventum cannot predict what effect, if any, changes to these laws and regulations and Solventum s compliance with them may have on its business. 13 Table of Contents Global Healthcare Compliance The marketing, promotion, and sale of medical devices, drugs, and services is regulated by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and equivalent U.S. state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of the delivery of healthcare items and services. These include laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals, and healthcare fraud and abuse. Similar regulations are imposed at the state level, as well as in many global markets in which we do business. The U.S. FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies from promising to pay money or anything of value to any foreign official for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. These laws apply to many of Solventum s customer interactions, as healthcare professionals in other countries are or are often considered government officials, and in some cases lay out specific requirements of how to comply or demonstrate compliance with the legal requirements. Quality and Safety The FDA and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions regulate the facilities and operational procedures that Solventum uses to manufacture its products. Solventum is required to register its facilities with these authorities. Solventum s products are required to be manufactured in facilities that operate in accordance with current cGMPs. The FDA and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions periodically inspect Solventum s manufacturing facilities for compliance with cGMP or similar manufacturing standards in the applicable country. Solventum is also required to establish and follow quality systems to comply with certain post-market surveillance requirements, specifically those pertaining to adverse event reporting for medical devices and pharmaceuticals. For medical devices, Solventum is required to report deaths and serious injuries that a device may have caused or to which a device may have contributed. Solventum is also required to report certain device malfunctions. For pharmaceuticals, Solventum is required to report any undesirable event that is associated with the use of a drug or biological product in humans whether or not the events are considered to be product related. For both medical devices and pharmaceuticals, Solventum is required to establish and implement quality systems to comply with regulations pertaining to post-market surveillance. In addition, many of Solventum s products are subject to regulation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the "CPSC") under the Consumer Product Safety Act and other laws enforced by the CPSC. These statutes and related regulations establish safety standards and bans for consumer products. The CPSC monitors compliance of consumer products under its jurisdiction through market surveillance and has the authority to conduct product safety inspections of establishments where consumer products are manufactured, held or transported. The CPSC can require the recall of noncompliant products or products containing a defect that creates a substantial risk of injury to the public, and the CPSC may seek penalties for regulatory noncompliance under certain circumstances. CPSC regulations also require manufacturers of consumer products to report to the CPSC certain types of information regarding products that fail to comply with applicable regulations, contain a defect that could create a substantial product hazard or create an unreasonable risk of serious injury or death. Certain state laws also address the safety of consumer products and may mandate reporting or labeling requirements. Pricing Solventum s activities are subject to a variety of price control laws, regulations and government mandates in some of the markets in which it operates. In certain markets the pricing for certain of Solventum s products may be subject to prior approval, including in jurisdictions where Solventum s products are subject to government reimbursement, whereas in other markets Solventum may be able to set its own prices for its products subject to certain degrees of monitoring and control by the applicable governmental authority. Environmental, Health, and Safety Laws Solventum is subject to a broad range of federal, state, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations concerning environmental, health and safety matters. For a discussion of these laws and regulations, see the section titled "Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters." 14 Table of Contents Information about our Executive Officers Below is a list of the executive officers of the Company and other significant employees who are members of our leadership team. The respective age of each individual in the tables below is as of December 31, 2025. No family relationships exist among any of the executive officers named, nor is there any undisclosed arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. This information is presented in the table below as of the date of the 10-K filing (February 27, 2026). Name Age Position Bryan Hanson 59 Chief Executive Officer Wayde McMillan 56 Chief Financial Officer Heather Knight 54 Chief Commercial Officer Tammy Gomez 54 Chief Human Resources Officer Paul Harrington 57 Chief Supply Chain Officer Marcela Kirberger 59 Chief Corporate Legal Affairs Officer Amy Landucci 51 Chief Information Digital Officer The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of our executive officers. Bryan Hanson . Mr. Hanson has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Solventum since 2024 after serving as the Chief Executive Officer of 3M s Health Care Business Group from September 2023 to the Spin-Off. Mr. Hanson has also served as a director of Solventum since 2024. Previously, Mr. Hanson served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Zimmer Biomet, a global medical technology company with annual revenues over $7 billion, from May 2021 to August 2023, and as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Zimmer Biomet from December 2017 to August 2023. Previously, Mr. Hanson served as Executive Vice President and President, Minimally Invasive Therapies Group of Medtronic plc, a medical device company, from January 2015 until joining Zimmer Biomet in December 2017. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and Group President of Covidien plc, a medical device company, from October 2014 to January 2015; Senior Vice President and Group President, Medical Devices and United States of Covidien from October 2013 to September 2014; Senior Vice President and Group President of Covidien for the Surgical Solutions business from July 2011 to October 2013; and President of Covidien s Energy-based Devices business from July 2006 to June 2011. Mr. Hanson held several other positions of increasing responsibility in sales, marketing and general management with Covidien from October 1992 to July 2006. Mr. Hanson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from Florida State University. He also completed the Kellogg School of Management Finance for Executives program in 2010 and the Harvard Executive Education in Leadership program in 2013. Wayde McMillan . Mr. McMillan has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Solventum since 2024 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer of 3M s Health Care Business Group since November 2023. Previously, Mr. McMillan served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Insulet, a medical device company, from March 2019 to November 2023. From January 2015 to February 2019, he was Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance of the Minimally Invasive Therapies Group at Medtronic plc., a medical device company. From November 2006 to January 2015, prior to Medtronic s acquisition of Covidien plc, a medical device company, Mr. McMillan held a variety of leadership positions at Covidien, including Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance of the Medical Devices Group U.S., Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance of the Surgical Solutions Business Unit, and Vice President Finance and Controller of the Respiratory and Monitoring Solutions Business Unit. Mr. McMillan started his career in accounting, audit, financial analysis and investor relations positions at various institutions. Mr. McMillan earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Merrimack College and an MBA from Bentley University McCallum Graduate School of Business. Mr. McMillan currently serves on the board of directors of Hologic Inc. Heather Knight . Ms. Knight has served as Chief Commercial Officer of Solventum since November 2025. Ms. Knight has more than 30 years of experience in the healthcare industry. Prior to joining Solventum, she served as Chief Operating Officer of Baxter International, where she was responsible for global sales across three business segments, as well as research and development, supply chain, and medical and regulatory affairs. From 2019 to 2025, Ms. Knight held several senior leadership positions at Baxter, including interim Group President of its Medical Products and Therapies segment, Regional Division President, and Global Business Unit President for Medication Delivery, Clinical Nutrition and Acute Therapies. Earlier in her career, she held leadership roles in general management, upstream innovation, and commercial strategy at Medtronic plc, Covidien plc, Tyco International plc, and Kendall Healthcare Products Company. Ms. Knight earned her bachelor's degree in Biological Sciences from the University of Buffalo and completed the Executive Sales and Management program from the University of Chicago Booth School of Management. Ms. Knight currently serves on the board of directors of Waters Corporation. 15 Table of Contents Tammy Gomez . Ms. Gomez has served as the Chief Human Resources Officer of Solventum since 2024. Before joining Solventum, Ms. Gomez was Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer at Owens Minor from July 2022 to December 2023. After starting as a Corporate Audit Manager in 1999, she spent more than 20 years at Cardinal Health in various roles of increasing responsibility, including most recently leading its Global HR Center of Excellence HR Services team. She began her career in finance and worked with Prudential and General Motors. Ms. Gomez earned her Bachelor s degree in Business Administration and Management from the University of South Alabama. Paul Harrington. Mr. Harrington has served as the Chief Supply Chain Officer of Solventum since 2024. Mr. Harrington spent 10 years at Medtronic, from November 2013 to November 2023, where he was most recently Senior Vice President, Global Operations Innovation responsible for shaping, transforming and innovating across the global operations and supply chain function. He also previously served as Vice President Global Operations for the Restorative Therapies Group and Neuromodulation business unit. Prior to joining Medtronic, he was Vice President of Global Manufacturing at Covidien. Mr. Harrington earned his Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Kingston College. Marcela Kirberger . Ms. Kirberger has served as the Chief Corporate and Legal Affairs Officer and Corporate Secretary of Solventum since 2026, and was previously the Chief Legal Affairs Officer since 2024. Previously she served as the Chief Legal Affairs Officer of 3M s Health Care Business Group since November 2023. Previously, Ms. Kirberger was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Elanco, a pharmaceutical company in the animal health field, from June 2021 to November 2023, where she was responsible for the global strategy and operations of the legal function and had responsibility for Corporate Affairs, ESG and Enterprise Risk Management programs. Prior to joining Elanco, Ms. Kirberger held U.S., regional and global leadership roles within Fortune 500 life sciences companies, including as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Roche Diagnostics NA, a diagnostics company, from 2019 to 2021; and General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at Leica Microsystems GmbH, a global medical device manufacturer and subsidiary of Danaher Corporation, from 2017 to 2019. She also worked for the Novartis Group of Companies from 2006 to 2017 in different Novartis companies, including Gerber Products, Novartis Consumer Health, Novartis Pharmaceuticals and Sandoz International, where she was Global Head of Legal for Biopharma and before that, Global Chief Compliance Officer. Ms. Kirberger began her career as a securities litigator at Lowenstein Sandler in New Jersey. A native of Argentina, she earned her law degrees from Rutgers School of Law in Newark, New Jersey and the Catholic University of Argentina in Buenos Aires. Amy Landucci . Ms. Landucci has served as the Chief Information and Digital Officer of Solventum since 2024. Prior to joining Solventum, Ms. Landucci was Chief Digital and Technology Officer at Haleon from July 2022 until April 2024, where she led the technical carveout from GSK to form a standalone consumer healthcare company. Prior to the carveout, she spent five years from July 2017 until July 2022 at GSK and previously spent a decade at Novartis in a variety of roles. The first eight years of her career were in consulting with Accenture. Ms. Landucci has served on the Board of Directors for Healthy Women, the leading independent, non-profit health information source for women in the U.S. Ms. Landucci earned her Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Studies from Gustavus Adolphus College. Ethics and Governance All of Solventum's employees, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, are required to abide by Solventum s Code of Conduct to ensure that its business is conducted in a consistently legal and ethical manner. Solventum s Code of Conduct covers many topics, including antitrust and competition law, conflicts of interest, financial reporting, protection of confidential information, and compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of its business. Employees are required to report any conduct that they believe in good faith to be an actual or apparent violation of the Code of Conduct. Solventum Legal Affairs team maintains processes to receive, retain, and address concerns received from internal, external or anonymous sources. Solventum employs a team of experienced investigators who review the reported concerns and conduct investigations when necessary. Solventum maintains the confidentiality of reported concerns in accordance with legal requirements and in the best interest of the organization and those involved. Solventum does not tolerate retaliation for anyone who raises a genuine concern in good faith and educates employees on this policy. Information on how to submit any such communications can be found on Solventum s website, under "Ethics and Compliance." Solventum s Chief Compliance Officer has a direct reporting obligation to the Audit Committee and regularly reports to the Audit Committee on compliance with Solventum's Code of Conduct, including the effectiveness of Solventum's compliance program. See "Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Code of Ethics" for information about our Code of Ethics governing our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Solventum s Board of Directors has also implemented a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors of Solventum. This Code incorporates principles of conduct at Solventum and Solventum s Board of Directors are to follow to ensure Solventum s business, and the activities of Solventum s Board of Directors are conducted with integrity and adherence to the highest ethical standards, and in compliance with the law. Solventum s Code of Conduct for employees and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors are available on Solventum s website at www.solventum.com. 16 Table of Contents Additional Information Solventum s Internet address is www.solventum.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), are available on our website for free as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at sec.gov. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, before making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could cause a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them could in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. The risk factors described below are not necessarily presented in order of importance. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. See "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information." Risks Related to the Spin-Off and Solventum s Relationship with 3M Solventum s historical financial information for periods prior to the Spin-Off is not necessarily representative of the results or performance that it would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of its future results or performance. The historical financial information of Solventum for periods prior to the Spin-Off included in this Annual Report is derived from the Consolidated Financial Statements and accounting records of 3M. Accordingly, the financial information included herein does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that Solventum would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company during the periods prior to the Spin-Off or those that Solventum will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below: Prior to the Spin-Off, Solventum s working capital requirements and capital for its general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions, had historically been satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of 3M. Following the Spin-Off, Solventum s results of operations or cash flows may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions and therefore more volatile. Prior to the Spin-Off, 3M or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for Solventum s business such as information technology, legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, human resources, investor relations and finance. The financial results included in the historical financial information reflect allocations of corporate expenses from 3M for such functions, which may be less than the expenses that Solventum would have incurred had it operated as a separate, publicly traded company. Solventum may also be unable to replicate corporate functions that will operate with the same degree of effectiveness as the equivalent 3M functions from which the Solventum business had historically benefited. Solventum s business historically was integrated with the other businesses of 3M and benefited from 3M s economies of scope and scale in costs, employees, vendor relationships and customer relationships. While Solventum has sought to minimize the impact on its business when separating these arrangements, there is no guarantee these arrangements will continue to capture these benefits in the future. Additionally, Solventum may be unable to obtain similar arrangements, goods, services or technologies at prices or on terms as favorable as or to the same extent that 3M obtained them prior to the Spin-Off. Among other benefits, Solventum s business historically had access to 3M s extensive global research and development resources, which historically enhanced its ability to innovate, develop new products and technologies, and improve and update existing products and technologies. Solventum s lack of access to 3M s research and development resources may negatively impact it. The cost of capital for Solventum s business may be higher than 3M s cost of capital prior to the Spin-Off, and Solventum may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt 17 Table of Contents or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements in order to fund capital expenditures and investments, return capital to shareholders or service debt, which may or may not be available and may be more costly. Solventum s historical financial information for periods prior to the Spin-Off does not reflect the debt that Solventum incurred as part of the Spin-Off. Solventum has and will continue to incur costs in connection with the separation from 3M and the related transition agreements entered into with 3M. As an independent public company, Solventum is subject to public company reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, and is required to prepare its standalone financial statements according to the rules and regulations required by the SEC. Other significant changes may occur in Solventum s cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from 3M. Solventum may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Spin-Off. Solventum may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the Spin-Off, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The Spin-Off was designed to provide the following benefits to Solventum, among others: (1) the ability to pursue tailored capital allocation strategies and make company-specific investment decisions to drive innovation and growth; (2) enhanced management focus, with Solventum having a distinct board and management team with relevant expertise able to focus on strengthening its business; (3) improved operational agility and focus, enabling Solventum to pursue its distinct operating priorities and strategies with increased flexibility to act based on its unique characteristics, better positioning each for long-term success; (4) greater access to capital through the creation of a distinct and compelling investment profile appealing to a different long-term investor base from 3M; (5) independent equity currency, enabling Solventum to use its own industry-focused stock to consummate future acquisitions or other transactions; and (6) enhanced recruitment and retention, including by aligning employee, management and board incentives with performance. Solventum may not achieve these and other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (1) the operation of Solventum as a standalone public company continues to demand significant management resources and require significant amounts of management s time and effort, which may divert management s attention from operating and growing Solventum s business; (2) Solventum may continue to be required to pay costs that could be substantial and material to its financial resources, including costs associated with separating its operations from 3M and for related transition services, as well as increased accounting, tax, legal and other professional services costs; and (3) operational challenges as a standalone company, including those related to customer service, pace of change and productivity improvements, could result in additional expenses or reductions in productivity. If Solventum fails to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the Spin-Off, or if such benefits are delayed, it could have a material adverse effect on its competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Solventum s accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which it is subject to as a standalone publicly traded company following the Spin-Off. Solventum s financial results were previously included within the consolidated results of 3M. Solventum was not directly subject to the reporting and other requirements of the Exchange Act. As a result of the Spin-Off, Solventum is directly subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, including the requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and a report by its independent registered public accounting firm. These reporting and other obligations place significant demands on Solventum s management and administrative and operational resources, including accounting resources. To comply with these requirements, Solventum has needed to migrate its systems, including information technology systems and enterprise resource planning systems, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. Solventum has incurred and expects to incur additional annual expenses related to these steps, and those expenses may be significant. If Solventum is unable to implement appropriate financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, its ability to comply with its financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act could be impaired. In addition, implementation of management controls, reporting systems, information technology and procedures may result in additional material costs to Solventum. Any failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls in a timely, effective and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 18 Table of Contents In connection with the Spin-Off, Solventum incurred debt obligations and may incur additional obligations in the future, which could adversely affect its business and profitability and its ability to meet other obligations. In connection with the Spin-Off, Solventum completed certain financing transactions. As a result of such transactions and the subsequent repayment of debt with proceeds from the divestiture of the Purification and Filtration business, as of December 31, 2025, Solventum had approximately $5 billion of outstanding indebtedness. Depending on market or other economic conditions, Solventum could also incur additional indebtedness in the future. This significant amount of debt could potentially have important consequences to Solventum and its fixed income and equity investors, including: requiring a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to make interest payments; making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing; increasing its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow its business; limiting Solventum s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry; placing Solventum at a competitive disadvantage relative to its competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt; requiring Solventum to repatriate earnings to the U.S., causing withholding taxes to be applied, which in turn could increase Solventum s effective tax rate; and limiting Solventum s ability to raise additional capital or borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase ordinary shares. To the extent that Solventum incurs additional indebtedness, the foregoing risks could increase. In addition, Solventum s actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Its cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and Solventum may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance its debt. Solventum may not be able to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions following the Spin-Off. Under current U.S. federal income tax law, a spin-off that otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment can be rendered taxable to the parent corporation and its shareholders as a result of certain post-spin-off transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of the spun-off corporation. To preserve the tax-free treatment of the distribution and certain related transactions, and in addition to Solventum s indemnity obligation described below, the Tax Matters Agreement restricts Solventum, for the two-year period following the distribution, except in specific circumstances, from (1) entering into any transaction pursuant to which all or a portion of the shares of Solventum stock would be acquired, whether by merger or otherwise; (2) issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds; (3) repurchasing shares of Solventum stock other than in certain open-market transactions; and (4) ceasing to actively conduct certain of Solventum s businesses. Further, the Tax Matters Agreement imposes similar restrictions on Solventum and its subsidiaries that are intended to prevent certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization from failing to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code or for applicable non-U.S. income tax purposes. The Tax Matters Agreement also prohibits Solventum from taking or failing to take any other action that would prevent the distribution and certain related transactions (or certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization) from qualifying as tax-free transactions under applicable law. These restrictions may limit Solventum s ability to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions or other transactions that it may otherwise believe to be in the best interests of its shareholders or that might increase the value of its business. If the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Solventum, as well as its shareholders, could be subject to significant tax liabilities. In addition, if certain internal restructuring transactions were to fail to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal or non-U.S. income tax purposes, Solventum could be subject to significant tax liabilities. In certain circumstances, Solventum could be required to indemnify 3M for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the Tax Matters Agreement. It was a condition to the Spin-Off that (1) the private letter ruling received by 3M from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters relating to the Spin-Off, including the qualification of the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code," such qualification, "U.S. Tax-Free Status" and, such ruling, the "IRS Ruling") be valid; and (2) 3M received one or more opinions of 3M s tax advisors regarding U.S. Tax-Free Status (each, a "Tax Opinion"). The IRS Ruling is and any Tax Opinion were based upon and 19 Table of Contents rely on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of 3M and Solventum, including those relating to the past and future conduct of 3M and Solventum. If any of these representations, statements or undertakings are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, or if any representations or covenants contained in any of the separation-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the IRS Ruling and/or any Tax Opinion are inaccurate or not complied with by 3M, Solventum or any of their respective subsidiaries, the IRS Ruling and/or such Tax Opinion may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. Notwithstanding 3M s receipt of the IRS Ruling and any Tax Opinion, in each case, regarding U.S. Tax-Free Status, the IRS could determine that the distribution and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the IRS Ruling or such Tax Opinion was based are inaccurate or have not been complied with. In addition, the IRS Ruling does not address all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and any Tax Opinion represents the judgment of such advisor and is not binding on the IRS or any court and the IRS or a court may disagree with the conclusions in such Tax Opinion. Accordingly, notwithstanding 3M s receipt of the IRS Ruling and the Tax Opinion(s), in each case, regarding U.S. Tax-Free Status, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert that the Spin-Off and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. In the event the IRS were to prevail with such challenge, 3M, Solventum and their shareholders could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability. If the Spin-Off and certain related transactions were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 3M would recognize a taxable gain as if it had sold the Solventum common stock distributed to 3M shareholders in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and 3M shareholders who received Solventum common stock in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. Even if the distribution and certain related transactions otherwise qualify as generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 and Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, it may result in taxable gain to 3M (but not its shareholders) under Section 355(e) of the Code if the distribution were deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50 percent or greater interest (by vote or value) in 3M or Solventum. For this purpose, any acquisitions of 3M or Solventum shares within the period beginning two years before the Spin-Off and ending two years after the distribution are presumed to be part of such a plan, although 3M or Solventum may be able to rebut that presumption. The process for determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex, inherently factual in nature and subject to a comprehensive analysis of the facts and circumstances of the particular case. Notwithstanding the IRS Ruling and the Tax Opinion(s), a sufficient change in ownership of 3M or Solventum may occur that could result in a material tax liability to 3M. In addition, prior to the Spin-Off, 3M and its subsidiaries completed the internal reorganization, and 3M, Solventum and their respective subsidiaries incurred certain tax costs in connection with the internal reorganization, including non-U.S. tax costs resulting from transactions in non-U.S. jurisdictions, which may be material. With respect to certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization, 3M has requested and intends to obtain tax rulings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions and/or opinions of external tax advisors, in each case, regarding the tax treatment of such transactions. Such tax rulings and opinions will be based upon and rely on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of 3M, Solventum or their respective subsidiaries. If any of these representations or statements is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if 3M, Solventum or any of their respective subsidiaries do not fulfill or otherwise comply with any such undertakings or covenants, such tax rulings and/or opinions may be invalid or the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. Further, notwithstanding receipt of any such tax rulings and/or opinions, there can be no assurance that the relevant taxing authorities will not assert that the tax treatment of the relevant transactions differs from the conclusions reached in the relevant tax rulings and/or opinions. In the event any such tax rulings and/or opinions cannot be obtained or the relevant taxing authorities prevail with any challenge in respect of any relevant transaction, Solventum and 3M could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Under the Tax Matters Agreement that Solventum entered into with 3M, Solventum generally is required to indemnify 3M for any taxes resulting from the separation (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (1) an acquisition of all or a portion of Solventum s equity securities or assets, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether Solventum participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (2) other actions or failures to act by Solventum or (3) certain of Solventum s representations, covenants or undertakings being incorrect or violated. Any such indemnity obligations could be material. In addition, Solventum, 3M and each company s respective subsidiaries may have incurred certain tax costs in connection with the separation, which may be material. The transfer to Solventum of certain contracts, permits and other assets and rights may have required the consents or approvals of, or provide other rights to, third parties and governmental authorities. If such consents or approvals were not 20 Table of Contents obtained, Solventum may not be entitled to the full benefit of such contracts, permits and other assets and rights, which could increase its expenses or otherwise harm its business and financial performance. The Separation and Distribution Agreement provided that certain contracts, permits and other assets and rights were to be transferred from 3M or its subsidiaries to Solventum or its subsidiaries in connection with the separation. The transfer of certain of these contracts, permits and other assets and rights may have required consents or approvals of third parties or governmental authorities or provided other rights to third parties. In addition, in some circumstances, Solventum and 3M are joint beneficiaries of contracts, and Solventum and 3M may have needed the consents of third parties in order to split or separate the existing contracts or the relevant portion of the existing contracts to Solventum or 3M. Some parties may use consent requirements or other rights to seek to terminate contracts or obtain more favorable contractual terms from Solventum, which, for example, could take the form of price increases. This could require Solventum to expend additional resources in order to obtain the services or assets previously provided under the contract or require Solventum to seek arrangements with new third parties or obtain letters of credit or other forms of credit support. If Solventum is unable to obtain required consents or approvals, it may be unable to obtain the benefits, permits, assets and contractual commitments that are intended to be allocated to Solventum as part of the Spin-Off, and Solventum may be required to seek alternative arrangements to obtain services and assets that may be more costly and/or of lower quality. The termination or modification of these contracts or permits or the failure to timely complete the transfer or separation of these contracts or permits could negatively affect Solventum s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Following the Spin-Off, Solventum s commercial relationships with 3M remain significant, which could adversely affect Solventum s business, its ability to meet other obligations and the market price of its common stock. Following the Spin-Off, Solventum continues to have significant commercial relationships with 3M, including under the agreements that Solventum entered into with 3M in connection with the Spin-Off, which include the Separation and Distribution Agreement, a Transition Services Agreement, a Transition Distribution Services Agreement, a Transition Contract Manufacturing Agreement, Research and Development Master Services Agreements, Real Estate License Agreements, an Intellectual Property Cross License Agreement, a 3M Mark Use Agreement, a Transition Trademark License Agreement, Master Supply Agreements, a Tax Matters Agreement, an Employee Matters Agreement, and a Stockholder s and Registration Rights Agreement (collectively, the "3M Agreements"), as well as 3M s continued ownership of Solventum s common stock and the ownership of equity interests of 3M by certain officers and directors of Solventum. These commercial relationships could potentially have important consequences to Solventum and its investors, including: Solventum could be negatively affected if it is required to make material payments pursuant to its indemnification obligations to 3M such as with respect to certain taxes (and any related costs and other damages) resulting from the separation and/or for uninsured liabilities related to the Bair Hugger patient warming system under the Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other 3M Agreements. In addition, 3M s indemnity of Solventum with respect to certain liabilities relating to PFAS prior to Spin-Off may not be sufficient to protect Solventum against the full amount of such liabilities if, for example, 3M fails to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations or disputes whether that liability is subject to indemnification. If Solventum does not satisfactorily perform its obligations under the 3M Agreements, it may be held liable for any resulting losses suffered by 3M, subject to certain limits. In addition, during the transition support periods under the Transition Services Agreement, the Transition Distribution Services Agreement and the Transition Contract Manufacturing Agreement, Solventum s management and employees may be required to divert their attention away from its business in order to provide services to 3M. The terms of the 3M Agreements may be less beneficial to Solventum than the terms that would have resulted from arm s-length negotiations between unaffiliated third parties, because the 3M Agreements were prepared in the context of the Spin-Off while Solventum was still a wholly owned subsidiary of 3M and did not have an independent Board of Directors or a management team that was independent of 3M. Solventum may incur temporary interruptions in business operations if it cannot transition effectively from 3M s existing operating systems, databases and programming languages that support certain of its systems, including, for example, research and development s