=== WELL_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors below. Moreover, in light of certain arrangements that we may pursue with healthcare entities who are directly subject to laws and regulations pertaining to healthcare, and, given that certain of our arrangements are structured under the provisions of RIDEA, certain healthcare fraud and abuse laws and data privacy laws could apply directly to Welltower. See risk factor We assume operational and legal risks with respect to our properties managed in RIDEA structures that could have a material adverse effect on our business results of operations and financial condition in Item 1A - Risk Factors below. Licensing and Certification The primary regulations that affect seniors housing facilities are state licensing and certification laws. For example, certain healthcare facilities are subject to a variety of licensure and certificate of need ( CON ) laws and regulations. Where applicable, CON laws generally require, among other requirements, that a facility demonstrate the need for (i) constructing a new facility, (ii) adding beds or expanding an existing facility, (iii) investing in major capital equipment or adding new services, (iv) changing the ownership or control of an existing licensed facility or (v) terminating services that have been previously approved through the CON process. Certain state CON laws and regulations may restrict the ability of operators to add new properties or expand an existing facility s size or services. In addition, CON laws may constrain the ability of an operator to transfer responsibility for operating a particular facility to a new operator. With respect to licensure, generally our seniors housing and long-term/post-acute care facilities are required to be licensed by the applicable state-regulatory authority. The failure of our operators to maintain or renew any required license or regulatory approval as well as the failure of our operators to correct serious deficiencies identified in a compliance survey could require those operators to discontinue operations at a property and could result in suspension of new admissions or loss of licensure. Our entities are named on licenses for nearly all of the RIDEA portfolio and the loss of a license for one facility can require reporting in other jurisdictions. CON and licensure laws may limit the number of potential operators of our tenant healthcare facilities, which could reduce the value of such properties if put up for sale. Reimbursement The reimbursement methodologies applied to healthcare facilities continue to evolve. Federal and state authorities have considered and implemented and may continue seeking to implement new or modified reimbursement methodologies, including value-based reimbursement methodologies that may negatively impact healthcare property operations. Likewise, third-party payors may continue imposing greater controls on operators, including through changes in reimbursement rates and fee structures. The impact of any such changes, if implemented, may result in a material adverse effect on our portfolio. No assurance can be given that current revenue sources or levels will be maintained. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that payments under a government healthcare program are currently, or will be in the future, sufficient to fully reimburse the property operators for their operating and capital expenses. Seniors Housing Facilities The majority of the revenues received by the operators of U.S. seniors housing facilities are from private pay sources. The remaining revenue source is primarily Medicaid provided under state waiver programs for home and community-based care. There can be no guarantee that a state Medicaid program operating pursuant to a waiver will be able to maintain its waiver status. Rates paid by self-pay residents are set by the facilities and are determined by local market conditions and operating costs. Generally, facilities receive a higher payment per day for a private pay resident than for a Medicaid beneficiary who requires a comparable level of care. The level of Medicaid reimbursement varies from state to state. Thus, the revenues generated by operators of our assisted living facilities may be adversely affected by payor mix, acuity level or changes in Medicaid eligibility and reimbursement levels. The recently-passed One Big Beautiful Bill Act or OBBBA may impact the availability of Medicaid reimbursement but may also expand the availability of states to obtain waivers for home and community based services, as discussed below. Long-Term/Post-Acute Care Facilities The majority of the revenues received by the operators of these facilities are from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, with the balance representing reimbursement payments from private payors and patients. Consequently, changes in federal or state reimbursement policies may adversely affect an operator s ability to cover its expenses, including our rent or debt service. Long-term/post-acute care facilities are subject to periodic pre- and post-payment reviews and other audits by federal and state authorities. A review or audit of a property operator s claims could result in recoupments, denials or delay of payments in the future. Due to the significant judgments and estimates inherent in payor settlement accounting, no assurance can be given as to the adequacy of any reserves maintained by our property operators to cover potential adjustments to reimbursements or to cover settlements made to payors. Medicare Reimbursement Generally, long-term/post-acute care facilities are reimbursed by Medicare under prospective payment systems, which generally provide reimbursement based on a predetermined fixed amount per episode of care and are updated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ), an agency of the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) annually. There is a risk under these payment systems that costs will exceed the fixed payments, or that payments may be set below the costs to provide certain items and services. The HHS Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) has released recommendations to address skilled nursing facility ( SNF ) billing practices and Medicare payment rates, which may impact our tenants and operators. In June 2023, CMS began 8 publishing additional information regarding Medicare-certified nursing homes with common owners and operators. This information makes it easier for stakeholders (such as state licensing officials, state and federal law enforcement and researchers) and the public to identify common owners of nursing homes across different nursing home locations. The information also allows for greater accessibility to information regarding facilities performance and any common ownership links among facilities with poor performance. CMS has also increased scrutiny and oversight over the country s poorest performing nursing facilities through the Special Focus Facility Program, now publishing monthly updates to its Special Focus Facility List, which highlights facilities with a history of serious quality of care issues, and is increasing enforcement actions against facilities that fail to demonstrate improvement, including denial of payment and potential loss of Medicare certification. Additionally, CMS ties a portion of SNF Medicare reimbursement to the SNF Value-Based Purchasing Program ( SNF VBP ). While the SNF VBP only considered one quality measure in the FY 2025 Program Year, the SNF VBP will consider four quality measures in the FY 2026 Program Year. This may impact the reimbursement levels and public perception of our SNF tenants and operators. Medicaid Reimbursement Many states reimburse nursing facilities using fixed daily rates, which are applied prospectively based on patient acuity and the historical costs incurred in providing patient care. In most states, Medicaid does not fully reimburse the cost of providing services. Certain states are attempting to slow the rate of Medicaid growth by freezing rates or restricting eligibility and benefits. In addition, Medicaid reimbursement rates may decline if state revenues in a particular state are not sufficient to fund budgeted expenditures. Further, in 2025, Congress passed and the President signed Public Law No. 119-21, OBBBA into law. The OBBBA included a number of changes which are anticipated to reduce the size of the Medicaid eligible population including work requirements for certain Medicaid recipients and caps on the value of assets, such as homes, that Medicaid recipients may own while qualifying for Medicaid coverage and otherwise decrease the amount of Medicaid spending including shortening the length of retroactive Medicaid coverage and reducing states ability to tax Medicaid providers to fund state contributions to Medicaid as compared to prior law. Reductions in the Medicaid population and in Medicaid rates could reduce the revenue and operating margins of tenants and operators of nursing facilities. Skilled Nursing Facility and Nursing Facility Compliance Program Guidance In November 2024, OIG published industry segment-specific compliance program guidance for Skilled Nursing Facilities and Nursing Facilities to develop, implement and maintain effective compliance and quality programs, identify and mitigate risks, ensure compliance with federal regulations and improve the quality of care and safety for residents. This is the first of a series of compliance program guidance that OIG plans to issue for different healthcare sectors and reflects OIG s findings and observations from its work on matters involving nursing facilities as well as its current enforcement priorities and stakeholder interactions. The guidance identifies key risk areas for the industry, including a detailed, industry-specific discussion of eight AKS risk areas for nursing facilities and provides recommendations for minimizing conflicts of interest in nursing facility pharmaceutical decisions. OIG may publish guidance as to other entity types in the future or revise its guidance for SNFs and Nursing Facilities. Health Reform Laws Certain health reform measures could be implemented as a result of political, legislative, regulatory and administrative developments and judicial proceedings. In 2024, as part of President Biden s nursing home reform initiative, CMS issued a Final Rule establishing minimum staffing standards for long-term care facilities that would have required enhanced minimum nurse staffing levels. However, on December 2, 2025, HHS and CMS announced repeal of the Final Rule. CMS continues to require the disclosure of certain ownership and managerial information regarding Medicare SNFs and Medicaid NFs, including updates to identify REIT ownership of SNFs. The OBBBA, as discussed above, may affect both the size of the Medicaid population and reimbursement per Medicaid beneficiary. We cannot predict whether the existing Health Reform Laws, the results of the 2026 Congressional elections and potential subsequent developments, or future healthcare reform legislation, executive orders or regulatory changes, will have a material impact on our operators or tenants property or business. In addition, in 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion holding that courts reviewing agency action pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act must exercise their independent judgment and may not defer to an agency interpretation of the law simply because a statute is ambiguous. The decision will have a significant impact on how lower courts evaluate challenges to agency interpretations of law, including those by the CMS and other agencies with significant oversight of the healthcare industry. The new framework is likely to increase both the frequency of such challenges and their odds of success by eliminating one way in which the government previously prevailed in such cases. As a result, significant regulatory policies may be subject to increased litigation and judicial scrutiny. Any resulting changes in regulation may result in unexpected delays, increased costs or other negative impacts on our operators or tenants property or business that are difficult to predict. Medicare Reimbursement for Physicians, Hospital Outpatient Departments ( HOPDs ) and Ambulatory Surgical Centers ( ASCs ) Changes in reimbursement to physicians, HOPDs and ASCs may further affect our tenants and operators. Generally, Medicare reimburses physicians under the Physician Fee Schedule, while HOPDs and ASCs are reimbursed under prospective payment systems. The Physician Fee Schedule and the HOPD and ASC prospective payment systems are updated annually by CMS. These annual Medicare payment regulations have resulted in lower net pay increases than providers of those services have often expected. In addition, the Medicare and Children s Health Insurance 9 Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 ( MACRA ) includes payment reductions for providers who do not meet government quality standards. The implementation of pay-for-quality models like those required under MACRA, has the potential to produce funding disparities that could adversely impact some provider tenants in outpatient medical buildings and other healthcare properties. Changes in Medicare Advantage plan payments may also indirectly affect our operators and tenants that contract with Medicare Advantage plans. Fraud Abuse Enforcement Long-term/post-acute care facilities (and seniors housing facilities that receive Medicaid payments) are subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations and applicable guidance that govern the operations and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. Certain of these laws, such as the AKS and Stark Law, prohibit direct or indirect payments of any kind for the purpose of inducing or encouraging the referral of patients for medical products or services reimbursable by government healthcare programs. Other government health program laws require providers to furnish only medically necessary services and submit to the government valid and accurate statements for each service. Our operators and tenants that receive payments from federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, are subject to substantial financial penalties under the Civil Monetary Penalties Act and the FCA upon a finding of noncompliance with such laws. In 2024, CMS issued a Final Rule that expanded CMS enforcement authority for imposing civil money penalties ( CMPs ) and strengthens nursing home enforcement regulations by expanding the number and types of CMPs that CMS can impose on long-term care facilities. In addition, states may also have separate false claims acts, which, among other things, generally prohibit healthcare providers from filing false claims or making false statements to receive payments. Federal and state FCAs contain whistleblower provisions that permit private individuals to bring healthcare fraud enforcement claims on behalf of the government, known as qui tam provisions. At least one federal judge has held that federal qui tam provisions are unconstitutional, though other qui tam cases continue nationwide. Still other laws require providers to comply with a variety of safety, health and other requirements relating to the condition of the licensed property and the quality of care provided. Sanctions for violations of these laws, regulations and other applicable guidance may include, but are not limited to, criminal and/or civil penalties and fines, loss of licensure, immediate termination of government payments, exclusion from any government healthcare program, damage assessments and imprisonment. In certain circumstances, violation of these rules (such as those prohibiting abusive and fraudulent behavior) with respect to one property may subject other facilities under common control or ownership to sanctions, including exclusion from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, as well as other government healthcare programs and revocation of healthcare licenses. In the ordinary course of its business, a property operator is regularly subjected to inquiries, investigations and audits by the federal and state agencies that oversee these laws and regulations. Prosecutions, investigations or whistleblower actions could have a material adverse effect on a property operator s liquidity, financial condition and operations, which could adversely affect the ability of the operator to meet its financial obligations to us. In addition, government investigations and enforcement actions brought against the healthcare industry have increased over the past several years and may continue. The costs for an operator of a healthcare property associated with both defending such enforcement actions and the undertakings in settling these actions can be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us. In addition, we could potentially be directly subject to these healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as potential investigation or enforcement, as a result of our RIDEA-structured arrangements and certain collaboration or other arrangements we may pursue with stakeholders who are directly subject to these laws. Federal and State Data Privacy and Security Laws The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, and its implementing regulations ( HIPAA ) and numerous other state and federal laws govern the collection, security, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality of personal information, including individually identifiable health information. These laws also may require a business to issue notifications in the event of the data breach. Where applicable, we often rely on management companies and tenants to comply with these laws, violations of which may result in regulatory scrutiny, lawsuits or substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties, including regulatory consent orders. The costs to a business such as ours or to an operator of a healthcare property associated with developing and maintaining programs and systems to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws, defending against privacy and security related claims or enforcement actions and paying any assessed fines, can be substantial. Moreover, such costs could have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us. Finally, data privacy and security laws and regulations continue to develop, including with regard to HIPAA, privacy and security standards enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, and U.S. state privacy laws governing consumer personal data and consumer health data. Comprehensive consumer data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, are in effect. Consumer health data-focused privacy laws, such as the Washington My Health My Data Act and Nevada s consumer health data privacy law, are also in effect. Furthermore, many states have introduced legislation that would revise or implement new such laws, and many states have promulgated regulations, which continue to evolve, to implement existing legislation. States have also passed and proposed new statutes and regulations that may affect the use of artificial intelligence in healthcare. As we use data to better inform our investments and the efficacy of care in our communities and as we and our tenants and operators consider whether to invest in new tools, these developments may add potential uncertainty and costs towards compliance obligations, business operations or transactions that depend on data. These evolving privacy laws may create restrictions or 10 requirements in our, our operators and other business partners use, sharing and retention of data and use of artificial intelligence tools. New privacy and security laws could require substantial investment in resources to comply with regulatory changes as privacy and security laws proliferate in divergent ways or impose additional obligations and potentially create new privacy related legal risks. United Kingdom In the U.K., care home services are principally regulated by the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (as amended) and other key legislation including the Health and Care Act 2022 and relevant regulations at a UK-nation-level, such as the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014 (as amended) for England, and equivalent regulations for the other UK nations (Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland). This legislation subjects service providers to a number of legally binding Fundamental Standards and requires, among other things, that all persons responsible for carrying out Regulated Activities in the U.K., and the managers of such persons, be registered with the relevant regulatory body with competence over the locations where Regulated Activities are conducted. The relevant regulatory body for England is the Care Quality Commission, for Wales is the Care Inspectorate Wales (and for some regulated activities, Healthcare Improvement Scotland) and for Northern Ireland is the Regulation and Quality Improvement Authority (each a Relevant Regulatory Body ). Regulated Activities include provision of accommodation for persons who require nursing, and also, treatment of disease, disorder or injury. Relevant Regulatory Bodies regulate the health and social care services industry, conduct inspections, issue reports, and take enforcement action to ensure compliance. With respect to our senior housing facilities (care homes) in the UK, care services are delivered by our operators, who own the assets (equipment, leases, patient-relationships) and third-party operators, who are responsible for staff management at the facilities. Both our operators and third-party operators must be registered with the relevant Regulatory Bodies (depending on the locations of our facilities) for their activities at these facilities. Failures in compliance increase reputational and enforcement risks. Relevant Regulatory Body inspection reports are published on the Relevant Regulatory Body s website, making them publicly accessible. If a provider regulated by the CQC receives a Requires Improvement or Inadequate rating or an equivalent rating from the Relevant Regulatory Body in another UK nation they are required to develop and implement a remediation plan. The provider must address the identified issues and achieve compliance within a timeframe agreed upon with the Relevant Regulatory Body. Failure to do so may result in enforcement actions, including suspension or withdrawal of registration or statutory penalties. The Department of Health and Social Care is responsible for the provision of care services for seniors in England, and equivalent Government Departments in other UK nations are responsible for the provision of care services in their jurisdictions, primarily through local commissioning bodies ( Local Authorities ), which contract with care home providers within their jurisdictions. Many of our senior housing facilities in the UK have been contracted by Local Authorities to provide care home services. Residents placed by a Local Authority under these arrangements are either fully government-funded or eligible for a government subsidy. Residents at our care homes outside these arrangements are exclusively private pay. Under arrangements with Local Authorities, we are required to comply with contractual standards that are generally aligned with Relevant Regulatory Body requirements. Local Authorities conduct their own inspections to assess compliance. If we or our operators are found to be non-compliant, this may result in termination risks under our agreements with Local Authorities. However, in most cases, a remediation plan will be agreed upon, and ongoing monitoring may be required until compliance is achieved. Providers of care home services are also subject (as data controllers) to laws governing their use of personal data (including in relation to their employees, clients and recipients of their services). These laws currently take the form of the U.K. s Data Protection Act 2018, the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulation 2003 (collectively U.K. DP Laws ). U.K. DP Laws impose a significant number of obligations on controllers with the potential for fines of up to 4% of annual worldwide turnover or 17.5 million, whichever is greater. The U.K. DP Laws are subject to incremental change with the introduction of the Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 ( DUAA ). One of the most significant changes due to DUAA is the closer alignment of regulatory enforcement (including the level of fines) between the U.K. GDPR and PECR. The U.K. DP Laws may create restrictions or requirements in our operators; and other business partners use, sharing and retention of data. These include notification to the regulator and individuals in the event of a personal data breach which meets certain thresholds, and an annual registration fee for each entity operating a care home. The costs to a business such as ours or to an operator of a healthcare property associated with developing and maintaining programs and systems to comply with the U.K. DP Laws, including any related claims, requests and regulatory enforcement actions can be substantial. 11 Organizations incorporated in or carrying on a business in the U.K., as well as individuals who are British citizens or residing in the U.K., are also subject to the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 ( UKBA ). Importantly, the UKBA created a corporate offense of failure to prevent bribery. Similarly, the failure to prevent model applies in respect of the corporate failure to prevent the facilitation of (UK and/or foreign) tax evasion, pursuant to the Criminal Finances Act 2017. In relation to the UK tax offense, any organization, wherever it is formed or operates can fall into scope. Where non-UK tax is evaded, an organization, wherever it is formed or operates can fall into scope. Where non-UK tax is evaded, an organization is in scope where there is a connection to the UK. Finally, since September 1, 2025, the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 has criminalized corporate failure, by large organizations (A large organization is defined by meeting two of the three following criteria: turnover of more than 36 million; balance sheet total of more than 18 million; and more than 250 employees), to prevent fraud. All three corporate failure to prevent offenses are strict liability offenses, subject to a prevention procedures defense. Organizations that carry on business in the U.K. supply goods or services, and have a turnover of 36 million or more are subject to corporate reporting requirements under the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015. In accordance with the Act, Welltower publishes on its website a statement setting out the steps it has taken during the most recent financial year to prevent modern slavery and trafficking in its business and supply chains. Under U.K. occupational health and safety legislation, all employers are subject to a general duty of care to protect their employees and others (which in the case of care homes includes residents and visitors) from harm arising from their work activities, as well as a wide range of more prescriptive duties and responsibilities (including under some environmental legislation). Failure to comply with U.K. health and safety or environmental legislation is a strict liability offense. The U.K. has national minimum wage legislation with a maximum fine for non-payment of 20,000 per worker and employers who fail to pay will be banned from being a company director for up to 15 years. Further, all employers in the U.K. are subject to strict immigration law rules under the Immigration Act 1971 which require them to ensure that all of their employees and workers have the right to work in the U.K. Material failures in this respect can lead to criminal liability. Also of relevance are the Agency Worker Regulations 2010 under with Agency Workers have a right to receive the same pay as comparator employees once they have been providing services for 12 weeks or more. Finally, from October 2024, employers in the U.K. have been under a proactive duty to take reasonable steps to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace. Failures in this respect can lead to adverse Employment Tribunal findings and compensation awards as well as investigation and enforcement action from the Equality Human Rights Commission. Canada Senior living residences in Canada are provincially regulated. Within each province, there are different categories for senior living residences that are generally based on the level of care sought and/or required by a resident (e.g. assisted or retirement living, senior living residences, residential care or long-term care). In some of these categories and depending on the province, residences may be government funded, or the individual residents may be eligible for a government subsidy, while other residences are exclusively private pay. The governing legislation and regulations vary by province, but generally the object of the laws is to set licensing requirements and minimum standards for senior living residences and regulate operations. These laws empower regulators in each province to take a variety of steps to ensure compliance, conduct inspections, issue reports and generally regulate the industry. Ontario s health privacy law, the Personal Health Information Act, 2004, was amended in 2024 to give Ontario s health privacy regulator the ability to issue administrative monetary penalties up to CAD $ 50,000 (for natural persons) or CAD $500,000 (for all other persons). In September 2021, the province of Quebec adopted significant amendments to its privacy legislation (each of which are now in effect), including a new enforcement scheme with significant penalties and fines: up to CAD $10 million or 2% of global turnover (whichever is greater) for administrative monetary penalties and up to CAD $25 million or 4% of global turnover for penal fines. Quebec also enacted the Act respecting health and social services information, which came into force on July 1, 2024. The Act regulates the processing of personal health information by various health-related entities, including private seniors residences. Quebec s private sector privacy law does not apply to health and social services information if the Act respecting health and social services information applies. The Act respecting health and social services information also contains penal provisions for contravention to certain obligations. These fines depend on the nature of the violation, but range between CAD $1,000 to CAD $10,000 and CAD $5,000 to CAD $100,000 (for natural persons) and CAD $3,000 to CAD $30,000 and between CAD $15,000 and CAD $150,000 (for all other persons). Minimum and maximum fines may be doubled for second offenses and tripled for third and subsequent offenses. Taxation The following summary of the taxation of the Company and the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the holders of the equity of the Company and the debt securities of the Company and Welltower OP is for general information only and is not tax advice. This summary does not address all aspects of taxation that may be relevant to certain types of holders of stock or securities (including, but not limited to, insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, financial institutions or broker-dealers, persons holding shares of common stock as part of a hedging, integrated conversion, or constructive sale transaction or a straddle, traders in securities that use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities, investors in pass-through entities and non-U.S. corporations and persons who are not citizens or residents of the U.S.). 12 This summary does not discuss all of the aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to you in light of your particular investment or other circumstances. In addition, this summary does not discuss any state or local income taxation or non-U.S. income taxation or other non-U.S. tax consequences. This summary is based on current U.S. federal income tax laws. Subsequent developments in U.S. federal income tax law, including changes in law or differing interpretations, which may be applied retroactively, could have a material effect on the U.S. federal income tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of our securities as set forth in this summary. Before you purchase our securities, you should consult your own tax advisor regarding the particular U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. and other tax consequences of acquiring, owning and selling our securities. General On April 1, 2022, the company formerly known as Welltower Inc. ( Old Welltower ), became a wholly-owned subsidiary of WELL Merger Holdco Sub Inc. in a transaction intending to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the Reorganization ). In connection with the Reorganization, Old Welltower changed its name to Welltower OP Inc., WELL Merger Holdco Sub Inc. changed its name to Welltower Inc. and Old Welltower became a qualified REIT subsidiary of the Company. Effective on May 24, 2022, Welltower OP Inc. converted from a Delaware corporation into a Delaware limited liability company named Welltower OP LLC. Prior to the Reorganization, Old Welltower elected to be taxed as a REIT and was organized and operated in a manner intended to qualify as a REIT. As a result of the Reorganization, the Company is treated as a continuation of Old Welltower for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We have been organized and operated in a manner intended to qualify as a REIT and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner as to qualify as a REIT, but there can be no assurance that we will qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. Qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet a variety of qualification tests imposed under U.S. federal income tax law with respect to our income, assets, distributions and share ownership, as discussed below under Qualification as a REIT. In any year in which we qualify as a REIT, in general, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on that portion of our REIT taxable income or capital gain that is distributed to stockholders. We may, however, be subject to tax at normal corporate rates on any taxable income or capital gain not distributed. If we elect to retain and pay income tax on our net capital gain, stockholders would be taxed on their proportionate shares of our undistributed net capital gain and would receive a refundable credit for their shares of any taxes paid by us on such gain. Despite qualifying as a REIT, we may be subject to U.S. federal income and excise tax as follows: To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our REIT taxable income, as adjusted, we will be subject to tax on the undistributed amount at regular corporate tax rates If we have net income from the sale or other disposition of foreclosure property that is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or other non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, such income will be taxed at the highest corporate rate Any net income from prohibited transactions (which are, in general, sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, other than dispositions of foreclosure property) will be subject to a 100% tax If we fail to satisfy either the 75% or 95% gross income tests (as discussed below), but nonetheless maintain our qualification as a REIT because certain other requirements are met, we will be subject to a 100% tax on an amount equal to (1) the gross income attributable to the greater of (i) 75% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 75% gross income test (discussed below) or (ii) 95% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 95% gross income test (discussed below) multiplied by (2) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability If we fail to distribute during each year at least the sum of (i) 85% of our REIT ordinary income for the year, (ii) 95% of our REIT capital gain net income for such year (other than capital gain that we elect to retain and pay tax on) and (iii) any undistributed taxable income from preceding years, we will be subject to a 4% excise tax on the excess of such required distribution over amounts actually distributed; and We will be subject to a 100% tax on certain amounts from certain transactions involving our taxable REIT subsidiaries that are not conducted on an arm s length basis. See Investments in Taxable REIT Subsidiaries. We have acquired assets from C corporations in carryover basis transactions and may do so again in the future. A C corporation is generally defined as a corporation that is required to pay full corporate level U.S. federal income tax. If we recognize gain on the disposition of such assets during the five-year period beginning on the date on which the assets were acquired by us, then, to the extent of the assets built-in gain (e.g., the excess of the fair market value of the asset over the adjusted tax basis of the asset, in each case determined as of the beginning of the five-year period), we will be subject to tax on the gain at the highest regular corporate rate applicable. The results described in this paragraph with respect to the recognition of built-in gain assume that the C corporation did not make and was not treated as making an election to treat the built-in gain 13 assets as sold to an unrelated party on the date they were acquired by us. For our assets that are subject to the built-in gains tax, the potential amount of built-in gains tax will be an additional factor when considering a possible sale of such assets within the five-year period beginning on the date on which the assets were acquired by us. See Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the built-in gains tax. Qualification as a REIT A REIT is defined as a corporation, trust or association: (1) which is managed by one or more trustees or directors; (2) the beneficial ownership of which is evidenced by transferable shares or by transferable certificates of beneficial interest; (3) which would be taxable as a domestic corporation but for the U.S. federal income tax law relating to REITs; (4) which is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company; (5) the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons in each taxable year of the REIT except for its first taxable year; (6) not more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned during the last half of each taxable year, excluding its first taxable year, directly, indirectly or constructively, by or for five or fewer individuals (which includes certain entities) (the Five or Fewer Requirement ); and (7) which meets certain income and asset tests described below. Conditions (1) to (4), inclusive, must be met during the entire taxable year and condition (5) must be met during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. For purposes of condition (6), pension funds and certain other tax-exempt entities are treated as individuals, subject to a look-through exception in the case of certain pension funds. Based on publicly available information, we believe we have satisfied the share ownership requirements set forth in (5) and (6) above. In addition, Article VI of our by-laws provides for restrictions regarding ownership and transfer of shares. These restrictions are intended to assist us in continuing to satisfy the share ownership requirements described in (5) and (6) above but may not ensure that we will, in all cases, be able to satisfy such requirements. We have complied with, and will continue to comply with, tax regulatory rules to send annual letters to certain of our stockholders requesting information regarding the actual ownership of our stock. If, despite sending the annual letters, we do not know, or after exercising reasonable diligence would not have known, whether we failed to meet the Five or Fewer Requirement, we will be treated as having met the Five or Fewer Requirement. If we fail to comply with these tax regulatory rules, we will be subject to a monetary penalty. If our failure to comply were due to intentional disregard of the requirement, the penalty would be increased. However, if our failure to comply were due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect, no penalty would be imposed. For purposes of the REIT income and asset tests our assets and income will include any asset owned and any income earned directly or indirectly through a disregarded entity, including a qualified REIT subsidiary, and a proportionate share of the assets of, and any income earned through, any entity we own that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including Welltower OP. A corporation will qualify as a qualified REIT subsidiary if 100% of its stock is owned by a REIT, and the REIT does not elect to treat the subsidiary as a taxable REIT subsidiary. We will own substantially all of our assets and earn substantially all of our income through Welltower OP and its direct or indirect subsidiaries. Prior to the LLC Conversion, Welltower OP was treated as a qualified REIT subsidiary, provided that we qualified as a REIT during this period. After the LLC Conversion, Welltower OP became a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and was treated as a disregarded entity until additional regarded members were admitted to Welltower OP, at which time Welltower OP became a regarded entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Although we intend for any partnership in which we have acquired or will acquire an interest, directly or indirectly (a Subsidiary Partnership ), to operate in a manner consistent with the requirements for our qualification as a REIT, we will be an indirect limited partner or non-managing member in some of the Subsidiary Partnerships. Though we nonetheless expect that all such Subsidiary Partnerships will be required to operate in a manner consistent with the requirements for our qualification as a REIT, if a Subsidiary Partnership in which we own an interest but do not have control takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity. In addition, it is possible that a Subsidiary Partnership could take an action which could cause us to fail a gross income or asset test and that we would not become aware of such action in time for us to dispose of our interest in the Subsidiary Partnership or take other corrective action on a timely basis. In that case, we could fail to qualify as a REIT unless we were able to qualify for a statutory REIT savings provision, which could require us to pay a significant penalty tax to maintain our REIT qualification. 14 Income Tests There are two separate percentage tests relating to our sources of gross income that we must satisfy each taxable year: At least 75% of our gross income (excluding gross income from certain sales of property held primarily for sale) generally must be directly or indirectly derived each taxable year from rents from real property, dividends or other distributions on, and gain (other than gain from prohibited transactions) from the sale or other disposition of, REIT shares, mortgages on real property, other income from investments relating to real property or certain income from qualified temporary investments (the 75% gross income test ). At least 95% of our gross income (excluding gross income from certain sales of property held primarily for sale) generally must be directly or indirectly derived each taxable year from any of the sources qualifying for the 75% gross income test and from dividends (including dividends from taxable REIT subsidiaries) and interest (the 95% gross income test ). Income from hedging and non-U.S. currency transactions is excluded from the 95% and 75% gross income tests if certain requirements are met but otherwise will constitute gross income which does not qualify under the 95% or 75% gross income tests. Rents received by us will qualify as rents from real property for purposes of satisfying the gross income tests for a REIT only if several conditions are met: The amount of rent must not be based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person, although rents generally will not be excluded merely because they are based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales. Rents received from a tenant will not qualify as rents from real property if the REIT, or an owner of 10% or more of the REIT, directly or constructively owns 10% or more of the tenant, unless the tenant is our taxable REIT subsidiary and certain other requirements are met with respect to the real property being rented. If rent attributable to personal property leased in connection with a lease of real property is greater than 15% of the total rent received under the lease, then the portion of rent attributable to such personal property will not qualify as rents from real property. For rents to qualify as rents from real property, we generally must not furnish or render services to tenants, other than through a taxable REIT subsidiary or an independent contractor from whom we derive no income, except that we may directly provide services that are usually or customarily rendered in the geographic area in which the property is located in connection with the rental of real property for occupancy only or are not otherwise considered rendered to the occupant for the occupant s convenience. We may lease qualified healthcare properties on an arm s-length basis to a taxable REIT subsidiary if the property is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person that qualifies as an independent contractor and that is, or is related to a person that is, actively engaged in the trade or business of operating healthcare facilities for any person unrelated to us or our taxable REIT subsidiary (such person, an eligible independent contractor ). If this is the case, the rent that the REIT receives from the taxable REIT subsidiary generally will be treated as rents from real property. A qualified healthcare property includes any real property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility that extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients and is operated by a provider of such services that is eligible for participation in the Medicare program with respect to such facility. A REIT is permitted to render a de minimis amount of impermissible services to tenants of a property and still treat rents received with respect to that property as rent from real property. The amount received or accrued by the REIT during the taxable year for the impermissible services with respect to a property may not exceed 1% of all amounts received or accrued by the REIT directly or indirectly from the property. The amount received for any service or management operation for this purpose shall be deemed to be not less than 150% of the direct cost of the REIT in furnishing or rendering the service or providing the management or operation. Furthermore, impermissible services may be furnished to tenants by a taxable REIT subsidiary subject to certain conditions, which would permit us to still treat rents received with respect to the property as rent from real property. The term interest generally does not include any amount if the determination of the amount depends in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person, although an amount generally will not be excluded from the term interest solely by reason of being based on a fixed percentage of receipts or sales or by reason of being based on the income or profits of a debtor which derives substantially all of its income with respect to the property securing such debt from the leasing of substantially all of such property to tenants, to the extent that the rents paid by the tenants would qualify as rents from real property if the Company earned such amounts directly. If we fail to satisfy one or both of the 75% or 95% gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for such year if we are eligible for certain relief provisions provided by the Code. These relief provisions generally will be available if (i) following our identification of the failure, we file a schedule for such taxable year describing each item of our gross income, and (ii) the failure to meet such tests was due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect. It is not now 15 possible to determine the circumstances under which we may be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions. If these relief provisions apply, a 100% tax is imposed on an amount equal to (i) the gross income attributable to (a) 75% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 75% gross income test and (b) 95% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 95% gross income test, multiplied by (ii) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. The Secretary of the Treasury is given broad authority to determine whether particular items of income or gain qualify under the 75% and 95% gross income tests and to exclude items from the measure of gross income for such purposes. Asset Tests Within 30 days after the close of each quarter of our taxable year, we must also satisfy several tests relating to the nature and diversification of our assets determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. At least 75% of the value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets (including interests in real property, interests in mortgages on real property or on interests in real property, shares in other REITs and debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs), cash, cash items (including receivables arising in the ordinary course of our operation), government securities and qualified temporary investments (the 75% asset test ). Although the remaining 25% of our assets generally may be invested without restriction, we are prohibited from owning securities representing more than 10% of either the vote (the 10% vote test ) or value (the 10% value test ) of the outstanding securities of any issuer other than another REIT or a taxable REIT subsidiary. Further, no more than 25% (20% for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026) of our total assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries (the 25% asset test ) and no more than 5% of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities of any non-governmental issuer (the 5% asset test ) other than a qualified REIT subsidiary, another REIT or a taxable REIT subsidiary. Each of the 10% vote test, the 10% value test and the 25% and 5% asset tests must be satisfied at the end of each quarter. There are special rules which provide relief if the value-related tests are not satisfied due to changes in the value of the assets of a REIT. Certain items are excluded from the 10% value test, including: (i) straight debt securities meeting certain requirements (ii) any loan to an individual or an estate (iii) any rental agreement described in Section 467 of the Code, other than with a related person (iv) any obligation to pay rents from real property (v) certain securities issued by a state or any subdivision thereof, the District of Columbia, a non-U.S. government, or any political subdivision thereof, or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (vi) any security issued by a REIT and (vii) any other arrangement that, as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, is excepted from the definition of security ( 10% Value Excluded Securities ). If a REIT, or its taxable REIT subsidiary, holds (i) straight debt securities of a corporate or partnership issuer and (ii) securities of such issuer that are not 10% Value Excluded Securities and have an aggregate value greater than 1% of such issuer s outstanding securities, the straight debt securities will be included in the 10% value test. A REIT s interest as a partner in a partnership is not treated as a security for purposes of applying the 10% value test to securities issued by the partnership. Further, any debt instrument issued by a partnership that is not a 10% Value Excluded Security will not be a security for purposes of applying the 10% value test (i) to the extent of the REIT s interest as a partner in the partnership or (ii) if at least 75% of the partnership s gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) would qualify for the 75% gross income test. For purposes of the 10% value test, a REIT s interest in a partnership s assets is determined by the REIT s proportionate interest in any securities issued by the partnership (other than the excluded securities described in the preceding paragraph). If a REIT or its qualified business unit uses a non-U.S. currency as its functional currency, the term cash includes such non-U.S. currency, but only to the extent such non-U.S. currency is (i) held for use in the normal course of the activities of the REIT or qualified business unit which give rise to items of income or gain that are included in the 95% and 75% gross income tests or are directly related to acquiring or holding assets qualifying under the 75% asset test, and (ii) not held in connection with dealing or engaging in substantial and regular trading in securities. With respect to corrections of failures as to violations of the 10% vote test, the 10% value test or the 5% asset test, a REIT may avoid disqualification as a REIT by disposing of sufficient assets to cure a violation due to the ownership of assets that do not exceed the lesser of 1% of the REIT s assets at the end of the relevant quarter or $10,000,000, provided that the disposition occurs within six months following the last day of the quarter in which the REIT first identified the violation. For violations of any of the REIT asset tests due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect that exceed the thresholds described in the preceding sentence, a REIT can avoid disqualification as a REIT after the close of a taxable quarter by taking certain steps, including disposition of sufficient assets within the six month period described above to meet the applicable asset test, paying a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets during the period of time that the assets were held as non-qualifying assets and filing a schedule with the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) that describes the non-qualifying assets. Investments in Taxable REIT Subsidiaries REITs may own more than 10% of the voting power and value of securities in taxable REIT subsidiaries. Unlike a qualified REIT subsidiary, other disregarded entity or partnership, the income and assets of a taxable REIT subsidiary are not attributable to the REIT for purposes of satisfying the income and asset ownership requirements applicable to REIT qualification. Except as noted below with respect to a corporate entity that operates a healthcare or lodging facility, we and any taxable corporate entity in which we own an interest, directly or indirectly, are allowed to jointly elect to treat such entity as a taxable REIT subsidiary. 16 Certain of our subsidiaries have elected or will elect taxable REIT subsidiary status. Taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to full corporate level U.S. federal taxation on their earnings but are permitted to engage in certain types of activities that cannot be performed directly by REITs without jeopardizing the REIT status of their parent REIT. The taxes to which our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject will reduce the cash available for such taxable REIT subsidiaries to distribute as dividends to us. The IRS may redetermine amounts from transactions between a REIT and its taxable REIT subsidiary where there is a lack of arm s-length dealing between the parties. Any taxable income allocated to, or deductible expenses allocated away, from a taxable REIT subsidiary would increase its tax liability. Further, redetermined amounts from certain transactions involving a REIT and its taxable REIT subsidiaries could be subject to a 100% tax if not conducted on an arm s length basis. A taxable REIT subsidiary does not include any corporation that directly or indirectly operates or manages a lodging facility or a healthcare facility unless such facility is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person that is an independent contractor, and certain other requirements are met. The failure of a subsidiary of ours to qualify as a taxable REIT subsidiary as a result of operating a lodging facility or a healthcare facility could have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus could impair the Company s ability to qualify as a REIT unless the Company could avail itself of certain relief provisions under the Code and pay any tax resulting therefrom. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ) imposes among other things, a 15% Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax ( Corporate AMT ) on certain U.S. corporations with average adjusted financial statement income in excess of $1 billion. Although, by its terms, the Corporate AMT is not applicable to REITs, it is not certain whether or how the Corporate AMT would apply to our TRSs. The IRS has proposed regulations and issued several notices indicating its intention to propose further regulations providing guidance regarding the Corporate AMT and issuing certain interim rules on which taxpayers may rely. The proposed regulations do not include an exception for TRSs. Moreover, under the proposed regulations, in determining whether our TRSs meet the $1 billion average adjusted financial statement income ( AFSI ) the threshold for the Corporate AMT to apply, our TRSs generally will include all of our AFSI. As a result, under the proposed regulations, our TRSs may be subject to the Corporate AMT if the AFSI threshold is satisfied or otherwise does not meet the Corporate AMT safe harbor provisions. Additionally, the proposed regulations would impose new reporting obligations on each of our TRSs subject to the Corporate AMT that are a partner in a partnership, and on partnerships in which we are a member. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries may be subject to material U.S. federal income taxes under the Corporate AMT. Investments in REIT Subsidiaries The Company, through Welltower OP, owns and may acquire direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Code (each, a Subsidiary REIT ). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to the Company. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax and (ii) the Subsidiary REIT s failure to qualify could have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus could impair the Company s ability to qualify as a REIT unless the Company could avail itself of certain relief provisions under the Code and pay any tax resulting therefrom. Annual Distribution Requirements In order to avoid being taxed as a regular corporation, we are required to make distributions (other than capital gain distributions) to our stockholders which qualify for the dividends paid deduction in an amount at least equal to (1) the sum of (i) 90% of our REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain) and (ii) 90% of the after-tax net income, if any, from foreclosure property, minus (2) a portion of certain items of non-cash income. These distributions must be paid in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if declared before we timely file our tax return for that year and if paid on or before the first regular distribution payment after such declaration. Prior to 2014, with respect to all REITs, the amount distributed could not be preferential. This means that every stockholder of the class of stock to which a distribution is made must be treated the same as every other stockholder of that class and no class of stock may be treated otherwise than in accordance with its dividend rights as a class (the preferential dividend rule ). The preferential dividend rule no longer applies to publicly offered REITs; however, the rule is still applicable to REITs which are not publicly offered, which would include several of our Subsidiary REITs. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our REIT taxable income, as adjusted, we will be subject to tax on the undistributed amount at regular corporate tax rates. As discussed above, we may be subject to an excise tax if we fail to meet certain other distribution requirements. Although we intend to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy these annual distribution requirements, economic, market, legal, tax or other factors could limit our ability to meet those requirements. It is also possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement, or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, due to, among other things, (i) timing differences between (a) cash receipts and cash expenditures and (b) the inclusion of income and deduction of expenses in arriving at our taxable income, or (ii) the payment of expenditures that may not be deductible to us. In the event that timing differences occur, we may find it necessary to arrange for borrowings or, if possible, pay dividends in the form of taxable stock dividends in order to meet the distribution requirement. Under certain circumstances, including in the event of a deficiency determined by the IRS, we may be able to rectify a resulting failure to meet the distribution requirement for a year by paying deficiency dividends to stockholders in a later year, 17 which may be included in our deduction for distributions paid for the earlier year. Thus, we may be able to avoid being disqualified as a REIT and/or taxed on amounts distributed as deficiency dividends however, we will be required to pay applicable penalties and interest based on the amount of any deduction taken for deficiency dividend distributions. Failure to Qualify as a REIT If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Distributions to stockholders in any year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT will not be deductible by us. As a result, we anticipate that our failure to qualify as a REIT would reduce the cash available for distribution by us to our stockholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and will not be eligible for the 20% deduction under Section 199A of the Code applicable to certain non-corporate shareholders, including individuals. In such event, corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. In addition, non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, may be eligible for the preferential tax rates on qualified dividend income. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, such stockholders may not claim this deduction with respect to dividends paid by us. Unless entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we also will be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. It is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to statutory relief. Failure to qualify for even one year could result in our need to incur indebtedness or liquidate investments in order to pay potentially significant resulting tax liabilities. In addition to the relief described above under Income Tests and Asset Tests, statutory relief is available in the event that we violate a provision of the Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT if: (i) the violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect (ii) we pay a penalty of $50,000 for each failure to satisfy the provision; and (iii) the violation does not include a violation described under Income Tests or Asset Tests above. It is not now possible to determine the circumstances under which we may be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions. Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Holders of Our Stock and the Debt Securities of the Company and Welltower OP The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to you of acquiring, owning and disposing of stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP. This discussion is limited to holders who hold stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to a holder s particular circumstances, including the alternative minimum tax. In addition, except where specifically noted, it does not address consequences relevant to holders subject to special rules, including, without limitation: U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the U.S.; U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; persons holding stock or debt securities as part of a hedge, straddle or other risk reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction or other integrated investment; banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions; REITs or regulated investment companies; brokers, dealers or traders in securities; controlled foreign corporations, passive foreign investment companies, and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; S corporations, partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and investors therein); tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations; persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to stock or debt securities being taken into account in an applicable financial statement; persons deemed to sell stock or debt securities under the constructive sale provisions of the Code; and persons who hold or receive our stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation. THIS DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED AS TAX ADVICE. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR STOCK OR DEBT SECURITIES ARISING UNDER OTHER U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS (INCLUDING ESTATE AND GIFT TAX LAWS), UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAXING JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATY. 18 For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is or is treated as: an individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S.; an entity classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and created or organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia; an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or a trust that (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more United States persons (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) or (ii) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For purposes of this discussion, a non-U.S. holder is any beneficial owner of our stock or debt securities that is neither a U.S. holder nor an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our stock or debt securities, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly, partnerships holding stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP and the partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them. Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders of Our Stock Distributions Generally Distributions out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as dividends and, other than with respect to capital gain dividends and certain amounts which have previously been subject to corporate level tax, as discussed below, will be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as ordinary income when actually or constructively received. See Tax Rates below. As long as we qualify as a REIT, these distributions will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction in the case of U.S. holders that are corporations or, except to the extent described in Tax Rates below, the preferential rates on qualified dividend income applicable to non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals. For purposes of determining whether distributions to holders of our stock are out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, our earnings and profits will be allocated first to our outstanding preferred stock, if any, and then to our outstanding common stock. To the extent that we make distributions on our stock in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits allocable to such stock, these distributions will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to a U.S. holder to the extent of the U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in such shares of stock. This treatment will reduce the U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in such shares of stock by such amount, but not below zero. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and in excess of a U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in its shares will be taxable as capital gain. Such gain will be taxable as long-term capital gain if the shares have been held for more than one year. Dividends we declare in October, November, or December of any year and which are payable to a holder of record on a specified date in any of these months will be treated as both paid by us and received by the holder on December 31 of that year, provided we actually pay the dividend on or before January 31 of the following year. U.S. holders may not include in their own income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses. U.S. holders that receive taxable stock distributions, including distributions partially payable in our common stock and partially payable in cash, would be required to include the full amount of the distribution (i.e., the cash and the stock portion) as a dividend (subject to limited exceptions) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as described above. The amount of any distribution payable in our common stock generally is equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of the common stock. Depending on the circumstances of a U.S. holder, the tax on the distribution may exceed the amount of the distribution received in cash, in which case such U.S. holder would have to pay the tax using cash from other sources. If a U.S. holder sells the common stock it received in connection with a taxable stock distribution in order to pay this tax and the proceeds of such sale are less than the amount required to be included in income with respect to the stock portion of the distribution, such U.S. holder could have a capital loss with respect to the stock sale that could not be used to offset such income. A U.S. holder that receives common stock pursuant to such distribution generally has a tax basis in such common stock equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of such common stock as described above, and has a holding period in such common stock that begins on the day immediately following the payment date for the distribution. Capital Gain Dividends Dividends that we properly designate as capital gain dividends will be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as a gain from the sale or disposition of a capital asset held for more than one year, to the extent that such gain does not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year. U.S. holders that are corporations may, however, be required to treat up to 20% of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income. Retention of Net Capital Gains We may elect to retain, rather than distribute as a capital gain dividend, all or a portion of our net capital gains. If we make this election, we would pay tax on our retained net capital gains. In addition, to the extent we so elect, our earnings and profits (determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) would be adjusted accordingly, and a U.S. holder generally would: 19 include its pro rata share of our undistributed capital gain in computing its long-term capital gains in its U.S. federal income tax return for its taxable year in which the last day of our taxable year falls, subject to certain limitations as to the amount that is includable; be deemed to have paid its share of the capital gains tax imposed on us on the designated amounts included in the U.S. holder s income as long-term capital gain; receive a credit or refund for the amount of tax deemed paid by it; and increase the adjusted tax basis of its stock by the difference between the amount of includable gains and the tax deemed to have been paid by it. In addition, a U.S. holder that is a corporation is required to appropriately adjust its earnings and profits for the retained capital gains in accordance with Treasury Regulations. These Treasury Regulations have not yet been promulgated so the appropriate method for making such adjustment is unclear. Passive Activity Losses and Investment Interest Limitations Distributions we make and gain arising from the sale or exchange of our stock by a U.S. holder will not be treated as passive activity income. As a result, U.S. holders generally will not be able to apply any passive losses against this income or gain. A U.S. holder generally may elect to treat capital gain dividends, capital gains from the disposition of our stock and income designated as qualified dividend income, as described in Tax Rates below, as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation, but in such case, the holder will be taxed at ordinary income rates on such amount. Other distributions made by us, to the extent they do not constitute a return of capital, generally will be treated as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation. Dispositions of Our Stock Except as described below under Redemption or Repurchase by Us, if a U.S. holder sells or disposes of shares of our stock, it will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received on the sale or other disposition of the shares and the holder s adjusted tax basis in the shares. This gain or loss, except as provided below, will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holder has held such stock for more than one year. However, if a U.S. holder recognizes a loss upon the sale or other disposition of stock that it has held for six months or less, after applying certain holding period rules, the loss recognized will be treated as a long-term capital loss to the extent the U.S. holder received distributions from us which were required to be treated as long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Redemption or Repurchase by Us A redemption or repurchase of shares of our stock will be treated under Section 302 of the Code as a distribution (and taxable as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits as described above under Distributions Generally ) unless the redemption or repurchase satisfies one of the tests set forth in Section 302(b) of the Code and is therefore treated as a sale or exchange of the redeemed or repurchased shares. The redemption or repurchase generally will be treated as a sale or exchange if it: is substantially disproportionate with respect to the U.S. holder, results in a complete redemption of the U.S. holder s stock interest in us, or is not essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to the U.S. holder, all within the meaning of Section 302(b) of the Code. In determining whether any of these tests has been met, shares of our stock, including common stock and other equity interests in us, considered to be owned by the U.S. holder by reason of certain constructive ownership rules set forth in the Code, as well as shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, generally must be taken into account. Because the determination as to whether any of the alternative tests of Section 302(b) of the Code will be satisfied with respect to the U.S. holder depends upon the facts and circumstances at the time that the determination must be made, U.S. holders are advised to consult their tax advisors to determine such tax treatment. If a redemption or repurchase of shares of our stock is treated as a distribution, the amount of the distribution will be measured by the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received. See Distributions Generally. A U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in the redeemed or repurchased shares generally will be transferred to the holder s remaining shares of our stock, if any. If a U.S. holder owns no other shares of our stock, under certain circumstances, such basis may be transferred to a related person, or it may be lost entirely. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a redemption or repurchase of our stock. If a redemption or repurchase of shares of our stock is not treated as a distribution, it will be treated as a taxable sale or exchange in the manner described under Dispositions of Our Stock. Tax Rates Currently, the maximum tax rate for non-corporate taxpayers for (i) long-term capital gains, including certain capital gain dividends, generally is 20% (although depending on the characteristics of the assets which produced these gains and on designations which we may make, certain capital gain dividends may be taxed at a 25% rate) and (ii) qualified dividend income generally is 20%. In general, dividends payable by REITs are not eligible for the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income, except to the extent that certain holding period requirements have been met and the REIT s dividends are attributable to dividends received from taxable corporations (such as its taxable REIT subsidiaries) or to income that was subject to tax at the corporate/REIT level (for example, if the REIT distributed taxable income that it retained and paid 20 tax on in the prior taxable year). Capital gain dividends will only be eligible for the rates described above to the extent that they are properly designated by us as capital gain dividends. As mentioned above, U.S. holders that are corporations may be required to treat up to 20% of some capital gain dividends as ordinary income. In addition, non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, generally may deduct up to 20% of dividends from a REIT, other than capital gain dividends and dividends treated as qualified dividend income, for purposes of determining their U.S. federal income tax (but not for purposes of the 3.8% Medicare tax), subject to certain holding period requirements and other limitations. Taxation of Tax-Exempt U.S. Holders of Our Stock Dividend income from us and gain arising upon a sale of shares of our stock generally should not be unrelated business taxable income ( UBTI ) to a tax-exempt U.S. holder, except as described below. This income or gain will be UBTI, however, to the extent a tax-exempt U.S. holder holds its shares as debt-financed property within the meaning of the Code. Generally, debt-financed property is property the acquisition or holding of which was financed through a borrowing by the tax-exempt holder. For tax-exempt U.S. holders that are social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations or supplemental unemployment benefit trusts exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (c)(9) or (c)(17) of the Code, respectively, income from an investment in our shares will constitute UBTI unless the organization is able to properly claim a deduction for amounts set aside or placed in reserve for specific purposes so as to offset the income generated by its investment in our shares. These prospective investors should consult their tax advisors concerning these set aside and reserve requirements. Notwithstanding the above, however, a portion of the dividends paid by a pension-held REIT may be treated as UBTI as to certain trusts that hold more than 10%, by value, of the interests in the REIT. A REIT will not be a pension-held REIT if it is able to satisfy the not closely held requirement without relying on the look-through exception with respect to certain trusts or if such REIT is not predominantly held by qualified trusts. As a result of restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock contained in our charter, we do not expect to be classified as a pension-held REIT, and as a result, the tax treatment described above should be inapplicable to our holders. However, because our common stock is (and we anticipate, will continue to be) publicly traded, we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case. Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of Our Stock The following discussion addresses the rules governing U.S. federal income taxation of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our stock by non-U.S. holders. These rules are complex, and no attempt is made herein to provide more than a brief summary of such rules. Accordingly, the discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation and does not address other U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences that may be relevant to a non-U.S. holder in light of its particular circumstances. We urge non-U.S. holders to consult their tax advisors to determine the impact of U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and other tax laws and any applicable tax treaty on the acquisition, ownership and disposition of shares of our stock, including any reporting requirements. Distributions Generally Distributions (including any taxable stock distributions) that are neither attributable to gains from sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests ( USRPIs ) nor designated by us as capital gain dividends (except as described below) will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Such distributions ordinarily will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty, unless the distributions are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such dividends are attributable). Under certain treaties, however, lower withholding rates generally applicable to dividends do not apply to dividends from a REIT. Certain certification and disclosure requirements must be satisfied for a non-U.S. holder to be exempt from withholding under the effectively connected income exemption. Dividends that are treated as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business generally will not be subject to withholding but will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net basis in the same manner as dividends paid to U.S. holders are subject to U.S. federal income tax. Any such dividends received by a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate (applicable after deducting U.S. federal income taxes paid on such effectively connected income) or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. Except as otherwise provided below, we expect to withhold U.S. federal income tax at the rate of 30% on any distributions made to a non-U.S. holder unless: (1) a lower treaty rate applies and the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or other applicable documentation) evidencing eligibility for that reduced treaty rate; or (2) the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable documentation) claiming that the distribution is income effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder s trade or business. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to a non-U.S. holder to the extent that such distributions do not exceed the adjusted tax basis of the holder s stock, but rather will reduce the adjusted tax basis of such stock. To the extent that such distributions exceed the non-U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in such stock, they generally will give rise to gain from the sale or exchange of such stock, the tax treatment of which is described below. 21 However, such excess distributions may be treated as dividend income for certain non-U.S. holders. For withholding purposes, we expect to treat all distributions as made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. However, amounts withheld may be refundable if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, provided that certain conditions are met. Capital Gain Dividends and Distributions Attributable to a Sale or Exchange of U.S. Real Property Interests Distributions to a non-U.S. holder that we properly designate as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a USRPI, generally should not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation, unless: (1) the investment in our stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such dividends are attributable), in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to a branch profits tax of up to 30%, as discussed above; or (2) the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% on the non-U.S. holder s capital gains (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of such non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses. Pursuant to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act, which is referred to as FIRPTA, distributions to a non-U.S. holder that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs, whether or not designated as capital gain dividends, will cause the non-U.S. holder to be treated as recognizing such gain as income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Non-U.S. holders generally would be taxed at the regular rates applicable to U.S. holders, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals. We also will be required to withhold and to remit to the IRS 21% of any distribution to non-U.S. holders attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs. Distributions subject to FIRPTA may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax in the hands of a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation. The amount withheld is creditable against the non-U.S. holder s U.S. federal income tax liability. However, any distribution with respect to any class of stock that is regularly traded, as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market located in the U.S. is not subject to FIRPTA, and therefore, not subject to the 21% U.S. withholding tax described above, if the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10% of such class of stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of the distribution. Instead, such distributions generally will be treated as ordinary dividend distributions and subject to withholding in the manner described above with respect to ordinary dividends. Furthermore, distributions to qualified foreign pension funds or entities all of the interests of which are held by qualified pension funds are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. Retention of Net Capital Gains Although the law is not clear on the matter, it appears that amounts we designate as retained net capital gains in respect of our stock should be treated with respect to non-U.S. holders as actual distributions of capital gain dividends. Under this approach, the non-U.S. holders may be able to offset as a credit against their U.S. federal income tax liability their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on such retained net capital gains and to receive from the IRS a refund to the extent their proportionate share of such tax paid by us exceeds their actual U.S. federal income tax liability. If we were to designate any portion of our net capital gain as retained net capital gain, non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the taxation of such retained net capital gain. Sale of Our Stock Except as described below under Redemption or Repurchase by Us, gain realized by a non-U.S. holder upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our stock generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless such stock constitutes a USRPI. In general, stock of a domestic corporation that is a United States real property holding corporation, or USRPHC, will constitute a USRPI. We believe that we are a USRPHC. Our stock will not, however, constitute a USRPI so long as we are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. A domestically controlled qualified investment entity includes a REIT in which at all times during a five-year testing period less than 50% in value of its stock is held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. persons, subject to certain rules. For purposes of determining whether a REIT is a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, a person who at all applicable times holds less than 5% of a class of stock that is regularly traded is treated as a U.S. person unless the REIT has actual knowledge that such person is not a U.S. person. Because our common stock is (and we anticipate, will continue to be) publicly traded, no assurance can be given that we are or will continue to be a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. Even if we do not qualify as a domestically controlled qualified investment entity at the time a non-U.S. holder sells our stock, gain realized from the sale or other taxable disposition by a non-U.S. holder of such stock would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax under FIRPTA as a sale of a USRPI if: (1) such class of stock is regularly traded, as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market such as the New York Stock Exchange; and 22 (2) such non-U.S. holder owned, actually and constructively, 10% or less of such class of stock throughout the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of the sale or other taxable disposition or the non-U.S. holder s holding period. In addition, dispositions of our stock by qualified foreign pension funds or entities all of the interests of which are held by qualified foreign pension funds are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, gain from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our stock not otherwise subject to FIRPTA will be taxable to a non-U.S. holder if either (i) the investment in our stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such gain is attributable), in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such gain, as adjusted for certain items, or (ii) the non-U.S. holder is a 