=== WELL_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors below. Moreover, in light of certain arrangements that we may pursue with healthcare entities who are directly subject to laws and regulations pertaining to healthcare, and, given that certain of our arrangements are structured under the provisions of RIDEA, certain healthcare fraud and abuse laws and data privacy laws could apply directly to Welltower. See risk factor We assume operational and legal risks with respect to our properties managed in RIDEA structures that could have a material adverse effect on our business results of operations and financial condition in Item 1A - Risk Factors below. Licensing and Certification The primary regulations that affect seniors housing facilities are state licensing and certification laws. For example, certain healthcare facilities are subject to a variety of licensure and certificate of need ( CON ) laws and regulations. Where applicable, CON laws generally require, among other requirements, that a facility demonstrate the need for (i) constructing a new facility, (ii) adding beds or expanding an existing facility, (iii) investing in major capital equipment or adding new services, (iv) changing the ownership or control of an existing licensed facility or (v) terminating services that have been previously approved through the CON process. Certain state CON laws and regulations may restrict the ability of operators to add new properties or expand an existing facility s size or services. In addition, CON laws may constrain the ability of an operator to transfer responsibility for operating a particular facility to a new operator. With respect to licensure, generally our seniors housing and long-term/post-acute care facilities are required to be licensed by the applicable state-regulatory authority. The failure of our operators to maintain or renew any required license or regulatory approval as well as the failure of our operators to correct serious deficiencies identified in a compliance survey could require those operators to discontinue operations at a property and could result in suspension of new admissions or loss of licensure. Our entities are named on licenses for nearly all of the RIDEA portfolio and the loss of a license for one facility can require reporting in other jurisdictions. CON and licensure laws may limit the number of potential operators of our tenant healthcare facilities, which could reduce the value of such properties if put up for sale. Reimbursement The reimbursement methodologies applied to healthcare facilities continue to evolve. Federal and state authorities have considered and implemented and may continue seeking to implement new or modified reimbursement methodologies, including value-based reimbursement methodologies that may negatively impact healthcare property operations. Likewise, third-party payors may continue imposing greater controls on operators, including through changes in reimbursement rates and fee structures. The impact of any such changes, if implemented, may result in a material adverse effect on our portfolio. No assurance can be given that current revenue sources or levels will be maintained. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that payments under a government healthcare program are currently, or will be in the future, sufficient to fully reimburse the property operators for their operating and capital expenses. Seniors Housing Facilities The majority of the revenues received by the operators of U.S. seniors housing facilities are from private pay sources. The remaining revenue source is primarily Medicaid provided under state waiver programs for home and community-based care. There can be no guarantee that a state Medicaid program operating pursuant to a waiver will be able to maintain its waiver status. Rates paid by self-pay residents are set by the facilities and are determined by local market conditions and operating costs. Generally, facilities receive a higher payment per day for a private pay resident than for a Medicaid beneficiary who requires a comparable level of care. The level of Medicaid reimbursement varies from state to state. Thus, the revenues generated by operators of our assisted living facilities may be adversely affected by payor mix, acuity level or changes in Medicaid eligibility and reimbursement levels. The recently-passed One Big Beautiful Bill Act or OBBBA may impact the availability of Medicaid reimbursement but may also expand the availability of states to obtain waivers for home and community based services, as discussed below. Long-Term/Post-Acute Care Facilities The majority of the revenues received by the operators of these facilities are from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, with the balance representing reimbursement payments from private payors and patients. Consequently, changes in federal or state reimbursement policies may adversely affect an operator s ability to cover its expenses, including our rent or debt service. Long-term/post-acute care facilities are subject to periodic pre- and post-payment reviews and other audits by federal and state authorities. A review or audit of a property operator s claims could result in recoupments, denials or delay of payments in the future. Due to the significant judgments and estimates inherent in payor settlement accounting, no assurance can be given as to the adequacy of any reserves maintained by our property operators to cover potential adjustments to reimbursements or to cover settlements made to payors. Medicare Reimbursement Generally, long-term/post-acute care facilities are reimbursed by Medicare under prospective payment systems, which generally provide reimbursement based on a predetermined fixed amount per episode of care and are updated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ), an agency of the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) annually. There is a risk under these payment systems that costs will exceed the fixed payments, or that payments may be set below the costs to provide certain items and services. The HHS Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) has released recommendations to address skilled nursing facility ( SNF ) billing practices and Medicare payment rates, which may impact our tenants and operators. In June 2023, CMS began 8 publishing additional information regarding Medicare-certified nursing homes with common owners and operators. This information makes it easier for stakeholders (such as state licensing officials, state and federal law enforcement and researchers) and the public to identify common owners of nursing homes across different nursing home locations. The information also allows for greater accessibility to information regarding facilities performance and any common ownership links among facilities with poor performance. CMS has also increased scrutiny and oversight over the country s poorest performing nursing facilities through the Special Focus Facility Program, now publishing monthly updates to its Special Focus Facility List, which highlights facilities with a history of serious quality of care issues, and is increasing enforcement actions against facilities that fail to demonstrate improvement, including denial of payment and potential loss of Medicare certification. Additionally, CMS ties a portion of SNF Medicare reimbursement to the SNF Value-Based Purchasing Program ( SNF VBP ). While the SNF VBP only considered one quality measure in the FY 2025 Program Year, the SNF VBP will consider four quality measures in the FY 2026 Program Year. This may impact the reimbursement levels and public perception of our SNF tenants and operators. Medicaid Reimbursement Many states reimburse nursing facilities using fixed daily rates, which are applied prospectively based on patient acuity and the historical costs incurred in providing patient care. In most states, Medicaid does not fully reimburse the cost of providing services. Certain states are attempting to slow the rate of Medicaid growth by freezing rates or restricting eligibility and benefits. In addition, Medicaid reimbursement rates may decline if state revenues in a particular state are not sufficient to fund budgeted expenditures. Further, in 2025, Congress passed and the President signed Public Law No. 119-21, OBBBA into law. The OBBBA included a number of changes which are anticipated to reduce the size of the Medicaid eligible population including work requirements for certain Medicaid recipients and caps on the value of assets, such as homes, that Medicaid recipients may own while qualifying for Medicaid coverage and otherwise decrease the amount of Medicaid spending including shortening the length of retroactive Medicaid coverage and reducing states ability to tax Medicaid providers to fund state contributions to Medicaid as compared to prior law. Reductions in the Medicaid population and in Medicaid rates could reduce the revenue and operating margins of tenants and operators of nursing facilities. Skilled Nursing Facility and Nursing Facility Compliance Program Guidance In November 2024, OIG published industry segment-specific compliance program guidance for Skilled Nursing Facilities and Nursing Facilities to develop, implement and maintain effective compliance and quality programs, identify and mitigate risks, ensure compliance with federal regulations and improve the quality of care and safety for residents. This is the first of a series of compliance program guidance that OIG plans to issue for different healthcare sectors and reflects OIG s findings and observations from its work on matters involving nursing facilities as well as its current enforcement priorities and stakeholder interactions. The guidance identifies key risk areas for the industry, including a detailed, industry-specific discussion of eight AKS risk areas for nursing facilities and provides recommendations for minimizing conflicts of interest in nursing facility pharmaceutical decisions. OIG may publish guidance as to other entity types in the future or revise its guidance for SNFs and Nursing Facilities. Health Reform Laws Certain health reform measures could be implemented as a result of political, legislative, regulatory and administrative developments and judicial proceedings. In 2024, as part of President Biden s nursing home reform initiative, CMS issued a Final Rule establishing minimum staffing standards for long-term care facilities that would have required enhanced minimum nurse staffing levels. However, on December 2, 2025, HHS and CMS announced repeal of the Final Rule. CMS continues to require the disclosure of certain ownership and managerial information regarding Medicare SNFs and Medicaid NFs, including updates to identify REIT ownership of SNFs. The OBBBA, as discussed above, may affect both the size of the Medicaid population and reimbursement per Medicaid beneficiary. We cannot predict whether the existing Health Reform Laws, the results of the 2026 Congressional elections and potential subsequent developments, or future healthcare reform legislation, executive orders or regulatory changes, will have a material impact on our operators or tenants property or business. In addition, in 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion holding that courts reviewing agency action pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act must exercise their independent judgment and may not defer to an agency interpretation of the law simply because a statute is ambiguous. The decision will have a significant impact on how lower courts evaluate challenges to agency interpretations of law, including those by the CMS and other agencies with significant oversight of the healthcare industry. The new framework is likely to increase both the frequency of such challenges and their odds of success by eliminating one way in which the government previously prevailed in such cases. As a result, significant regulatory policies may be subject to increased litigation and judicial scrutiny. Any resulting changes in regulation may result in unexpected delays, increased costs or other negative impacts on our operators or tenants property or business that are difficult to predict. Medicare Reimbursement for Physicians, Hospital Outpatient Departments ( HOPDs ) and Ambulatory Surgical Centers ( ASCs ) Changes in reimbursement to physicians, HOPDs and ASCs may further affect our tenants and operators. Generally, Medicare reimburses physicians under the Physician Fee Schedule, while HOPDs and ASCs are reimbursed under prospective payment systems. The Physician Fee Schedule and the HOPD and ASC prospective payment systems are updated annually by CMS. These annual Medicare payment regulations have resulted in lower net pay increases than providers of those services have often expected. In addition, the Medicare and Children s Health Insurance 9 Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 ( MACRA ) includes payment reductions for providers who do not meet government quality standards. The implementation of pay-for-quality models like those required under MACRA, has the potential to produce funding disparities that could adversely impact some provider tenants in outpatient medical buildings and other healthcare properties. Changes in Medicare Advantage plan payments may also indirectly affect our operators and tenants that contract with Medicare Advantage plans. Fraud Abuse Enforcement Long-term/post-acute care facilities (and seniors housing facilities that receive Medicaid payments) are subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations and applicable guidance that govern the operations and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. Certain of these laws, such as the AKS and Stark Law, prohibit direct or indirect payments of any kind for the purpose of inducing or encouraging the referral of patients for medical products or services reimbursable by government healthcare programs. Other government health program laws require providers to furnish only medically necessary services and submit to the government valid and accurate statements for each service. Our operators and tenants that receive payments from federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, are subject to substantial financial penalties under the Civil Monetary Penalties Act and the FCA upon a finding of noncompliance with such laws. In 2024, CMS issued a Final Rule that expanded CMS enforcement authority for imposing civil money penalties ( CMPs ) and strengthens nursing home enforcement regulations by expanding the number and types of CMPs that CMS can impose on long-term care facilities. In addition, states may also have separate false claims acts, which, among other things, generally prohibit healthcare providers from filing false claims or making false statements to receive payments. Federal and state FCAs contain whistleblower provisions that permit private individuals to bring healthcare fraud enforcement claims on behalf of the government, known as qui tam provisions. At least one federal judge has held that federal qui tam provisions are unconstitutional, though other qui tam cases continue nationwide. Still other laws require providers to comply with a variety of safety, health and other requirements relating to the condition of the licensed property and the quality of care provided. Sanctions for violations of these laws, regulations and other applicable guidance may include, but are not limited to, criminal and/or civil penalties and fines, loss of licensure, immediate termination of government payments, exclusion from any government healthcare program, damage assessments and imprisonment. In certain circumstances, violation of these rules (such as those prohibiting abusive and fraudulent behavior) with respect to one property may subject other facilities under common control or ownership to sanctions, including exclusion from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, as well as other government healthcare programs and revocation of healthcare licenses. In the ordinary course of its business, a property operator is regularly subjected to inquiries, investigations and audits by the federal and state agencies that oversee these laws and regulations. Prosecutions, investigations or whistleblower actions could have a material adverse effect on a property operator s liquidity, financial condition and operations, which could adversely affect the ability of the operator to meet its financial obligations to us. In addition, government investigations and enforcement actions brought against the healthcare industry have increased over the past several years and may continue. The costs for an operator of a healthcare property associated with both defending such enforcement actions and the undertakings in settling these actions can be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us. In addition, we could potentially be directly subject to these healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as potential investigation or enforcement, as a result of our RIDEA-structured arrangements and certain collaboration or other arrangements we may pursue with stakeholders who are directly subject to these laws. Federal and State Data Privacy and Security Laws The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, and its implementing regulations ( HIPAA ) and numerous other state and federal laws govern the collection, security, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality of personal information, including individually identifiable health information. These laws also may require a business to issue notifications in the event of the data breach. Where applicable, we often rely on management companies and tenants to comply with these laws, violations of which may result in regulatory scrutiny, lawsuits or substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties, including regulatory consent orders. The costs to a business such as ours or to an operator of a healthcare property associated with developing and maintaining programs and systems to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws, defending against privacy and security related claims or enforcement actions and paying any assessed fines, can be substantial. Moreover, such costs could have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us. Finally, data privacy and security laws and regulations continue to develop, including with regard to HIPAA, privacy and security standards enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, and U.S. state privacy laws governing consumer personal data and consumer health data. Comprehensive consumer data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, are in effect. Consumer health data-focused privacy laws, such as the Washington My Health My Data Act and Nevada s consumer health data privacy law, are also in effect. Furthermore, many states have introduced legislation that would revise or implement new such laws, and many states have promulgated regulations, which continue to evolve, to implement existing legislation. States have also passed and proposed new statutes and regulations that may affect the use of artificial intelligence in healthcare. As we use data to better inform our investments and the efficacy of care in our communities and as we and our tenants and operators consider whether to invest in new tools, these developments may add potential uncertainty and costs towards compliance obligations, business operations or transactions that depend on data. These evolving privacy laws may create restrictions or 10 requirements in our, our operators and other business partners use, sharing and retention of data and use of artificial intelligence tools. New privacy and security laws could require substantial investment in resources to comply with regulatory changes as privacy and security laws proliferate in divergent ways or impose additional obligations and potentially create new privacy related legal risks. United Kingdom In the U.K., care home services are principally regulated by the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (as amended) and other key legislation including the Health and Care Act 2022 and relevant regulations at a UK-nation-level, such as the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014 (as amended) for England, and equivalent regulations for the other UK nations (Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland). This legislation subjects service providers to a number of legally binding Fundamental Standards and requires, among other things, that all persons responsible for carrying out Regulated Activities in the U.K., and the managers of such persons, be registered with the relevant regulatory body with competence over the locations where Regulated Activities are conducted. The relevant regulatory body for England is the Care Quality Commission, for Wales is the Care Inspectorate Wales (and for some regulated activities, Healthcare Improvement Scotland) and for Northern Ireland is the Regulation and Quality Improvement Authority (each a Relevant Regulatory Body ). Regulated Activities include provision of accommodation for persons who require nursing, and also, treatment of disease, disorder or injury. Relevant Regulatory Bodies regulate the health and social care services industry, conduct inspections, issue reports, and take enforcement action to ensure compliance. With respect to our senior housing facilities (care homes) in the UK, care services are delivered by our operators, who own the assets (equipment, leases, patient-relationships) and third-party operators, who are responsible for staff management at the facilities. Both our operators and third-party operators must be registered with the relevant Regulatory Bodies (depending on the locations of our facilities) for their activities at these facilities. Failures in compliance increase reputational and enforcement risks. Relevant Regulatory Body inspection reports are published on the Relevant Regulatory Body s website, making them publicly accessible. If a provider regulated by the CQC receives a Requires Improvement or Inadequate rating or an equivalent rating from the Relevant Regulatory Body in another UK nation they are required to develop and implement a remediation plan. The provider must address the identified issues and achieve compliance within a timeframe agreed upon with the Relevant Regulatory Body. Failure to do so may result in enforcement actions, including suspension or withdrawal of registration or statutory penalties. The Department of Health and Social Care is responsible for the provision of care services for seniors in England, and equivalent Government Departments in other UK nations are responsible for the provision of care services in their jurisdictions, primarily through local commissioning bodies ( Local Authorities ), which contract with care home providers within their jurisdictions. Many of our senior housing facilities in the UK have been contracted by Local Authorities to provide care home services. Residents placed by a Local Authority under these arrangements are either fully government-funded or eligible for a government subsidy. Residents at our care homes outside these arrangements are exclusively private pay. Under arrangements with Local Authorities, we are required to comply with contractual standards that are generally aligned with Relevant Regulatory Body requirements. Local Authorities conduct their own inspections to assess compliance. If we or our operators are found to be non-compliant, this may result in termination risks under our agreements with Local Authorities. However, in most cases, a remediation plan will be agreed upon, and ongoing monitoring may be required until compliance is achieved. Providers of care home services are also subject (as data controllers) to laws governing their use of personal data (including in relation to their employees, clients and recipients of their services). These laws currently take the form of the U.K. s Data Protection Act 2018, the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulation 2003 (collectively U.K. DP Laws ). U.K. DP Laws impose a significant number of obligations on controllers with the potential for fines of up to 4% of annual worldwide turnover or 17.5 million, whichever is greater. The U.K. DP Laws are subject to incremental change with the introduction of the Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 ( DUAA ). One of the most significant changes due to DUAA is the closer alignment of regulatory enforcement (including the level of fines) between the U.K. GDPR and PECR. The U.K. DP Laws may create restrictions or requirements in our operators; and other business partners use, sharing and retention of data. These include notification to the regulator and individuals in the event of a personal data breach which meets certain thresholds, and an annual registration fee for each entity operating a care home. The costs to a business such as ours or to an operator of a healthcare property associated with developing and maintaining programs and systems to comply with the U.K. DP Laws, including any related claims, requests and regulatory enforcement actions can be substantial. 11 Organizations incorporated in or carrying on a business in the U.K., as well as individuals who are British citizens or residing in the U.K., are also subject to the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 ( UKBA ). Importantly, the UKBA created a corporate offense of failure to prevent bribery. Similarly, the failure to prevent model applies in respect of the corporate failure to prevent the facilitation of (UK and/or foreign) tax evasion, pursuant to the Criminal Finances Act 2017. In relation to the UK tax offense, any organization, wherever it is formed or operates can fall into scope. Where non-UK tax is evaded, an organization, wherever it is formed or operates can fall into scope. Where non-UK tax is evaded, an organization is in scope where there is a connection to the UK. Finally, since September 1, 2025, the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 has criminalized corporate failure, by large organizations (A large organization is defined by meeting two of the three following criteria: turnover of more than 36 million; balance sheet total of more than 18 million; and more than 250 employees), to prevent fraud. All three corporate failure to prevent offenses are strict liability offenses, subject to a prevention procedures defense. Organizations that carry on business in the U.K. supply goods or services, and have a turnover of 36 million or more are subject to corporate reporting requirements under the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015. In accordance with the Act, Welltower publishes on its website a statement setting out the steps it has taken during the most recent financial year to prevent modern slavery and trafficking in its business and supply chains. Under U.K. occupational health and safety legislation, all employers are subject to a general duty of care to protect their employees and others (which in the case of care homes includes residents and visitors) from harm arising from their work activities, as well as a wide range of more prescriptive duties and responsibilities (including under some environmental legislation). Failure to comply with U.K. health and safety or environmental legislation is a strict liability offense. The U.K. has national minimum wage legislation with a maximum fine for non-payment of 20,000 per worker and employers who fail to pay will be banned from being a company director for up to 15 years. Further, all employers in the U.K. are subject to strict immigration law rules under the Immigration Act 1971 which require them to ensure that all of their employees and workers have the right to work in the U.K. Material failures in this respect can lead to criminal liability. Also of relevance are the Agency Worker Regulations 2010 under with Agency Workers have a right to receive the same pay as comparator employees once they have been providing services for 12 weeks or more. Finally, from October 2024, employers in the U.K. have been under a proactive duty to take reasonable steps to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace. Failures in this respect can lead to adverse Employment Tribunal findings and compensation awards as well as investigation and enforcement action from the Equality Human Rights Commission. Canada Senior living residences in Canada are provincially regulated. Within each province, there are different categories for senior living residences that are generally based on the level of care sought and/or required by a resident (e.g. assisted or retirement living, senior living residences, residential care or long-term care). In some of these categories and depending on the province, residences may be government funded, or the individual residents may be eligible for a government subsidy, while other residences are exclusively private pay. The governing legislation and regulations vary by province, but generally the object of the laws is to set licensing requirements and minimum standards for senior living residences and regulate operations. These laws empower regulators in each province to take a variety of steps to ensure compliance, conduct inspections, issue reports and generally regulate the industry. Ontario s health privacy law, the Personal Health Information Act, 2004, was amended in 2024 to give Ontario s health privacy regulator the ability to issue administrative monetary penalties up to CAD $ 50,000 (for natural persons) or CAD $500,000 (for all other persons). In September 2021, the province of Quebec adopted significant amendments to its privacy legislation (each of which are now in effect), including a new enforcement sch