=== RS_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
tm2531976-2_nonfiling - none - 12.3066202s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Reliance, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Reliance, Inc. 735 N. 19th Avenue Phoenix, Arizona 85009 (480) 564-5700 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented, and we hope you will vote as soon as possible. To make it easier, you may vote on the internet or by telephone. The instructions attached to this notice describe how to use these convenient services. Even if you give your proxy, you have the right to vote electronically if you participate in the Annual Meeting. Proxy Voting Internet Visit the website noted on your proxy card to vote online. By Telephone Use the toll-free telephone number on your proxy card to vote by telephone. By Mail Sign, date, and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope to vote by mail. During the Meeting To vote during the virtual meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ RS2026 and use your 16-digit control number. The Annual Meeting will be held virtually. You can attend the Annual Meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit your questions during the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RS2026. Time and Place May 20, 2026 10 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time (PDT) Electronically via live webcast accessible at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RS2026 Record Date Only stockholders at the close of business on March 27, 2026 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) or any adjournments thereof. Items of Business Voting Recommendation 1 To elect the nine directors nominated by our Board of Directors to hold office until our next annual meeting and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. FOR EACH NOMINEE 2 To consider a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers. FOR 3 To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. FOR 4 To consider a stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. AGAINST 5 To transact such other business, if any, as properly comes before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. These items of business are more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS By Order of the Board of Directors, WILLIAM A. SMITH II SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, GENERAL COUNSEL AND CORPORATE SECRETARY Phoenix, Arizona April 2, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS THIS PROXY STATEMENT, OUR ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS, OUR 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND A PROXY FORM FOR VOTING ARE AVAILABLE ONLINE AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM BY USING THE 16-DIGIT CONTROL NUMBER PROVIDED TO YOU. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 1 Voting Information 8 Information Concerning Our Common Stock 10 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 11 Proposal No. 2 Advisory Vote on the Approval of the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 12 Proposal No. 3 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 13 Proposal No. 4 Stockholder Proposal Requiring Directors to Depart the Board Within Nine Months of Failing to Receive a Majority Vote 15 Board of Directors and Management 18 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 29 Executive Summary 29 2025 Financial and Operating Highlights 30 Changes to 2025 Incentive Plans 31 Executive Compensation Program Design 32 Relationship Between Pay and Performance 33 Key Executive Compensation Practices 36 2025 Say on Pay Vote 37 Overview of Our Executive Compensation Program 37 Compensation Program Objectives 37 Elements of Compensation 37 Allocation of Compensation Components 39 Mix of Principal Compensation Components 40 How We Make Decisions Regarding Executive Compensation 40 Compensation Committee and Independent Directors 40 Independent Compensation Consultant 41 Compensation Committee Review of Executive Compensation Peer Group and Other Data 41 Executive Compensation Peer Group 41 Analysis of 2025 Company and Executive Compensation Peer Group Compensation 42 Internal Pay Equity 42 Principal Components of Our Executive Compensation Program 42 Base Salary 42 Annual Cash Incentive Award 43 Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation 43 SERP and Deferred Compensation Plan 44 Other Benefits 45 Additional Information 45 No Employment Agreements; Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 45 Executive Severance Policy 45 Estimated Benefits Upon Termination or Change in Control 46 Stock Ownership Requirements 47 Clawback and Recoupment Policy 48 Hedging and Pledging Policies 48 Tax and Accounting Considerations 48 Compensation Committee Report 50 Executive Compensation Tables 51 Summary Compensation Table 51 Grants of Plan Based Awards 52 Option Exercises and Stock Vesting 53 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 53 Pension Benefits 54 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 54 Equity Compensation Plan Information 55 Pay Ratio Disclosure 55 Pay Versus Performance 56 Director Compensation 60 Director Compensation Table 60 Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 61 Board of Directors and Corporate Governance 63 Executive Sessions and the Independent, Non-executive Chair 67 Director Stock Ownership Requirements 69 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 69 Audit Committee Report 70 Related Person Transactions and Indemnification 71 Participation in the Annual Meeting 72 Stockholder Proposals and Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting 73 Stockholders Sharing the Same Address 74 Annual Report 75 TABLE OF CONTENTS Reliance, Inc. 735 N. 19th Avenue Phoenix, Arizona 85009 (480) 564-5700 PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement of Reliance, Inc. (the Company or Reliance ) and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Time and Place May 20, 2026 10 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time (PDT) Electronically via live webcast accessible at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RS2026 Record Date Only stockholders at the close of business on March 27, 2026 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof. PROXY VOTING Internet Visit the website noted on your proxy card to vote online. By Telephone Use the toll-free telephone number on your proxy card to vote by telephone. By Mail Sign, date, and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope to vote by mail. During the Meeting To vote during the virtual meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RS2026 and use your 16-digit control number. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS VOTING MATTERS Proposal Voting Recommendation Page 1 To elect the nine directors nominated by our Board of Directors to hold office until our next annual meeting and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. FOR EACH NOMINEE 11 2 To consider a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers. FOR 12 3 To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. FOR 13 4 To consider a stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. AGAINST 15 5 To transact such other business, if any, as properly comes before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. VIRTUAL STOCKHOLDER MEETING The Annual Meeting will be held virtually. If you were a stockholder as of the close of business on March 27, 2026 (the Record Date ), you can attend the Annual Meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit your questions by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RS2026. You will need to have your 16-digit control number included on your Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ) or your proxy card (if you received a printed copy of the proxy materials) to join the Annual Meeting. The meeting webcast will begin promptly at 10 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time (PDT). Online check-in will begin approximately 15 minutes before then and we encourage you to allow ample time for check-in procedures. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting during the check-in or meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the Virtual Shareholder Meeting login page. An audio recording of the Annual Meeting will be available on the Investors section of our website after the meeting. Additional information about our virtual stockholder meeting, including procedures for submitting questions at the Annual Meeting, is provided under Participation in the Annual Meeting on page 72 . The Company anticipates that the Notice of Internet Availability will first be mailed on or about April 2, 2026 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and we will post our proxy materials on the website referenced in the Notice of Internet Availability. As more fully described in the Notice of Internet Availability, all stockholders may choose to access our proxy materials on the website referred to in the Notice of Internet Availability or may request to receive a printed set of our proxy materials. PROXY STATEMENT Your vote is very important. Reliance s Board of Directors is requesting that you allow your common stock to be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting by the Company s officers (proxies) named on the proxy card. The proxy statement is first being sent and made available to our stockholders on or about April 2, 2026. 2 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS (see page 63 ) Highlights of Corporate Governance All directors are elected annually by majority of votes cast. Independent, non-executive Chair of the Board. All standing committees of the Board consist solely of independent directors. Independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions. Policy that directors may not stand for re-election after reaching age 75. All current directors attended at least 95% of the Board and committee meetings in 2025. Stock ownership requirements applicable to all directors and officers. Prohibition of speculative, hedging and pledging transactions by all directors and executive officers. Stockholder right to act by written consent. Special meetings may be called by stockholders holding shares entitled to cast not less than 10% in voting power of our outstanding stock. Market-standard, robust proxy access right. Board oversight of executive succession planning. No super-majority voting requirements to approve mergers or other business combinations. No standing stockholder rights plan or poison pill. Code of Conduct that applies to all directors, executive officers and employees. Annual Board and committee self-evaluations. Key Executive Compensation Practices What We Do We align executive compensation with the interests of our stockholders: Strong pay-for-performance compensation structure. In 2025, approximately 74% of our CEO s and 70% of our other NEOs target total direct compensation was tied to performance metrics. See pages 32 37 . Target total direct compensation of our NEOs designed to approximate the market median of our executive compensation peer group when target performance levels are achieved. See page 37 . In 2024, 2025 and 2026, 80% of the CEO, CFO and COO s target equity awards were performance-based and 70% of the other NEO s target equity awards were performance-based. See page 43 . Stock ownership requirements applicable to all directors and corporate officers, including the NEOs. See pages 47 69 . Policy for recovery of erroneously awarded compensation (clawback) that applies to all incentive cash and equity compensation. See page 48 . Actual payouts and realized pay levels of our NEOs that historically have been highly aligned with the annual and long-term returns received by our stockholders. Our executive compensation program is designed to reward the Company s executive officers for strong operational and financial performance and to avoid excessive risk-taking: Double-trigger provisions for accelerated vesting of equity awards upon a change in control. See page 45 . All NEO performance-based equity awards are tied to three-year performance targets. See page 43 . Broad and deep distribution of equity awards throughout management while managing the dilutive impact and expense associated with those awards. See page 43 . No perquisites for NEOs. See page 45 . Annual stockholder advisory vote to approve NEO compensation. See page 12 . Independent compensation committee. See page 40 . Independent compensation consultant. See page 41 . Independent, non-executive Chair of the Board enhances the effectiveness of the Board s oversight and governance and compensation practices. See page 67 . All employee equity awards are subject to a minimum one-year vesting period, except with respect to a maximum of 5% of the remaining shares available for issuance under our equity compensation plan. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS What We Don t Do We adhere to executive compensation best practices: No incentive plan design or feature that would encourage excessive risk-taking. No possibility of unlimited compensation; all variable compensation plans have caps on plan formulas. No employment agreements, change in control/golden parachute agreements or other similar agreements with any executive officer. See page 45 . No tax gross-ups for perquisites, change in control excise taxes or otherwise. No hedging of Reliance securities permitted by directors, officers and designated insider employees subject to our Insider Trading and Securities Compliance Policy. See page 48 . No pledging of Reliance securities permitted by directors, officers and designated insider employees subject to our Insider Trading and Securities Compliance Policy. See page 48 . No acceleration of unvested awards permitted, except for death, disability, a qualified retirement or termination without cause following a change in control. 4 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP AND SUSTAINABILITY We recognize that we have a corporate social responsibility not only to our investors, but also to our employees, their families and the communities in which we live and conduct our business. Accountability to our stockholders, employees, and communities, and a commitment to ethical business practices, motivates and anchors us. Our responsibility to stockholders requires a diligent commitment to excellence and a focus on sustainable profitability. This commitment to excellence also requires that we set the highest standards for business practices, ensure a safe and productive workplace for our employees, are stewards of the natural environments in which we operate, and share our success by giving back to our communities. Please refer to the corporate responsibility section of our website at https://www.reliance.com/environmental-social-and-governance/ for further information on our corporate citizenship and sustainability initiatives. The website addresses presented above and elsewhere in this proxy statement are intended to be inactive textual references only, and the information contained on our website is not part of this proxy statement and is not soliciting material. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD NOMINEES See Election of Directors on page 11 LISA L. BALDWIN Managing Director, Elliott Investment Management L.P. Independent Committee(s): Audit, Nominating and Governance KAREN W. COLONIAS Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. Independent Committee(s): Audit, Compensation (Chair) FRANK J. DELLAQUILA Former Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Emerson Electric Co. Independent Other Public Company Boards: Latham Group, Inc. Committee(s): Audit (Chair) JAMES K. KAMSICKAS Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dana Incorporated Independent Committee(s): Audit, Compensation KARLA R. LEWIS President and Chief Executive Officer, Reliance, Inc. Other Public Company Boards: The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company Committee(s): None ROBERT A. MCEVOY Former Managing Director, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Independent Committee(s): Compensation, Nominating and Governance DAVID W. SEEGER Former President of Zekelman Industries (formerly JMC Steel Group) Independent Committee(s): Compensation, Nominating and Governance (Chair) DOUGLAS W. STOTLAR Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Con-Way, Inc. Non-executive Chair of the Board Independent Other Public Company Boards: AECOM Committee(s): Nominating and Governance JOHN G. SZNEWAJS Partner, Shore Capital Independent Other Public Company Boards: Consumers Energy Company; CMS Energy Company Committee(s): Audit 6 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS VOTING MATTERS AND RECOMMENDATIONS Proposal 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (see page 11 ) The Board of Directors and the Nominating and Governance Committee believe that the combination of the various qualifications, skills and experiences of the director nominees will contribute to an effective and well-functioning Board of Directors and that, individually and as a whole, the director nominees possess the necessary qualifications and diversity to provide effective oversight of and quality advice and counsel to the Company s management. FOR EACH NOMINEE Proposal 2 ADVISORY VOTE ON THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (see page 12 ) We manage our business with the long-term objective of creating and maximizing value for our stockholders. Our pay-for-performance philosophy is aligned with and supports this objective. We are asking our stockholders to approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement. FOR Proposal 3 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (see page 13 ) The Audit Committee has selected KPMG LLP to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. KPMG LLP has served in this role since 2008. We are asking our stockholders to ratify this selection at the Annual Meeting. FOR Proposal 4 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL: STOCKHOLDERS ARE BEING ASKED TO CONSIDER A PROPOSAL REQUIRING DIRECTORS TO DEPART THE BOARD WITHIN NINE MONTHS OF FAILING TO RECEIVE A MAJORITY VOTE (see page 15 ) See the Board of Directors statement of opposition AGAINST such proposal. AGAINST investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS VOTING INFORMATION We are furnishing this proxy statement to the holders of our common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies on behalf of our Board of Directors for use at the Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors selected Arthur Ajemyan, our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and William A. Smith II, our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, or their designees, to be named as proxyholders to vote the shares of common stock represented by the proxies at the Annual Meeting. Reliance will pay the cost to solicit the proxies. The Board of Directors will solicit proxies by mail, by telephone, and electronically via the internet. In addition, certain of our officers and agents may solicit proxies by telephone, email and personal interview (the cost of which will be nominal). We expect that banks, brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries will forward soliciting material to beneficial owners and obtain authorizations to execute proxies. We will reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses they incur to forward our proxy materials. We have retained D.F. King Co., Inc. ( D.F. King ) to assist in the distribution and solicitation of proxies. Based on our agreement with D.F. King, we anticipate paying fees of approximately $12,000, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, for these services. Your bank, broker or financial institution is not able to vote on your behalf for the election of directors, or on any compensation or incentive award plan matter unless you provide specific instructions by completing and returning a proxy or voting instruction form or by following instructions provided to you by your bank, broker or financial institution to vote your shares which often include instructions on how to vote your shares via telephone or the internet. Voting your shares is important to ensure that you have a say in the governance of our Company. We intend only the four matters described in this proxy statement to be presented at the Annual Meeting. However, we may also transact any other business that properly comes before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Unless you instruct us otherwise on the proxy, each proxy will be voted FOR the election of all of the nominees named herein as directors; FOR the approval of the compensation of the Company s named executive officers; FOR the ratification of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; and AGAINST the stockholder proposal requiring directors to depart the Board within nine months of failing to receive a majority vote. We intend to make this proxy statement and accompanying material available to each stockholder on the internet beginning on or about April 2, 2026. An Annual Report on Form 10-K will also be available electronically. Some stockholders will receive these materials by mail and other stockholders may request copies of these materials at no cost. The stockholder letter is not incorporated in, and is not a part of, this proxy statement and does not constitute proxy-soliciting material. If you are a stockholder of record as of March 27, 2026 and execute a proxy or submit a proxy via the internet or telephone, the proxy may be revoked at any time before it is voted: by filing with our Corporate Secretary either an instrument revoking the proxy or a proxy bearing a later date, duly executed in either case; or by voting electronically at the virtual meeting. Any written instrument or later dated proxy should be sent or delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the address shown on the first page of this proxy statement and must be received prior to the Annual Meeting. In addition, prior to the deadline for internet or telephone voting, you may change your vote using the internet or telephone method, in which case only your latest internet or telephone proxy submitted before the deadline will be counted. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank, financial institution, or other nominee, then you are a beneficial holder, and you may change your vote by complying with the procedures contained in the voting instructions provided to you by your broker, bank, financial institution or other nominee. Even if you currently plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, the Company recommends that you also submit your proxy as described above so your vote will be counted if you later decide not to participate at the Annual Meeting. If you submit your vote by proxy and later decide to vote electronically at the Annual Meeting, the vote you submit at the Annual Meeting will override your proxy vote. 8 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS VOTING INFORMATION The presence at the virtual meeting or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at the meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Broker non-votes and abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. A broker non-vote occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner (i.e., in street name ) does not vote on a particular proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that item and has not received instructions from the beneficial owner. We believe that nominees only have discretionary voting power with respect to the ballot item addressing the ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION CONCERNING OUR COMMON STOCK Our only voting securities are shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share. As of the record date of March 27, 2026, we had a total of 51,108,881 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, all of which may be voted at the Annual Meeting. Only holders of shares of record on our books at the close of business on the record date will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Each nominee for election as a director at the Annual Meeting will only be elected if the votes cast FOR such nominee exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST such nominee, with abstentions and broker non-votes not counted as either votes FOR or AGAINST that nominee s election. As required by the Company s Bylaws, in the event that an incumbent director fails to receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election, such incumbent director is required to submit his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, contingent on acceptance of that resignation by the Board of Directors, within ten calendar days of the date of the certification of the election results. Pursuant to the procedures set forth in our Bylaws, the Nominating and Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board of Directors as to whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors will then act on the resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Governance Committee s recommendation within 90 days following certification of the election results, and the Company will publicly disclose such decision by the Board of Directors with respect to the director nominee. Each of the Nominating and Governance Committee, in making its recommendation, and the Board of Directors, in making its decision, may consider any factors and other information that they consider appropriate and relevant. A director who tenders his or her resignation is not permitted to participate in the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee or the decision of the Board of Directors with respect to his or her resignation. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of common stock that are present at the virtual meeting or by proxy and entitled to vote on the matter is required to: (i) approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of the NEOs; (ii) ratify the engagement of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; and (iii) approve the stockholder proposal requiring directors to depart the Board within nine months of failing to receive a majority vote. Abstentions will count as votes against such proposals. Broker non-votes will have no effect on Proposal Nos. 1, 2 and 4. Because the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP (Proposal No. 3) is considered a routine proposal, a broker holding shares as the nominee for a beneficial owner may vote for the proposal without voting instructions and, accordingly, we do not expect there to be any broker non-votes on Proposal No. 3. 10 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE AS A DIRECTOR. The Board proposes that nine directors, eight of whom are independent, be elected to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. Mrs. Lewis is not considered independent since Mrs. Lewis is our President and Chief Executive Officer. The Board possesses a broad range of qualifications and skills that facilitate strong oversight of the Company s management and strategy. The following matrix identifies the primary skills that the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board considered in connection with the re-nomination of the current directors.* For additional information regarding each nominee, see Board of Directors and Management beginning on page 18 . Lisa L. Baldwin Karen W. Colonias Frank J. Dellaquila James K. Kamsickas Karla R. Lewis Robert A. McEvoy David W. Seeger Douglas W. Stotlar John G. Sznewajs Senior leadership experience Accounting/financial experience Other public company board experience Operational management Capital markets/banking Mergers and Acquisitions Information Technology/Cybersecurity Industry Experience * The absence of a mark does not necessarily indicate that the director does not possess that qualification or skill. A majority of the votes cast is required for the election of each director at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Neither Reliance nor your bank, broker or financial institution is able to vote on your behalf for the election of directors unless you provide specific instructions by completing and returning a proxy or voting instruction form or you follow instructions provided to you by your bank, broker or financial institution, which often include instructions on how to vote your shares via telephone or the internet. We expect each nominee for election as a director will serve if elected. If any nominee is not able to serve, proxies may be voted by the proxyholders for substitute nominees, unless the Board chooses to reduce the number of directors serving on the Board. Certain information with respect to each nominee is set forth in Board of Directors and Management beginning on page 18 . investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 2 ADVISORY VOTE ON THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. We are asking our stockholders to approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in this proxy statement. It is Reliance s current policy to provide our stockholders with an opportunity to approve the compensation of our NEOs each year at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, we anticipate that the next such vote will occur at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We believe that the information we have provided below in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement demonstrates that our executive compensation program was designed appropriately and is working to ensure management s interests are aligned with our stockholders interests to support long-term value creation. Accordingly, we are asking our stockholders to approve, in an advisory, non-binding vote, the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Reliance, Inc. approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to Reliance, Inc. s named executive officers, as disclosed in the 2026 Proxy Statement pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission s compensation disclosure rules, including the CD A, the Summary Compensation Table and other compensation tables and the accompanying footnotes and narratives and any related material. Because your vote is advisory, it will not be binding upon the Board. However, the Board values our stockholders opinions, and the Compensation Committee will take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future executive compensation decisions. The affirmative vote of a majority of votes present at the virtual meeting or by proxy and entitled to vote is required to approve this proposal. Neither Reliance nor your bank, broker or financial institution is able to vote on your behalf to support the Company s executive compensation unless you provide specific instructions by completing and returning a proxy or voting instruction form or you follow instructions provided to you by your bank, broker or financial institution, which often include instructions on how to vote your shares via telephone or the internet. 12 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 3 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF KPMG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026. KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, billed us the fees set forth in the table below for services provided in the last two years: 2025 2024 Audit Fees $ 4,295,000 $ 4,075,000 Audit-related Fees 96,000 97,000 Tax Fees 12,000 13,000 All Other Fees Total Fees Billed $ 4,403,000 $ 4,185,000 Audit fees relate to services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, quarterly review of financial statements, audit services provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, including consents and comfort letters, and discussions surrounding the proper application of financial accounting and/or reporting standards. Audit-related fees are those fees for services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not included as audit fees. Tax fees are fees and expenses for professional services rendered by KPMG LLP in connection with U.S. and foreign tax compliance and planning, and consultation and advice on tax examinations. The Audit Committee approved all of these services in advance. The Audit Committee has adopted a pre-approval policy that requires that the Audit Committee approve in advance the services to be provided, the terms of the engagement letter, and all associated fees set forth in such letter for the independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, the Audit Committee will review proposed audit, audit-related, tax and other services that management desires the independent registered public accounting firm to perform to ensure that such services and the proposed fees related to the services will not impair the independent registered public accounting firm s independence and that such services and fees are consistent with the rules established by the SEC. Each quarter, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company reports to the Audit Committee which services, if any, were performed and the amount of any fees that were incurred. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chief Financial Officer the authority to add to, amend or modify the list of services to be provided or the amount of fees to be paid; provided that the Chief Financial Officer will report any action taken to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting and provided further that the fees involved are reasonably expected to be less than $50,000. The Audit Committee selected KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. KPMG LLP has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since 2008. The Board of Directors ratified this selection. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 3 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors believes there are significant benefits to having an independent registered public accounting firm with extensive history with the Company. These benefits include: the high quality of their audit work and accounting advice, as a result of their institutional knowledge of our businesses, global operations, key risks, accounting policies, financial systems and internal control framework; audit efficiency and effectiveness, resulting in a lower fee structure due to history and familiarity with our businesses; and time and expense avoided by management and staff in onboarding a new independent registered public accounting firm. At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will be asked to ratify and approve this selection. If the stockholders do not ratify the selection, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain KPMG LLP, but may still retain the firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may change the appointment at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. A representative of KPMG LLP is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. The affirmative vote of a majority of shares present at the virtual meeting or by proxy and entitled to vote is required to ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Because the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP is considered a routine proposal, a bank, broker or financial institution holding shares as the nominee for a beneficial owner may vote for the proposal without voting instructions and, accordingly, we do not expect there to be any broker non-votes on this proposal. 14 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 4 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUIRING DIRECTORS TO DEPART THE BOARD WITHIN NINE MONTHS OF FAILING TO RECEIVE A MAJORITY VOTE THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL NO. 4. PROXIES SOLICITED BY THE BOARD WILL BE SO VOTED UNLESS STOCKHOLDERS SPECIFY A CONTRARY CHOICE IN THEIR VOTING. In accordance with SEC rules, we have set forth below a stockholder proposal, along with the supporting statement of the stockholder proponent. The stockholder proposal and the supporting statement are included exactly as submitted to us by the stockholder proponent. The proposal may contain assertions about the Company or other matters that the Company believes are incorrect, but the Company has not attempted to refute all of those assertions. The Company disclaims responsibility for the accuracy and content of the stockholder proponent s proposal and supporting statement. The stockholder proposal is required to be voted on at the Annual Meeting only if properly presented. The name and address of the stockholder proponent is set forth below. As explained below, the Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote AGAINST the stockholder proposal. We have been advised that Mr. John Chevedden, 2215 Nelson Avenue, No. 205, Redondo Beach, California 90278, who has represented to us that he has held for at least three years prior to the date of submission of his proposal 50 shares of our common stock, intends to submit the following proposal at the 2026 Annual Meeting: Proposal 4 Directors Who Fail to Obtain a Majority Vote Shareholders request that the Board of Directors take the necessary steps to ensure that directors who fail to obtain a majority vote in a future uncontested shall leave the board as soon as possible but in no case shall such directors serve more than 9-months on the Board after such failed election. A vote of rejection by Reliance shareholders needs to be respected. Reliance shareholders often only vote on 3 items a year. The least that Reliance can do is to respect all 3 votes. If Reliance accepts shareholder approval of executive pay then Reliance should be prepared to accept shareholder rejection of a director. 9-months is adequate time for the Reliance to find a highly qualified replacement director. This proposal will give Reliance directors more of an incentive to perform. Now is a good time to improve shareholder oversight of the Reliance. Reliance stock was down 5% year over year in late 2025 despite a robust stock market. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 4 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUIRING DIRECTORS TO DEPART THE BOARD WITHIN NINE MONTHS OF FAILING TO RECEIVE A MAJORITY VOTE Statement in Opposition to Proposal No. 4 The Board considered Mr. Chevedden s proposal and, for the reasons described below, believes that the proposal is not in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws Already Provide an Effective and Comprehensive Remedy for Director Nominees Not Receiving a Majority Vote The Company s Bylaws already provide a market majority vote standard in the election of directors coupled with a director resignation policy, and therefore already address the concerns raised by the stockholder proposal. This standard, which provides that each director in an uncontested election (as defined in the Bylaws) will only be elected if he or she receives a majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election, underscores Reliance s focus on corporate governance best practices and provides for a greater level of accountability of directors to stockholders. Our majority voting standard places Reliance firmly in-line with other large-cap public companies. The vast majority of S P 500 companies have adopted a form of majority voting with a director resignation policy, a position which we believe is beneficial to creating long-term value for our stockholders. Delaware corporate law provides that each director shall hold office until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier resignation or removal. An incumbent director who fails to receive the required vote for election continues to serve as a holdover director. To address the potential of holdover directors, our Bylaws specifically require each incumbent director who fails to receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election to submit a resignation to the Board within ten calendar days of the date of the certification of the election results. The Board, acting on the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee (or such other committee designated by the Board), must determine whether to accept the resignation no later than 90 days following the certification of the election results, and the Company will then publicly disclose such decision by the Board of Directors with respect to the director nominee (and, if such resignation is rejected, the rationale behind the decision). Each of the Nominating and Governance Committee, in making its recommendation, and the Board of Directors, in making its determination, may consider any factors and other information that they consider appropriate and relevant. While no director has ever failed to receive a majority vote at Reliance s annual meetings, in the extraordinary event that an incumbent director fails to receive the majority of votes cast, the Board believes it is important that it retain discretion regarding what next steps should be taken to serve the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. There are a number of factors which need to be considered in deciding whether to accept a resignation which the Board must consider and balance, including, addressing a situation where the Board would lack a particular skill or experience if a resignation was accepted without the Board being able to consider alternatives, such as a proper recruitment of a qualified candidate. There also may be other facts and circumstances to consider in deciding whether the director should leave the Board, such as the possibility of addressing the reasons that led to the director s failure to receive a majority of votes cast. The proposal provides no flexibility in that regard as it would force the director to depart the Board no matter the circumstances. The Company s current director resignation policy allows the Board to use its discretion in determining whether to accept or reject a resignation based on the specific circumstances and in the best interests of stockholders, and effectively empowers the Board to secure the resignation of a director who fails to receive a majority vote and to facilitate an orderly transition. Implementing the Proposal Could Violate Delaware Law As described above, the Company s Bylaws require incumbent director nominees to submit resignations that the Board is required to consider and, where in the best interests of Reliance, accept in circumstances where a director fails to receive a majority of votes cast. The Company s Bylaws do not call for an immediate removal of a director who fails to receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election, but, rather, the Board, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties and in compliance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), is required to consider whether it is in the best interests of the Company to accept the resignation. The Company believes that forcing removal of an incumbent director who fails to receive a majority of votes cast would not comply with the requirements of the DGCL if the stockholder proposal is implemented. 16 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 4 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUIRING DIRECTORS TO DEPART THE BOARD WITHIN NINE MONTHS OF FAILING TO RECEIVE A MAJORITY VOTE The stockholder proposal would require that directors who fail to obtain a majority vote in a future uncontested [election] shall leave the board as soon as possible but in no case shall such directors serve more than 9-months on the Board after such failed election. This means that the stockholder proposal would eliminate the power of the Company s current and future directors to reject a director resignation, even if the Board, in the good faith exercise of its fiduciary duties under Delaware law, believes that accepting the resignation would be contrary to the interests of the Company and its stockholders (as discussed above). The stockholder proposal therefore mandates a substantive business decision on the part of the Board to not retain any director who has failed to receive a majority of the votes cast for his or her election even where the proper application of its fiduciary duties would require it to do otherwise, in violation of Delaware law. In addition, implementation of the stockholder proposal would effect the removal of a director without the vote required by DGCL, which is contrary to Delaware law. Pursuant to the DGCL, Reliance s directors may only be removed from office by a vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors. Meanwhile, Reliance s voting standard for director elections in uncontested elections, set forth in the Company s Bylaws, and referenced in the stockholder proposal, is the vote of a majority of votes cast with respect to that director s election. Because the Proposal would require that any holdover director who does not receive the majority of votes cast at an annual meeting be removed, the Proposal effectively substitutes the lower voting threshold of a majority of votes cast for the director removal voting standard prescribed by the DGCL. Delaware courts have held that a bylaw provision that permits shareholders to remove directors by a lesser voting standard than that prescribed by the DGCL is invalid under Delaware law. Our Stockholders Have Consistently Shown Strong Support of Our Director Nominees Our stockholders have consistently shown strong support for our director nominees over the years through their annual meeting votes. All of our director nominees have historically received overwhelmingly positive voting support from our stockholders. No director in the history of the Company has failed to receive the majority of stockholder votes in favor of his or her election. Our stockholders also have multiple meaningful channels to provide feedback on the Company s governance practices through the Company s robust and ongoing stockholder engagement program. Given the longstanding and continued support for our director nominees evidenced in Reliance s historical annual meeting voting records and feedback received in regular and consistent stockholder engagement, we believe that the stockholder proposal is unnecessary. Reliance has Demonstrated a Strong Commitment to Leading Corporate Governance Practices Reliance has demonstrated a commitment to corporate governance best practices and remains keenly interested in the views and concerns of our stockholders. The Company has adopted many practices that support the Board s responsiveness and accountability to our stockholders, including: annual election of all directors; majority voting in director elections; no supermajority stockholder approval requirements; independent, non-executive Chair of the Board; independence of our director nominees, with only our CEO being non-independent; the right of stockholders to act by written consent and the right of stockholders to call special meetings; and market-standard, robust proxy access right. For these reasons, the Board believes that the stockholder proposal is not in the best interests of Reliance and its stockholders. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding our directors and executive officers: Name Age Position with Reliance Karla R. Lewis 60 President and Chief Executive Officer; Director Stephen P. Koch 59 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Arthur Ajemyan 50 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer William A. Smith II 58 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Lisa L. Baldwin 57 Director Karen W. Colonias 68 Director Frank J. Dellaquila 69 Director James K. Kamsickas 59 Director Robert A. McEvoy 59 Director David W. Seeger 69 Director Douglas W. Stotlar 65 Director, non-executive Chair of the Board John G. Sznewajs 58 Director 18 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS LISA L. BALDWIN Independent Director Since: 2019 Age: 57 Current Committee Memberships: Audit Nominating and Governance Recent Business Experience: Lisa L. Baldwin was appointed a director of Reliance in October 2019 and is a member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. In 2022, Ms. Baldwin joined Elliott Investment Management L.P. ( Elliot ), an investment management firm, as a managing director. At Elliot, Ms. Baldwin focuses on mergers and acquisitions and on operational improvements at Elliot s portfolio companies. From 2013 until 2021, she served as the Chief Information Officer of Tiffany Co. ( Tiffany ), after having served as Vice President Strategic Services from 2011 to 2013. Prior to joining Tiffany, Ms. Baldwin served as Vice President Information Services at Coach Inc., a luxury goods company, ( Coach ) from 2008 to 2011. Prior to joining Coach, Ms. Baldwin worked at International Business Machines Corporation, a technology company, ( IBM ) from 1997 to 2008 as an information technology consultant in IBM s retail practice. Earlier in her career, Ms. Baldwin worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers, an accounting and consulting firm, as a consultant. Key Qualifications: The Board believes that Ms. Baldwin s leadership experience at Elliot provides valuable insight into evaluating and improving information technology at the Company. In addition, her experience at Tiffany and other firms provides valuable insights on mitigating cybersecurity risk, incorporating technology into our ongoing operations and utilizing technology-based solutions to streamline our business. Ms. Baldwin recently completed The National Association of Corporate Directors CyberRisk Oversight Program and earned a CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute. Based on her information technology and management experience, she provides valuable insight on risk management, cybersecurity and internal controls. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT KAREN W. COLONIAS Independent Director Since: 2016 Age: 68 Current Committee Memberships: Audit Compensation (Chair) Recent Past Public Board Service: Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. Recent Business Experience: Karen W. Colonias was appointed a director of Reliance in October 2016, has served as the Chair of the Compensation Committee since 2022, and is also a member of the Audit Committee. From December 2022 through June 2023, Ms. Colonias was the Executive Advisor of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. (NYSE: SSD) ( SSD ), a manufacturer of building materials. From January 2012 until December 2022, she served as SSD s President and Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Colonias served on SSD s board of directors from 2013 until April 26, 2023. From May 2009 to January 2012, Ms. Colonias served as SSD s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Prior to that, Ms. Colonias was Vice President of SSD s global structural product solutions subsidiary, Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc. and, in that capacity, managed Simpson Strong-Tie s manufacturing facility in Stockton, California from 2004 to 2009. From 1998 to 2009, as SSD s Vice President of Engineering, Ms. Colonias was responsible for Simpson Strong-Tie s research and development efforts. Ms. Colonias joined Simpson Strong-Tie in 1984 as an engineer in the research and development department, where she was responsible for the design and testing of new products and code development. Key Qualifications: Ms. Colonias is experienced in strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, facility and plant operations, international business and global finance. Based on her executive experience, including as the Chief Executive Officer of SSD, Ms. Colonias provides valuable insight on the management of the Company and its operations. 20 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT FRANK J. DELLAQUILA Independent Director Since: 2021 Age: 69 Current Committee Memberships: Audit (Chair) Other Public Board Service: Latham Group, Inc. Recent Past Public Board Service: Aptiv PLC Recent Business Experience: Frank J. Dellaquila was appointed a director of Reliance in October 2021 and is the Chair of the Audit Committee. From 2009 through May 2023, Mr. Dellaquila served as the Chief Financial Officer of Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE: EMR), a technology and engineering company. He joined Emerson in 1991 and held several senior financial executive positions including Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of a $3.6 billion business unit, and Senior Vice President of Acquisitions and Development before being named Chief Financial Officer in 2009. Mr. Dellaquila is a director of Latham Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: SWIM) ( SWIM ) and serves as the Chair of its audit committee. Mr. Dellaquila is also a director of FM Global, a privately-held mutual insurance company, and is a member of its finance committee. Mr. Dellaquila was a director of Aptiv PLC (NYSE: APTV) ( APTV ) from 2017 to 2020. During such time, Mr. Dellaquila also served on APTV s finance and audit committees. Mr. Dellaquila received a BS degree in accounting from Fordham University and an MBA in finance from Columbia University. Key Qualifications: Mr. Dellaquila has significant expertise in international finance and tax strategy and financial management from his experience as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Emerson. He also possesses extensive experience in financial controls, risk management, and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Dellaquila s experiences are valuable to Reliance and provide clear support for his nomination for election to the Board. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT JAMES K. KAMSICKAS Independent Director Since: 2024 Age: 59 Current Committee Memberships: Audit Compensation Recent Past Public Board Service: Dana Incorporated Recent Business Experience: James K. Kamsickas was appointed a director of Reliance in October 2024 and is a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. From 2015 through November 2024, Mr. Kamsickas served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Dana Incorporated (NYSE: DAN), a designer and manufacturer of propulsion and energy-management solutions that power vehicles and machines ( DANA ). From December 2019 through November 2024, Mr. Kamsickas also served as DANA s chairman of the board. Prior to joining DANA, Mr. Kamsickas served as President and Chief Executive Officer of International Automotive Components Group S.A. ( IAC ), a global supplier of automotive interior components and systems. He also served as a member of IAC s Board of Directors from 2007 to 2015. In addition, he previously served as head of Lear Corporation s Interior Systems Division and held several additional senior leadership roles within that organization. Mr. Kamsickas earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Central Michigan University and a Master of Business Administration degree from Michigan State University. Key Qualifications: Based on his experience as a chief executive officer of global industrial companies, Mr. Kamsickas offers valuable insight into management of the Company and its growth. Mr. Kamsickas experience as Chairman and CEO of DANA brings strong business and leadership and human capital management skills, including extensive experience in leading business operations in international markets. Mr. Kamsickas experiences are valuable to Reliance and provide clear support for his nomination for election to the Board. 22 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT KARLA R. LEWIS Director Since: 2021 Age: 60 President and Chief Executive Officer, Reliance, Inc. Other Public Board Service: The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company Recent Business Experience: Karla R. Lewis became Chief Executive Officer of Reliance in January 2023 after being appointed to the Board and as President in January 2021. From March 2015 until her promotion to President in January 2021, Mrs. Lewis served as our Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mrs. Lewis joined Reliance in 1992 as Corporate Controller and has held various positions of increasing responsibility since then, including serving as Chief Financial Officer from 1999 until January 2021. She was promoted to Senior Vice President in 2000, Executive Vice President in 2002 and Senior Executive Vice President in 2015. Prior to joining Reliance, Mrs. Lewis, a certified public accountant (inactive), was employed by Ernst Young LLP (Ernst Whinney) in various professional staff positions. Mrs. Lewis serves as a member of the board of directors of the Metals Service Center Institute ( MSCI ). Mrs. Lewis is also a member of The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company (Nasdaq: GT) ( Goodyear ) board of directors and serves as a member of its Governance Committee and Human Capital and Compensation Committee. Key Qualifications: As the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Mrs. Lewis has long-time relationships with the Company s investors and an in-depth knowledge of the Company s operations, financial position and its strategic vision. Mrs. Lewis analyzes the Company s organic growth initiatives and evaluates potential acquisitions and opportunities to expand our business and has the skills and experience with the day-to-day operations of the Company necessary to guide its strategy. Mrs. Lewis is active in overseeing the Company s acquisition strategy and has been involved with all of the Company s acquisitions since our initial public offering in September 1994, which have totaled over 75. Mrs. Lewis has been a long-time member of the board of directors of the MSCI and is well respected within the metals service center industry and by investors, financial institutions, and credit rating agencies. As the former Chief Financial Officer of the Company, she has proven her ability to raise debt and equity capital for the Company. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT ROBERT A. MCEVOY Independent Director Since: 2015 Age: 59 Current Committee Memberships: Compensation Nominating and Governance Recent Business Experience: Robert A. McEvoy was appointed to the Board of Directors in October 2015 and is a member of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. McEvoy s breadth of knowledge and experience includes the metals industry, mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, and equity portfolio management. Mr. McEvoy retired from The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ( Goldman Sachs ), a multinational investment bank and financial services company, in April 2014 after nine years with the firm. As a managing director at Goldman Sachs, Mr. McEvoy was a portfolio manager focused on the materials and industrials sectors. From 1989 to 2001, Mr. McEvoy held various positions with the investment banking firms of Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette and Credit Suisse First Boston. Key Qualifications: Mr. McEvoy s investment banking and equity investment background, including his particular focus on the metals and mining industry and prior investment banking and analyst experience covering Reliance, enables him to assist the Board and the Company with the benefit of his knowledge of our Company, our industry and competitors, capital markets and financing strategies. Mr. McEvoy s experience as an investor provides the Board and management perspective on the landscape in which Reliance competes for capital. Mr. McEvoy s investment banking experience offers insight and experience in evaluating capital market activities and merger and acquisition opportunities. Mr. McEvoy s historical knowledge of Reliance and the global metals industry as a former analyst covering Reliance and other metals companies affords him a unique perspective and understanding of our business. DAVID W. SEEGER Independent Director Since: 2021 Age: 69 Current Committee Memberships: Compensation Nominating and Governance (Chair) Recent Business Experience: David W. Seeger was appointed a director of Reliance in July 2021, has served as the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee since 2025, and is also a member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Seeger served on the board of directors of Zekelman Industries (formerly JMC Steel Group) from 2014 to 2021 and as President from 2010 to 2016. Mr. Seeger has held numerous leadership positions in the metals industry throughout his career, including President of Atlas Tube, a division of JMC Steel Group, from 2005 to 2009. Other than his service on Zekelman Industries board of directors, Mr. Seeger has been retired since 2016. Mr. Seeger received a BA degree in business administration from Michigan State University and an MBA from Loyola University Chicago. Key Qualifications: Mr. Seeger has a strong knowledge of the metals industry. As the former President and director of Zekelman Industries, Mr. Seeger has extensive knowledge of steel suppliers and our peer companies and potential acquisition targets that operate in the steel distribution industry, as well as familiarity with the management teams and owners of these companies. Mr. Seeger understands the factors that impact pricing and demand, as well as market factors that impact mills and how they will ultimately impact metals service centers. We believe Mr. Seeger s experience offers an informed perspective of the Company s suppliers, which is valuable to Reliance and its stockholders. 24 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT DOUGLAS W. STOTLAR Independent Director Since: 2016 Age: 65 Non-executive Chair of the Board Current Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance Other Public Board Service: AECOM Recent Past Public Board Service: LSC Communications, Inc. Recent Business Experience: Douglas W. Stotlar was appointed a director of Reliance in October 2016. Mr. Stotlar was elected non-executive Chair of the Board effective January 2025 and is a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. Stotlar served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Con-way, Inc., a transportation and logistics company (previously known as CNF Inc.) from April 2005 until October 2015. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Con-way Transportation Services Inc. ( CTS ), a regional trucking enterprise and a subsidiary of Con-way, Inc., from 2004 until 2005. Mr. Stotlar also served as CTS Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2002 until 2004, and as CTS Executive Vice President of Operations from 1997 until 2002. He served as Vice President at large and was a member of the executive committee of the American Trucking Association and as a director for the Detroit branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago from December 2014 until December 2016. Mr. Stotlar currently serves as the Lead Independent Director of the Board at AECOM (NYSE: ACM). Mr. Stotlar is a member of the AECOM Nominating and Governance and Audit Committees. Mr. Stotlar was previously a director of LSC Communications, Inc. from 2016 to 2021, then a NYSE-listed public company. Key Qualifications: Mr. Stotlar brings substantial knowledge of the logistics industry, which is important in our business. We believe that Mr. Stotlar s prior experience as a chief executive officer of a public company provides insight on stockholder relations and management matters. In addition, Mr. Stotlar s experience on boards of other public companies positions him well to serve as the non-executive Chair of our Board. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT JOHN G. SZNEWAJS Independent Director Since: 2025 Age: 58 Current Committee Memberships: Audit Other Public Board Service: CMS Energy Corporation; Consumers Energy Company Recent Business Experience: John G. Sznewajs was appointed a director of Reliance in October 2025 and is a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Sznewajs is currently a partner at Shore Capital, a lower middle-market private equity firm. From 2007 to 2023, Mr. Sznewajs served as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Masco Corporation (NYSE: MAS), a global manufacturer and marketer of branded home improvement and building products and services. Mr. Sznewajs is also currently a director of CMS Energy Corporation (NYSE: CMS), an energy company operating primarily in Michigan, and serves on its audit, finance, and executive committees. He also serves on the board of directors of CMS Energy Corporation s principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy Company (NYSE:CMS-P). Mr. Sznewajs was identified as a director candidate by a third-party search firm and was then recommended to the Board by the Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. Sznewajs earned a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Kalamazoo College and a Master of Business Administration degree from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Key Qualifications: Mr. Sznewajs has extensive experience in business and corporate development. His background and knowledge in financial matters, and previous oversight of information technology at Masco Corporation, along with in-depth experience in enterprise-wide strategy, qualify him to serve on the Board. In addition, Mr. Sznewajs experience in private equity and service on the board of another public company positions him well to serve on our Board. 26 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE OFFICERS In addition to Mrs. Lewis, the other executive officers of Reliance are as follows: Stephen P. Koch , 59, became Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) in July 2022. Mr. Koch had served as Senior Vice President, Operations since April 2010. From July 2007 until he joined Reliance, Mr. Koch was President of Chapel Steel Corp., a subsidiary of Reliance. Prior to that he held the positions of Executive Vice President of Chapel Steel Corp. from 2005 to June 2007, and Vice President of Chapel Steel Corp. from 1995 to 2005 and had previously served as Sales Manager of Chapel Steel Corp. Arthur Ajemyan , 50, became Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) in February 2022. Mr. Ajemyan had served as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since January 2021, having been promoted from Vice President, Corporate Controller, a position which he had held since May 2014. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Ajemyan served as the Company s Corporate Controller. From 2005 to 2012, Mr. Ajemyan held various positions in the accounting and finance departments at Reliance. Prior to joining Reliance, Mr. Ajemyan, a certified public accountant (inactive), held various professional staff and manager positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1998 to 2005. William A. Smith II , 58, was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in May 2015, having served as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since May 2013. From August 2009 to May 2013, Mr. Smith served as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Metals USA Holdings Corp., a publicly traded metals service center business acquired by Reliance in April 2013. From June 2005 to August 2008, Mr. Smith served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Cross Match Technologies, Inc. and also as Director of Corporate Development from September 2006 to August 2008. Prior to that, he was a partner in the corporate and securities practice group of the international law firm DLA Piper, where he practiced corporate law, including mergers and acquisitions. OTHER CORPORATE OFFICERS In addition, the following Reliance officers make significant contributions to our Company: Brenda S. Miyamoto , 53, became Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning Programs in February 2025. From 2012 until February 2025, Ms. Miyamoto served as Vice President, Corporate Initiatives and was our Vice President, Corporate Controller from 2007 until 2012. Prior to that time, Ms. Miyamoto served as Corporate Controller from January 2004 until May 2007. Prior to joining Reliance, Ms. Miyamoto, a certified public accountant (inactive), was employed by Ernst Young LLP in various professional staff and manager positions. David P. DiBoyan , 56, became Vice President, Environmental, Health, and Safety in May 2025. From February 2018 until joining Reliance, Mr. DiBoyan was the Vice President, EHS at Hexcel Corporation (NYSE: HXL). From 2014 to 2017, he was the Global Director Environment, Health, Safety and Security of Chemtura Corporation until its acquisition by Lanxess AG. Mr. DiBoyan has over 35 years of environmental, health and safety experience, and is a board-certified safety professional (CSP) and certified industrial hygienist (CIH). Jeffrey W. Durham , 63, became Vice President, Leadership and Development Advisor in January 2026. From January 2019 until January 2026, Mr. Durham served as Senior Vice President, Operations. From 2014 until January 2019, Mr. Durham was Vice President, Merchandising of our subsidiary, Earle M. Jorgensen Company ( EMJ ). Mr. Durham joined EMJ in 1985 and held various leadership roles in sales, general management and purchasing. Tricia Emmerman , 55, became Vice President, Enterprise Risk in January 2026. Ms. Emmerman joined Reliance in 2010 as Associate General Counsel. Prior to joining Reliance, Ms. Emmerman served as Corporate Counsel at Kilroy Realty Corporation and The Campbell s Company and was an associate at the international law firms of Latham Watkins and Davis Polk, where she practiced corporate law. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT Michael R. Hynes , 59, became Vice President, Operations in January 2026. From July 2022 until January 2026, Mr. Hynes served as Senior Vice President, Operations. From January 2019 until July 2022, Mr. Hynes served as President of Phoenix Corporation, a subsidiary of Reliance ( Phoenix Metals ). Mr. Hynes joined Phoenix Metals in 2007 and held various leadership roles in sales and general management. Prior to joining Phoenix Metals, Mr. Hynes held various roles of increasing responsibility at one of the Company s operating divisions. Vandy C. Lupton , 50, became Vice President, Health Human Resources in May 2021, having been promoted from Executive Director, Health Human Resources, a position she held since March 2020. Ms. Lupton joined Reliance in 2012 as Director of Change Management. Prior to joining Reliance, Ms. Lupton served as a consultant with Accenture plc. Ms. Lupton is a member of the Society for Human Resource Management. Brian M. Yamaguchi , 57, became Vice President, Supplier Development in July 2021, having previously served as Senior Director, Supplier Development, a position he had held since 2014. From 1986 until July 2021, Mr. Yamaguchi held various positions of increasing responsibility in sales and merchandising at EMJ. Silva Yeghyayan , 58, became Vice President, Tax in August 2012, having been promoted from Director, Tax, a position she had held since October 2005. Ms. Yeghyayan is a certified public accountant and was a tax consultant from April 2004 until joining Reliance in 2005. Ms. Yeghyayan was Senior Tax Manager at Grant Thornton LLP from 2000 to 2004, and held various professional staff and manager positions at Arthur Andersen LLP from 1989 to 2000. 28 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes our executive compensation program and philosophy, the compensation decisions made by the Compensation Committee and the factors considered in making those decisions. This CD A focuses on 2025 compensation decisions for our executives, including the Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) identified below. NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Karla R. Lewis President and Chief Executive Officer Arthur Ajemyan Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Stephen P. Koch Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer William A. Smith II Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Net sales of $14.3 billion in 2025, up 3.3% year-over-year. Record 6.4 million tons sold, up 400 thousand tons year-over-year, or 6.2%, far outpacing industry shipments which were down 1% year-over-year. Gross profit margin declined 100 basis points year-over-year to 28.7%, primarily due to tariff-related temporary LIFO margin pressure. However, we increased FIFO gross profit margin by 80 basis points and FIFO pretax income by over $87 million. Returned almost $850 million to our stockholders in 2025. See 2025 Financial and Operating Highlights below for a description of FIFO gross profit margin and FIFO pretax income, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Consistent with both the philosophy and design of our compensation plans, compensation of our NEOs in 2025 aligned with our solid operational and financial performance. Our NEOs received payouts under our 2025 annual cash incentive plan equal to 156.4% of such NEO s base salary compared to a payout of 215.8% for 2024; and the performance-based equity awards granted to our NEOs in 2023 that vested in 2025 paid out at 196.2% in February 2026, based on Company performance over the three-year performance measurement period ended December 31, 2025; each reflecting management s delivery of industry-leading operating results. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2025 Financial and Operating Highlights The following table highlights our financial and operating results in 2025 and 2024: 2025 2024 Net sales $ 14.29 billion $ 13.84 billion Gross profit (1) $ 4.11 billion $ 4.11 billion Gross profit margin (1) 28.7% 29.7% LIFO expense (income) $ 113.7 million $ (144.4) million Gross profit margin FIFO (1) 29.5% 28.7% Pretax income $ 969.2 million $ 1,139.9 million Pretax income FIFO (1) $ 1,082.9 million $ 995.5 million Net income Reliance $ 739.4 million $ 875.2 million Earnings per diluted share $ 13.98 $ 15.56 Change in Reliance closing market price 7.3% (3.7)% Pretax Income Margin Annual Cash Incentive Plan (3) 6.91% 8.44% Tons Sold Growth Annual Cash Incentive Plan (2)(3) 7.27% 6.05% Annual return on assets ( ROA ) (4) 10.15% 11.57% Quarterly dividend rate increase 9.1% 10.0% (1) Gross profit, calculated as net sales less cost of sales, and gross profit margin, calculated as gross profit divided by net sales, are non-GAAP financial measures as they exclude depreciation and amortization expense associated with the corresponding sales. Gross profit margin FIFO is calculated as gross profit plus LIFO expense (or minus LIFO income) divided by net sales. Pretax income FIFO is calculated as pretax income plus LIFO expense (or minus LIFO income). About half of Reliance s orders are basic distribution with no processing services performed. For the remainder of its sales orders, Reliance performs first-stage processing, which is generally not labor intensive as it is simply cutting the metal to size. Because of this, the amount of related labor and overhead, including depreciation and amortization, is not significant and is excluded from cost of sales. Therefore, Reliance s cost of sales is substantially composed of the cost of the material it sells. Reliance uses gross profit margin as shown above as a measure of operating performance. Gross profit margin is an important operating and financial measure, as fluctuations in our gross profit margin can have a significant impact on Reliance s earnings. Gross profit margin, as presented, is not necessarily comparable with similarly titled measures for other companies. (2) Tons Sold Growth (as defined below) excludes toll processed tons. (3) Presented below is pretax income margin (pretax income as a percentage of net sales), which excludes various non-recurring charges and credits ( Pretax Income Margin ) and Tons Sold Growth calculated in accordance with our annual cash incentive plan. (dollars in millions) 2025 2024 Pretax income $ 969.2 $ 1,139.9 Impairment and restructuring charges 28.4 25.1 Non-recurring income of acquisitions (3.6 ) Non-recurring settlement charges, net 0.3 4.1 Debt restructuring charge 0.3 1.5 Gains related to sales of non-core assets (9.8 ) Non-GAAP pretax income $ 988.4 $ 1,167.0 Net sales $ 14,294.3 $ 13,835.0 Pretax Income Margin Annual Cash Incentive Plan 6.91 % 8.44 % 30 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2025 2024 Growth in tons sold Reliance 6.23 % 4.05 % MSCI Benchmark growth (decline) (1.04 )% (2.00 )% Tons Sold Growth Annual Cash Incentive Plan 7.27 % 6.05 % (4) NEO performance-based equity awards are tied to achieving an ROA target over a three-year performance measurement period. Presented below is Company ROA calculated in accordance with our performance-based restricted stock awards, which is calculated as operating income, excluding various non-recurring charges and credits for the year, divided by average total assets for the year. (dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Operating income $ 1,012.7 $ 1,160.0 $ 1,739.5 Impairment and restructuring charges 28.4 25.1 2.2 Non-recurring income of acquisitions (3.6 ) Non-recurring settlement charges, net 4.0 4.1 Gains related to sales of non-core assets (9.8 ) (3.8 ) Non-GAAP operating income $ 1,035.3 $ 1,185.6 $ 1,737.9 Total assets beginning of year $ 10,021.8 $ 10,480.3 $ 10,329.9 Total assets end of year $ 10,373.3 $ 10,021.8 $ 10,480.3 Total assets average $ 10,197.6 $ 10,251.1 $ 10,405.1 Annual ROA (2025) 10.15% Annual ROA (2024) 11.57% 11.57% Annual ROA (2023) 16.70% 16.70% 16.70% Annual ROA (2022) 25.32% 25.32% Annual ROA (2021) 22.24% ROA for three-year performance period ended December 31, 12.81% 17.86% 21.42% Performance-based equity award grant vested 2023 2022 2021 Net sales in 2025 were $14.29 billion, an increase of 3.3% from $13.84 billion in 2024, driven by record tons sold which increased 6.2%, partially offset by a 2.6% decline in average selling price per ton sold. Same-store and total tons sold increased 5.3% and 6.2%, respectively, compared to 2024. Our growth in tons sold outperformed the 1.0% year-over-year decline in industry shipments reported by the MSCI. Gross profit margin declined 100 basis points year-over-year to 28.7%, primarily due to tariff-related temporary LIFO margin pressure. In 2025, earnings per diluted share were $13.98, and operating cash flow totaled $831.4 million. Excluding significant LIFO impacts in 2025 and 2024, earnings per share improved 14.5%. We continued to execute our disciplined and balanced capital allocation strategy in 2025, returning $848.8 million to stockholders through $594.1 million of share repurchases and $254.7 million of dividends, while also investing $328.9 million in capital expenditures to support organic growth. We have paid regular quarterly dividends to our stockholders for over 66 consecutive years without reduction or suspension. Since our 1994 IPO, we have increased our dividend 33 times, and our regular quarterly dividend rate has increased more than 700% since 2012, from $0.15 per share to $1.25 per share for the first quarter of 2026. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 for a more detailed discussion of our results of operations in 2025 compared to 2024 and our financial condition. Changes to 2025 Incentive Plans In July 2024, the Compensation Committee, in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance LLC ( Pay Governance ), and with input from management, determined that it would be in the best interests investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS of the Company s stockholders to increase the weighting of the Tons Sold Growth metric under the annual cash incentive plan for 2025 from 10% to 20% of the total opportunity. The Compensation Committee retained the same two performance metrics (Pretax Income Margin and Tons Sold Growth) for the annual cash incentive plan as in 2024 and prior years, but determined to place additional emphasis on the Tons Sold Growth metric due to its importance in promoting growth of the Company s business and use by the Board and management as a key performance indicator in evaluating the Company s performance. Consistent with previous years, in 2025 each NEO had a target annual cash incentive award of 150% of their respective base salaries. For the 2025 annual cash incentive award, 80% of any award earned under the annual cash incentive plan was based on Pretax Income Margin and 20% of any award earned was based on Tons Sold Growth, compared to 90% and 10% for such metrics in 2024, respectively. The 2025 performance targets for each of the Pretax Income Margin metric and Tons Sold Growth metric were unchanged from 2024. The allocation of the target annual cash incentive award between the two performance measures in 2025 and 2024 is set forth below: 2024 2025 Pretax Income Margin 2025 Performance Award (% of Base Salary) 2024 Performance Award (% of Base Salary) Threshold 5% 20% 20% Target 7.5% 120% 135% Maximum 10% 240% 270% Tons Sold Growth 2025 Performance Award (% of Base Salary) 2024 Performance Award (% of Base Salary) Threshold Equal to MSCI Benchmark 0% 0% Target 1% in excess of MSCI Benchmark 30% 15% Maximum 2% in excess of MSCI Benchmark 60% 30% Executive Compensation Program Design Our executive compensation program is designed to reward the Company s executive officers for delivering strong operational and financial performance and results, attract and retain key executive talent, and align executive compensation with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Our stockholders have been highly supportive of our program s pay-for-performance structure as demonstrated by our say-on-pay voting results receiving at least 95% approval in each of the last five years from 2021 through 2025. The Compensation Committee viewed the results of our 2025 say-on-pay vote as an affirmation by our stockholders of their support for the Company s executive compensation program. Based on this support, the Compensation Committee has generally maintained the structure of our executive compensation program. 32 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS As described in more detail below, we structure our executive officers target total direct compensation to be competitive with the median compensation paid by companies with whom we may compete for executive talent, including those in our executive compensation peer group. We tie most of our executives compensation to Company performance objectives to drive financial and operating performance and reward executives for delivering stockholder value. We believe that this pay-for-performance philosophy has been instrumental to our success. We manage our business with the long-term objective of creating and maximizing value for our stockholders. Our pay-for-performance philosophy is aligned with and supports this objective. Consistent with our past practice, the Compensation Committee evaluates performance by reviewing: our operating and financial results, including performance against our executive compensation peer group, our industry peers, and general economic factors that impact our business and industry; economic return to stockholders over time, both on an absolute basis and relative to other companies, including the S P 500, our executive compensation peer group and our industry peers; and achievement of the Company s goals and objectives (including management development and succession, safety performance, working capital management, growth in profitability and volume, and effective capital allocation). The Compensation Committee has linked a substantial majority of our executives total direct compensation directly to the achievement of specific, pre-established Company performance targets. In 2025, approximately 74% of our CEO s and 70% of our other NEOs target total direct compensation was tied to performance targets. While most of our NEOs target total direct compensation is tied to annual and long-term performance objectives, the Company does not have a prescribed formula as to what those pay elements should be as a percentage of each executive s total pay. Relationship Between Pay and Performance The majority of our executives compensation is tied to performance through annual cash incentive awards and long-term equity incentive awards. Management delivered industry-leading operating results in 2025, with a 6.2% increase in tons sold compared to an industry decline of 1.0%. Earnings per diluted share reported under our LIFO method of inventory valuation declined 10.2% from our fourth highest result in 2024, but increased 14.5% when excluding significant LIFO impacts in both years. Annual Cash Incentive Award Plan Consistent with the delivery of industry-leading results in 2025, each NEO received payments under our annual cash incentive plan: (i) above the threshold but below the target level under the Pretax Income Margin metric; and (ii) at the maximum level under the Tons Sold Growth metric, resulting in a total payout equal to 156.4% of base salary for each NEO. For 2025, 80% of the award opportunity available under the annual cash incentive plan was based on the Company s Pretax Income Margin and 20% of the award opportunity was based on growth in tons sold relative to the MSCI Benchmark. In 2025, the target allocation of the cash incentive award between the two separate performance metrics was as follows: ANNUAL CASH INCENTIVE PAY MIX AS A PERCENTAGE OF BASE SALARY AT TARGET RESULTS investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Pretax Income Margin portion of the annual cash incentive plan opportunity for 2025 was established on a sliding scale as set forth below: Pretax Income Margin 2025 Performance Award (% of Base Salary) Threshold 5% 20% Target 7.5% 120% Maximum 10% 240% These goals were unchanged from those used in 2024 as the Company and Committee believed they were sufficiently demanding and consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy. 2025 Pretax Income Margin (calculated in accordance with our annual cash incentive plan) was 6.91%, which resulted in each NEO earning an award under the Pretax Income Margin portion of the annual cash incentive plan equal to 96.4% of their base salary as determined by straight-line interpolation within the applicable threshold to target payout range. See page 30 . For 2025, the Compensation Committee set the portion of the target annual cash incentive award to be earned based upon Tons Sold Growth at 30% of base salary, which amount would be earned if growth in tons sold exceeded the MSCI Benchmark by 1%. The maximum award of 60% of base salary would be earned if growth in tons sold exceeded the MSCI Benchmark by 2%. No payment under the Tons Sold Growth metric would be made if tons sold decline year-over-year or fail to exceed the MSCI Benchmark. The Tons Sold Growth portion of the annual cash incentive plan opportunity for 2025 was established on a sliding scale as set forth in the table below. Growth in Tons Sold 2025 Performance Award (% of Base Salary) Threshold Equal to MSCI Benchmark 0% Target 1% in excess of MSCI Benchmark 30% Maximum 2% in excess of MSCI Benchmark 60% As with our Pretax Income Margin goals, our Tons Sold Growth objectives were unchanged from those used in 2024. 2025 Tons Sold Growth (calculated in accordance with our annual cash incentive plan) was 7.27%, which resulted in each NEO receiving the maximum award, or 60% of base salary, under the portion of the 2025 annual cash incentive plan related to the Tons Sold Growth metric. See page 30 . The Compensation Committee, in consultation with Pay Governance and with input from management, selected Pretax Income Margin and Tons Sold Growth as the performance metrics for the annual cash incentive opportunity for 2025. The Compensation Committee selected Pretax Income Margin because it aligns with how management and the Board measure the Company s performance and is typically one of the most important metrics used in the Company s corporate and operational decision-making in evaluating how well management converts revenues into pretax profit. Tons Sold Growth was selected as a second performance metric by the Compensation Committee because it promotes growth, compares the Company s performance against an industry indicator, and complements and achieves an appropriate balance with the Pretax Income Margin metric. The combination of maintaining or increasing our gross profit margin, which is a key driver of our pretax margin, and increasing our tons sold are critical to our growth and value creation strategy. The target and actual cash incentive awards provided to our NEOs for 2025 were as follows: End of Year Base Salary ($) Target (%) Base Salary Actual Award for 2025 Performance ($) Actual (%) Base Salary Karla R. Lewis 1,325,000 150% 2,072,300 156.4% Arthur Ajemyan 725,000 150% 1,133,900 156.4% Stephen P. Koch 795,000 150% 1,243,380 156.4% William A. Smith II 665,000 150% 1,040,060 156.4% 34 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation Plan The Compensation Committee makes annual awards of both service-based and performance-based long term equity incentive compensation. The allocation of performance-based and service-based equity awards is intended to balance performance and retention objectives. In striking an appropriate balance between performance-based and service-based equity awards, the Compensation Committee seeks to incentivize strong performance while also strengthening the retention aspects of the long-term equity awards since the Company does not maintain employment agreements with its officers. In 2024, 2025 and 2026, 80% of the CEO, CFO and COO s target equity awards are performance-based and 70% of the other NEO s target equity awards are performance-based. The NEOs performance-based equity awards are tied to achieving an ROA target over a three-year measurement period. The Compensation Committee has determined that a three-year ROA measurement period, which is directly influenced by management s decisions and market conditions, is an effective metric to measure management s long-term performance. ROA also complements and achieves an appropriate balance with the one-year Pretax Income Margin and Tons Sold Growth metrics under the annual cash incentive award program by holding management responsible for the efficient use of assets to produce growth and operating profits over a multi-year period. The issued and outstanding 2024, 2025 and 2026 performance-based equity awards will vest if the Company achieves an ROA result at or above 7% over the applicable three-year performance periods, subject to a prescribed maximum. The goals associated with the performance-based awards granted in 2025 and 2026 were unchanged from the performance-based awards granted in 2024. The performance-based awards granted in 2025 and 2026 will vest if the Company achieves an ROA result over a three-year performance period ending December 31, 2027 and 2028, respectively, at or above 7%. The three-year ROA performance metrics for the performance-based equity awards granted in 2024, 2025 and 2026 are set forth in the following table: 2024/2025/2026 Awards 3-Year ROA Awards Vested (%) Threshold 7% 25% Target 10% 100% Maximum 13% 200% Results for the performance-based equity awards granted in 2023 were determined in February 2026 based on the Company s ROA in the three-year measurement period from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025. The Company s ROA in the three-year measurement period was 12.81%, which is above the target and resulted in 196.2% of the target number of awards vesting, based on straight-line interpolation within the applicable target to maximum payout range. See page 31 . investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Key Executive Compensation Practices What We Do We align executive compensation with the interests of our stockholders: Strong pay-for-performance compensation structure. In 2025, approximately 74% of our CEO s and 70% of our other NEOs target total direct compensation was tied to performance metrics. See pages 32 37 . Target total direct compensation of our NEOs designed to approximate the market median of our executive compensation peer group when target performance levels are achieved. See page 37 . In 2024, 2025 and 2026, 80% of the CEO, CFO and COO s target equity awards were performance-based and 70% of the other NEO s target equity awards were performance-based. See page 43 . Stock ownership requirements applicable to all directors and corporate officers, including the NEOs. See pages 47 69 . Policy for recovery of erroneously awarded compensation (clawback) that applies to all incentive cash and equity compensation. See page 48 . Actual payouts and realized pay levels of our NEOs that historically have been highly aligned with the annual and long-term returns received by our stockholders. Our executive compensation program is designed to reward the Company s executive officers for strong operational and financial performance and to avoid excessive risk-taking: Double-trigger provisions for accelerated vesting of equity awards upon a change in control. See page 45 . All NEO performance-based equity awards are tied to three-year performance targets. See page 43 . Broad and deep distribution of equity awards throughout management while managing the dilutive impact and expense associated with those awards. See page 43 . No perquisites for NEOs. See page 45 . Annual stockholder advisory vote to approve NEO compensation. See page 12 . Independent compensation committee. See page 40 . Independent compensation consultant. See page 41 . Independent, non-executive Chair of the Board enhances the effectiveness of the Board s oversight and governance and compensation practices. See page 67 . All employee equity awards are subject to a minimum one-year vesting period, except with respect to a maximum of 5% of the remaining shares available for issuance under the Plan. What We Don t Do We adhere to executive compensation best practices: No incentive plan design or feature which would encourage excessive risk-taking. No possibility of unlimited compensation; all variable compensation plans have caps on plan formulas. No employment agreements, change in control/golden parachute agreements or other similar agreements with any executive officer. See page 45 . No tax gross-ups for perquisites, change in control excise taxes or otherwise. No hedging of Reliance securities permitted by directors, officers and designated insider employees subject to our Insider Trading and Securities Compliance Policy. See page 48 . No pledging of Reliance securities permitted by directors, officers and designated insider employees subject to our Insider Trading and Securities Compliance Policy. See page 48 . No acceleration of unvested awards permitted, except for death, disability, a qualified retirement or termination without cause following a change in control. 36 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2025 Say On Pay Vote In 2025, our stockholders overwhelmingly approved, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our NEOs, with approximately 95% of the votes cast in favor of such compensation. In addition, we believe our stockholders have been highly supportive of our compensation program, as demonstrated by our say-on-pay voting results achieving at least 95% of the votes cast in favor of such compensation in each of the last five years from 2021 through 2025. The Compensation Committee considers the favorable advisory vote as support for its belief that the Company s pay-for-performance policy operates as it was designed, aligning the interests of our executive officers and stockholders and driving the NEOs performance to enhance long-term stockholder value and achieve Company objectives. OVERVIEW OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM Compensation Program Objectives Our compensation program is designed and managed to align executive compensation with Company performance, motivate our executives to deliver financial and operating results that create and maximize value for our stockholders, and attract and retain key executive talent. While the Compensation Committee has structured individual components of pay to vary from market medians, it aims for our NEOs target total compensation to approximate the market median when performance targets are achieved. We believe it is important that our executive compensation program: Aligns the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders. We align the financial interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders by tying the majority of our executives incentive compensation directly to Company performance. In addition, we have implemented significant stock ownership requirements for our executive officers to strengthen the alignment of their interests and our stockholders interests. Payouts and compensation realized by our NEOs have been highly aligned with returns earned by our stockholders. Promotes and maintains a performance- and achievement-oriented culture. In 2025, approximately 74% of our CEO s and 70% of our other NEOs target total direct compensation was tied to performance metrics. We establish performance targets that are demanding, support our strategic and financial objectives, and promote long-term stockholder value, without encouraging unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. Is competitive. Our program is designed to attract, retain and motivate talented and skilled executives. As such, we structure target total direct compensation to be competitive with the median compensation paid by companies with whom we may compete for executive talent, including those in our executive compensation peer group. While individual components of pay may vary from market medians, we aim for target total direct compensation to approximate market median when performance targets are achieved. The Company enjoys a team-oriented corporate culture and rewards the entire team of corporate officers for their collaborative effort that is reflected in the Company s industry-leading performance. Attracting and retaining a team of outstanding corporate officers with complementary skills and expertise has proven successful for the Company s growth, both organically and through acquisitions, and for maintaining the Company s profitable financial performance, each of which enhances stockholder value. In order to promote our team culture, the Compensation Committee considers internal pay equity when setting compensation levels for our executives. This team approach is best illustrated by our annual cash incentive award program in which all NEOs have the same target annual cash incentive award opportunity (150% of their respective base salaries) based on the same performance objectives. Elements of Compensation A summary of the main elements of our executive compensation program is set forth below: Element Type Description Cash Base salaries (see page 42 ) The only component composed of fixed cash compensation. Base salaries for our NEOs, in aggregate, are below the 50th percentile but above the 25th percentile compared to comparable officers in our executive compensation peer group. investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Element Type Description Annual performance-based cash incentive awards (see page 43 ) The annual cash incentive plan provides NEOs an opportunity to earn annual cash incentive awards based on Reliance s annual performance. The incentive opportunity is expressed as a percentage of base salary, ranging from zero for results below the applicable thresholds up to a maximum of 300% of base salary if certain financial targets are met. In 2025, 80% of the incentive opportunity under the annual cash incentive plan was based on the Company s Pretax Income Margin and 20% of the incentive opportunity was based on the Tons Sold Growth metric. If the Company achieved a Pretax Income Margin between 5% and 10% in 2025, the actual incentive award would be determined using straight-line interpolation within the applicable payout range (threshold to target or target to maximum). 2025 Pretax Income Margin (calculated in accordance with our annual cash incentive plan) was 6.91%, which resulted in each NEO earning an award equal to 96.4% of base salary. If the Company achieved growth in tons sold in 2025 exceeding the MSCI Benchmark by 1%, then the target annual incentive award of 30% of base salary would be earned. The maximum award of 60% of base salary would be earned if growth in tons sold exceeded the MSCI Benchmark by 2%. No payment under the Tons Sold Growth metric would be made if tons sold decline year-over-year or fail to exceed the MSCI Benchmark. 2025 growth in tons sold was 7.27% in excess of the MSCI Benchmark, which resulted in each NEO earning the maximum award equal to 60% of base salary. In 2025, target annual cash incentive opportunities compared to similar executives of companies in our executive compensation peer group approximate: (i) the 25th percentile for our CEO; and (ii) the top quartile for our other NEOs. To promote internal pay equity and reinforce an executive team concept, the NEOs target annual cash incentive opportunities are based on the same salary percentages. Long-Term Equity Compensation Restricted stock unit awards (see page 43 ) In 2024, 2025 and 2026, 80% of the CEO, CFO and COO s target equity awards are performance-based and 70% of the other NEO s target equity awards are performance-based. Comparing the grant date fair value of RSU awards granted in 2025 to equity awards granted to comparable officers in our executive compensation peer group, (i) the CEO approximated the 25th percentile, (ii) the CFO fell below the 25th percentile, (iii) the COO fell between the 50th and 75th percentile, and (iv) the other NEO fell between the 25th and 50th percentile. Results for the three-year performance-based awards that vested on December 31, 2025 resulted in 196.2% of the target number of awards vesting, which represented performance above target over the three-year performance measurement period. 38 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Element Type Description Retirement or Deferred Compensation Benefits Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (see page 44 ) The Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ( SERP ) was frozen to new participants as of January 1, 2009. Based on her long tenure with the Company, our CEO is the only remaining active participant in the SERP. The SERP benefit is set to 38% of the average of the participant s highest five years total cash compensation during the final ten years of employment. In comparing the SERP benefit to the retirement benefits offered to similar executives at companies in our executive compensation peer group, the Compensation Committee found that the benefits to our CEO under the SERP are in the top quartile of retirement benefits at companies in our executive compensation peer group. Deferred Compensation Plan (see page 44 ) The Reliance, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ) provides supplemental retirement benefits to certain key employees through discretionary Company contributions. Because she participates in the SERP, Mrs. Lewis does not receive discretionary Company contributions under the Deferred Compensation Plan. Messrs. Ajemyan, Koch, and Smith, who do not participate in the SERP, receive discretionary Company contributions under the Deferred Compensation Plan. In comparing the discretionary Company contribution benefit under the Deferred Compensation Plan to the retirement benefits offered to similar executives at companies in our executive compensation peer group, the Compensation Committee found that the target values for Messrs. Ajemyan, Koch, and Smith would be between the 25th and 50th percentile. Other Benefits Standard Benefits Widely Available to Employees The NEOs participate in the same benefit plans broadly available to all full-time Company employees, including health insurance and 401(k) plans. No Perquisites (see page 45 ) No perquisites for NEOs. Allocation of Compensation Components Our executive officers are compensated with a balanced combination of the elements described above that vary by: type of compensation (fixed, variable, service-based and performance-based); with respect to performance-based compensation, length of the performance period (annual and long-term); form of compensation (cash and equity); and with respect to equity compensation, performance-based and service-based. We believe this balanced allocation supports our compensation objectives, including alignment of our executives and our stockholders interests, the retention of our key executives, mitigation of excessive risk taking and appropriate emphasis of pay-for-performance. The Compensation Committee has designed the overall compensation program to ensure that a significant majority of our executives compensation is subject to the Company s annual and long-term performance as well as stock price appreciation. Although a significant majority of our NEOs compensation is tied to Company performance, the Compensation Committee has no pre-determined mix or allocation among the various elements. The following chart illustrates the targeted allocation of the principal compensation components for our NEOs investor.reliance.com 2026 Proxy Statement / 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS in 2025. The percentages reflect the NEOs 2025 salaries and target annual cash incentive compensation, as well as the grant date fair values of both service-based RSUs and the target number of performance-based RSUs granted in 2025. Mix of Principal Compensation Components TOTAL PAY MIX AS A PERCENTAGE OF BASE SALARY AT TARGET RESULTS HOW WE MAKE DECISIONS REGARDING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Committee and Independent Directors The Compensation Committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors, oversees our executive compensation program. NEO compensation is subject to final approval by the independent directors of the Board upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee. Each year, the independent directors of the Board review and evaluate the CEO s performance. The Compensation Committee and the independent directors of the Board incorporate the CEO s performance review along with other data including the Company s financial results, achievement of the Company s goals and objectives in the past year and the proposed objectives for the coming year into their analysis of the CEO s total compensation and their consideration of the appropriate mix and structure of the elements of the CEO s total compensation. At the request of the independent directors, our CEO annually provides a review and evaluation of each of the executive officers, including the NEOs (other than the CEO), identifying accomplishments in the past year, achievement of objectives and results, executive development and proposed objectives for the coming year. The Compensation Committee incorporates the CEO s reviews of the other NEOs, along with other data including the Company s financial results and other achievements, into its analysis of the other NEOs total compensation and its consideration of the appropriate mix and structure of the elements of the other NEOs total compensation. The Compensation Committee also reviews data provided by its independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance, as well as the appropriate mix and structure of the various elements of total compensation, in determining the total compensation of the CEO and the other NEOs. The Compensation Committee analyzes the proposed total direct compensation package (or the total of base salary, annual cash incentive and long-term incentives) before making any recommendations regarding individual elements of NEO compensation. The Compensation Committee formulates preliminary recommendations on the amount and type of compensation to be paid to the CEO and the other NEOs. The Compensation Committee then discusses with the CEO its preliminary recommendations with respect to the NEOs (other than the CEO) and presents its final recommendations to the independent directors of the Board in executive session. The independent directors of the Board make the final determination of and approve the compensation paid to the CEO and the other NEOs. To ensure that the NEOs and our other executive officers are compensated in a manner consistent with our strategy, competitive market practices, sound corporate governance principles and stockholder interests, the Compensation 40 / 2026 Proxy Statement investor.reliance.com TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Committee regularly evaluates our executive compensation program. When doing so, the Compensation Committee considers the needs of the business, peer practices, external trends, and the results of our annual say-on-pay vote. The Compensation Committee also seeks advice from its independent compensation consultant as well as input from executive management. Independent Compensation Consultant The Compensation Committee annually engages an independent compensation consultant to assist it in connection with the review and evaluation of the total compensation package provided to the NEOs and the individual elements thereof. In 2025, the Compensation Committee engaged Pay Governance as its independent compensation consultant. Pay Governance reports directly to the Compensation Committee and neither it nor any of its affiliates provided any services to the Company, other than the services to the Compensation Committee with respect to executive compensation and the Nominating and Governance Committee with respect to reviews of our director compensation, which the Board believes does not interfere with the independence of the consultant. The Compensation Committee conducted an assessment of Pay Governance s independence, taking into account the factors specified in the NYSE listing standards as well as information provided by Pay Governance, and based on that assessment, determined that Pay Governance is independent. Compensation Committee Review of Executive Compensation Peer Group and Other Data The Compensation Committee considers information from a variety of sources when making decisions regarding NEO compensation. The Compensation Committee analyzes both the individual elements and the total compensation package for each NEO, as well as the relationship of those packages among the NEOs. Together with its independent compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee reviews our financial statements and compares our financial results with those of both our executive compensation peer group and our industry peer group, as w