=== ALGN_2026-04-07.htm.gz ===
algn-20260407 0001097149 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0001097149 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001097149 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001097149 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001097149 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001097149 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001097149 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Align Technology, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS iv NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS viii PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 Vot ing Roadmap 2 Our Business 3 2025 Performance Highlights 3 Governance Highlights 6 Director Highlights 7 Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights 8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 9 Strong Corporate Governance Policies and Practices 10 Key Policies 11 Board Structure and Independence 12 Role of Our Board 12 Board Risk Oversight 12 Risk Oversight Program 13 Committee Responsibilities and Oversight 14 Annual Committee and Board Evaluations 19 Board Meetings 19 Stockholder Communications with our Board 19 STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 20 Stockholder Outreach and Engagement 21 Meaningful Compensation and Governance Changes Reflects Stockholder Feedback 22 CORPORATE A CCOUNTABILITY 23 Accountability and Governance 25 Sustainability 26 Employees 28 Community 30 DIRECTORS 33 Board Composition and Refreshment 35 Director Nominees 38 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 48 Cash Compensation 49 Equity Compensation 49 Total Compensation 50 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 51 Named Executive Officers 52 Executive Summary 53 Our Executive Compensation Program 55 Principle Elements of Executive Compensation 58 How We Implement and Manage Our Executive Compensation Program 65 Severance and Change of Control Arrangements 70 2025 Stockholder Say-on-Pay Vote Results 71 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 71 COMPENSATION TABLES 73 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025 74 Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal Year 2025 76 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2025 Year End 79 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal Year 2025 81 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 82 CEO Pay Ratio 88 Pay Versus Performance 89 ii AUDIT COMMITTEE 95 Our Auditor 96 Report of the Audit Committee 97 SECURITY OWNERSHIP AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 99 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 100 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 101 PROPOSALS 103 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 104 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers 106 Proposal 3: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 107 Proposal 4: Ratification of Special Meeting Provision in our Bylaws 108 GENERAL INFORMATION 110 VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION 111 VOTING INFORMATION 113 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 118 OTHER MATTERS 120 Appendix A (Special Meeting Provision) 121 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, this proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements include, among other things regarding, our ability to transform the way doctors deliver and patients experience digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, expand the adoption of clear aligners and create lasting value for all stakeholders; our strategies and financial performance; our development of new and existing products and technologies; our momentum, profitability, and ability to accelerate long-term growth; the ability of DSOs to leverage standardized digital workflows, patient financing, and consumer marketing to drive adoption and utilization at scale; the long-term growth potential of the teens and growing kids category; our portfolio strategy, including Invisalign Doctor Subscription Plans, flexible treatment configurations, and Vivera retainers, and its ability to expand access to care, maintain healthy margins, and drive growth; the continued evolution of the Align Digital Platform and our software and treatment-planning technology as competitive advantages; broader industry shifts toward prevention, early intervention, and digitally enabled workflows and the anticipated benefits thereof; the expected benefits of direct printing technology, including design flexibility, sustainability, and improvements to our long-term cost structure, and the anticipated timing of initial limited market releases; our technology leadership, global scale, clinical data assets, and doctor-centered model and the anticipated benefits thereof; and other statements that are not historical fact. These statements may contain words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, future, intend, may, opportunity, plan, project, should, strategy, will, will be, will continue, will likely result, would and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in particular, the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2026. We undertake no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise expressly stated or context requires otherwise, information in this proxy statement is as of April 7, 2026. iii Letter to Our Stockholders iv Together, with our customers, we are transforming the way doctors deliver and patients experience digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, expanding the adoption of clear aligners, and creating lasting value for all stakeholders. Major milestones: 22 million Invisalign patients treated including over 6.5 million teens and kids over 295 thousand active Invisalign trained practitioners, and over 2.4 billion clear aligners manufactured worldwide FY 2025 Total Revenues of $4.0 billion FY 2025 Operating Margin of 13.5% , or 21.8% on a non-GAAP basis FY 2025 Diluted Net Income per share of $5.65 , or $10.51 on a non-GAAP basis Repurchased $466 million of Align common stock during 2025 April 7, 2026 Dear Stockholders, As I reflect on fiscal 2025, I am proud of how Align navigated a year that demanded focus, resilience, and disciplined execution. The operating environment remained uneven across regions, consumer demand was pressured in parts of the world, and we made difficult organizational decisions to better position the company for the future. Yet through these challenges, our teams stayed anchored to what matters most serving doctors and their patients and delivered a strong finish to the year. Across our customer base, we saw continued strength from Orthodontists globally , growing engagement from GP Dentists adopting digital orthodontic and restorative workflows , and sustained momentum from Dental Service Organizations , which continue to scale Invisalign clear aligners, iTero scanners, and software adoption across large practice networks. From a regional perspective, EMEA, Latin America, and APAC delivered the strongest growth , while North America showed improved stability , supported by increased utilization, conversion initiatives, and DSO performance. 2025 was not defined by the obstacles we faced, but by how we responded. We sharpened execution, elevated quality, and improved the experience we deliver every day through the Align Digital Platform. As a result, we exited the year with increased momentum, improved profitability, and a stronger foundation to accelerate long-term growth. Delivering Results While Building for the Future For fiscal 2025, Align delivered record total revenues of approximately $4.0 billion and record Clear Aligner volumes of 2.6 million cases , reflecting continued global adoption of the Invisalign system across orthodontists, general practitioners, and dental service organizations. While growth varied by region in a challenging macroeconomic environment, our focus on operating discipline translated into meaningful profitability improvemen t. We delivered a non-GAAP operating margin of 22.7% , exceeding our outlook and representing our strongest full year margin performance since 2021. This improvement reflects tighter execution across manufacturing, treatment planning, and commercial operations, as well as the benefits of scale across our global digital and 3D printing infrastructure. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet , over $1 billion in cash and cash equivalents , no debt, and continued to deploy capital in a disciplined manner. During 2025, we returned capital to stockholders through approximately $466 million in share repurchases , while maintaining the flexibility to invest in innovation, global infrastructure, and long-term growth opportunities. Invisalign Clear Aligners: Expanding Access and Clinical Applicability Our Invisalign Clear Aligner business , which includes aligners and Vivera retainers, remains the cornerstone of Align s growth. In 2025, Clear Aligner revenues reached approximately $3.2 billion , supported by record case volumes and continued adoption across adults, teens, and growing kids. Orthodontists remain our largest and most engaged customer segment globally, while GP Dentists continue to represent a meaningful growth opportunity as they increasingly adopt Invisalign treatment as part of comprehensive digital dentistry. DSOs continue to outperform other customer segments , leveraging standardized digital workflows, patient financing, and consumer marketing to drive adoption and utilization at scale. v We saw particular strength internationally, with double digit volume growth in EMEA, Latin America, and APAC, and improved stability in North America as we focused on utilization, conversion, and affordability. The teens and growing kids category remains a critical long term growth driver, with nearly one million teens and kids starting Invisalign treatment in 2025 , supported by products such as Invisalign First , the Invisalign Palatal Expander System, and the Invisalign System with mandibular advancement solutions. Our portfolio strategy continues to expand access to care. Programs such as Invisalign Doctor Subscription Plans and more flexible treatment configurations maintain healthy margins, drive growth and give doctors additional options to meet patient needs. Vivera retainers play an increasingly important role in long term retention, reinforcing ongoing doctor patient relationships beyond active treatment. S ystems and Services: Powering the Digital Standard of Care Our Systems and Services segment , which includes iTero intraoral scanners, exocad CAD/CAM software, and related services , continues to play a critical role in driving digital adoption and recurring revenue across orthodontic and restorative workflows. In 2025, Systems and Services revenues approached $790 million , reflecting continued growth in our active units and increased utilization of digital solutions globally. Adoption of the iTero Lumina platform accelerated across regions, supporting faster scanning, enhanced visualization, and improved chairside communication for doctors and patients. exocad strengthened its leadership position in dental CAD/CAM software, expanding its footprint across dental labs , which remain a critical channel in restorative dentistry. Labs serve as an essential connection point between scanning, treatment planning, and fabrication, and exocad s flexible architecture enables efficient collaboration among orthodontists, GP dentists, and lab partners. We continued piloting exocad ART (Advanced Restorative Treatment) solutions, which integrate orthodontic tooth movement with restorative planning, enabling less invasive, more predictable outcomes. In parallel, we advanced Invisalign ART pilots , bringing orthodontic planning earlier into restorative cases. Together, these pilots reflect our long term strategy to connect orthodontics, restorative dentistry, and lab workflows within a unified digital ecosystem. iTero scanners, exocad CAD/CAM software, and our services portfolio elevate the value of the Align Digital Platform by driving recurring software revenue, strengthening customer retention, and enabling more integrated, efficient, and predictable workflows across the dental ecosystem. Software and Treatment Planning: Intelligence at the Core At the heart of the Align Digital Platform is our software and treatment planning technology , which continues to evolve rapidly and represents one of our most innovative, differentiating and customer centric competitive advantages. In 2025, we expanded adoption of ClinCheck signature experience , our next generation treatment planning experience that integrates AI driven automation with real time doctor control. ClinCheck signature experience brings together capabilities such as Live Plan and Live Update , enabling doctors to review, modify, and finalize treatment plans dynamically reducing planning cycles from days to minutes and moving closer to real time treatment planning. Tools such as Invisalign Personalized Plan (IPP) further tailor treatment plans to individual doctor preferences and clinical protocols, increasing predictability, consistency, and confidence across cases. As automation continues to scale, these software capabilities improve efficiency for doctors while also strengthening Align s operating excellence by reducing touchpoints and cycle time within our treatment planning workflow. Importantly, these capabilities extend beyond orthodontics. Along with iTero scanning, exocad software, and lab workflows, Align s treatment planning intelligence increasingly supports ortho restorative cases, strengthening our role across the full continuum of care. vi Advancing Oral Health Through Digital Diagnostics and AI Increasingly, Align s role extends beyond tooth alignment to broader oral health . With Align s portfolio of technologies, doctors can identify conditions earlier, communicate more clearly with patients, and integrate orthodontic tooth movement as part of comprehensive oral care. In 2025, we continued expanding capabilities such as the Align Oral Health Suite and Align X Ray Insights , which harness AI driven diagnostics to help doctors detect and visualize oral health issues using digital scans and radiographs. When combined with iTero scanning, ClinCheck treatment planning, exocad ART workflows, and Invisalign treatment, these tools help connect orthodontics, function, and restorative care supporting better long term oral health outcomes for patients. This integrated approach reflects a broader shift in dentistry toward prevention, early intervention, and digitally enabled workflows that improve both clinical outcomes and patient experience. Innovation, Discipline, and Long Term Value Creation Innovation remains the foundation of Align s strategy, complemented by disciplined execution. In 2025, we continued investing in AI driven software, integrated treatment planning, ortho restorative workflows, and direct fabrication through 3D printing , which represents the next evolution in orthodontic manufacturing. While still early, direct printing unlocks new design flexibility, improves sustainability, and strengthens our long term cost structure, with initial limited market releases beginning in 2026. Align operates in a large, underserved global market where the majority of people who could benefit from orthodontic and restorative treatment still do not receive care. Our strategy remains clear: expand international adoption, increase utilization particularly among teens and kids accelerate GP and lab engagement across restorative workflows, and improve consumer demand conversion through localized, data driven marketing. Looking Ahead As we enter 2026, I am cautiously optimistic. Our technology leadership, global scale, deep clinical data, and a doctor centered model are strong. Realizing their full potential requires continued focus, consistent execution, and an unwavering commitment to our customers. I want to thank our employees for their dedication and resilience, our doctor and lab partners for their trust, and our stockholders for their continued confidence in Align. Together, we are advancing the digital transformation of orthodontics and restorative dentistry, expanding access to care, improving oral health outcomes, and creating lasting value for patients, customers, and shareholders alike. Sincerely, Joe Hogan, President CEO Align Technology, Inc. vii Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time Record Date Virtual Meeting Location Wednesday, May 20, 2026 10:00 a.m. Mountain Standard Time March 23, 2026 Online at https://web.viewproxy.com/aligntech/2026 ITEMS OF BUSINESS YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Please vote as promptly as possible by using any of the following methods: You may vote your shares over the Internet or by telephone. If you received a paper copy of a proxy card by mail, you may submit your proxy for the Annual Meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy card in the pre-addressed envelope provided. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled, Voting Information How do I vote my shares during the Annual Meeting? COMPANY PROPOSALS Proposal 1: Election of Directors FOR EACH NOMINEE Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers FOR Proposal 3: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR Proposal 4 : Ratification of Special Meeting Provision in our Bylaws FOR OTHER BUSINESS Consideration of other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on May 20, 2026. The Proxy Statement and Align Technology, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K are available electronically at https://web.viewproxy.com/aligntech/2026 Virtual Meeting Admission All stockholders as of the Record Date (March 23, 2026), or their duly appointed proxies, may attend our virtual Annual Meeting. Online access will begin at 9:30 a.m. Mountain Standard Time, and we encourage you to join early. To be admitted to the Annual Meeting, eligible stockholders must register in advance at https://web.viewproxy.com/aligntech/2026 Technical Issues Contact 866-612-8937(toll-free) or 973-873-7684 (international) for any technical difficulties or trouble accessing the virtual meeting or if you are unable to locate your digital control number. Adjournments and Postponements Any action on the Items of Business may be considered at the Annual Meeting at the time and on the date specified above or at any time and date to which the Annual Meeting may be properly adjourned or postponed. On or about April 7, 2026, we will mail to our beneficial and registered stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice ) containing instructions on how to access our Proxy Statement and Annual Report and how to vote online. The Notice also contains instructions on how to request and receive a printed paper copy of the Proxy Statement, Proxy Card and Annual Report. Stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2026 are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof. Thank you for your ongoing support of, and continued interest in, Align Technology, Inc. Sincerely, Align Technology, Inc. Julie Coletti Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer viii Proxy Statement Summary Voting Roadmap Our Business 2025 Performance Highlights Governance Highlights Director Highlights Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights Proxy Statement Summary This Proxy Statement Summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement of Align Technology, Inc. ( we , us , our , Align or the Company ). It does not contain all the information you should consider, and as such, we urge you to carefully read this proxy statement in its entirety prior to voting. For additional information, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, available at https://investor.aligntech.com/financial-information/annual-report. 1 Voting Roadmap Proposals For More Information Board Recommendation COMPANY PROPOSALS Proposal 1: Election of Directors . Our Board of Directors (the Board ) and its Nominating and Governance Committee believe that the ten nominated directors (the Nominees ) encompass a range of talents, skills, expertise, diversity of backgrounds and experiences sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance for Align s operations and interests and the interests of Align s stockholders. See the section entitled Director Nominees. Page 104 FOR EACH NOMINEE Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers. Our executive compensation program is designed to align pay with performance, taking into account stockholder feedback and interests. See the section entitled Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Page 106 FOR Proposal 3: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Our Board believes the continued retention of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is in the best interests of Align and our stockholders. Our Board submits the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to our stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. See the section entitled Company Proposal 3: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Page 107 FOR Proposal 4: Ratification of Special Meeting Provision in our Bylaws. Our Board believes that the existing right of our stockholders who have continuously held a combined 25% of our outstanding common stock for one year to require our Board to call a special meeting of stockholders strikes the appropriate balance between enhancing stockholder rights and protecting the long-term interests of Align and our stockholders. Page 108 FOR 2 Our Business Align is a global medical device company focused on the treatment of malocclusions, or the misalignment of teeth, through doctor-led digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry solutions. We generate revenues from the design, manufacture, market and sale of the Invisalign system of clear aligners, Vivera retainers, iTero intraoral scanners, imaging systems and services, and exocad computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing ( CAD/CAM ) software directly to orthodontists, general dental practitioners ( GPs ), dental and orthodontic service organizations (DSO/OSO), as well as dental laboratories. Our vision is to make tooth alignment using clear aligner therapy the standard of care (solution of choice) by revolutionizing traditional treatment modalities, appliances, tools, practice workflows, and business and go-to-market models across the dental industry. By focusing on oral health and the benefits of tooth alignment as part of orthodontic or restorative treatment, we develop products and technologies to help doctors deliver the best treatment experience and clinical outcome for their patients. From initial digital iTero scan at the doctor s chairside, digital diagnostics and digital treatment planning implemented through innovations such as the Align Digital Platform, an integrated suite of proprietary technologies and services designed to deliver a seamless, end-to-end solution for patients, consumers, orthodontists, GPs and lab partners. We strive to achieve our vision and strategy through key objectives made possible with the proprietary technologies and services of the Align Digital Platform to establish: clear aligners as the principal solution for the treatment of malocclusions with the Invisalign system as the treatment solution of choice by orthodontists, GPs and patients globally, our iTero intraoral scanners as the preferred scanning technology for digital dental scans and our exocad CAD/CAM software as the dental restorative solution of choice for dental labs. 2025 Performance Highlights In 2025, we remained steadfast in our commitment to our doctor customers and their patients and further extended our leadership in digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry by focusing on and executing our strategic growth drivers, which are: International Expansion GP Dentist Treatment Patient Demand Orthodontic Utilization We continue growing our global presence by increasing awareness of our products and making them available in more countries to more customers and consumers. We continue expansion of our sales and marketing by reaching into new countries and regions, including new areas in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. We strive to enable GPs, who treat the general patient population, to more easily identify potential cases they can treat with the Invisalign System, monitor patient progress or, if needed, help refer cases to orthodontists while providing high-quality restorative, orthodontic and dental hygiene care. Our goal is to make the Invisalign brand a highly recognized name brand worldwide by creating awareness for Invisalign treatment among consumers and motivating the potential 600 million patients who can benefit from treatment of malocclusion to seek treatment using the Invisalign System. We continue to innovate and increase product applicability and predictability to address a wide range of cases, from simple to complex, thereby enabling doctors to confidently diagnose and treat children and adults with the Invisalign System. 3 In 2025, we achieved new milestones towards our strategic priorities. REVENUES AND MILESTONES *Included in cumulative Invisalign Clear Aligner Patients total For the full year 2025, total revenues were $ 4.0 billion, of which Clear Aligner revenues were $ 3.2 billion, and Systems and Services revenues were $ 789.6 million. During 2025, we reached the 22 millionth Invisalign clear aligner patient milestone, which included over 6.5 million teens and kids. In 2025, we had a record number of 295 thousand active Invisalign trained practitioners globally, reinforcing our commitment to doctor-directed and managed care for clear aligner treatment to achieve the safest, most predictable and best possible clinical treatment outcomes for patients. We have also manufactured over 2.4 billion clear aligners. As we further evolve the treatment planning experience for doctors through new technological research and development innovations, we expect to introduce new technologies, features and functionality that improve personalization of treatment planning, predictability, clinical preferences, and 2D/3D imaging, including digital tools for faster and more accurate final tooth positions. In 2025, we announced several new enhancements to the Align TM Digital Platform. In March, we announced the addition of restorative capabilities to our iTero Lumina intraoral scanner (without iTero NIRI technology) and the new iTero Lumina Pro dental imaging system (with iTero NIRI technology). In March, we also announced the launch in European Union countries and the United Kingdom of Align X-ray Insights, a new software-based computer aided detection (CADe) solution that uses artificial intelligence ( AI ) to automatically analyze 2D radiographs. In October, we announced a series of new innovations for iTero Digital Solutions, a comprehensive ecosystem that includes intraoral scanners and integrated software tools, including enhancements to the Align Oral Health Suite, Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro with ClinCheck Smile Video, and the iTero Design Suite. In December, we announced limited commercial availability of the Invisalign System with mandibular advancement featuring occlusal blocks (MAOB), the latest clinical innovation that expands Align s Class II treatment portfolio by offering practitioners a comprehensive solution for treating growing patients with Class II malocclusions caused by mandibular retrusion. 4 In addition to these and other innovations expected in the coming years, we intend to continue to build the Align Digital Platform and add new capabilities to improve clinical outcomes and elevate patient experiences to drive continued practice growth and positive patient experiences. Net Revenues and Operating Income The following graphs show Align s net revenues and operating income from fiscal year 2016 to 2025. Revenue and Profit CAGR The following graph provides the eight-year compound annual growth rate for our revenue and operating income in comparison to our 2025 peers over the same period. 5 Governance Highlights We recognize the importance of strong corporate governance as the foundation for long-term stockholder value. Our Board is responsible for ensuring our governance practices are well-designed and appropriate for our business. We continually review and update our corporate governance practices and frequently meet with stockholders to ensure that our policies are aligned with their interests and corporate governance best practices. As of the date of this proxy statement, these best practices include: CEO and independent Chairman of the Board ( Chair ) are separate positions 90% of our director nominees are independent Our Board is made up of seasoned executive leaders with a diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds, national origins, and experiences Since 2017, we have added six new members to our Board We have significant stock ownership thresholds for our officers and directors that were further increased in 2025 and our CEO has purchased $8 million of our common stock since his last sale in 2021 (1) Our independent directors hold routine executive sessions without management present Employees and directors are prohibited from engaging in short-selling, hedging or pledging transactions Our Board oversees our overall risk management infrastructure We promote a culture of integrity and quality that manages risks as part of our corporate strategy and day-to-day operations Since 2023, we have expanded stockholder rights by adopting proxy access bylaws (2023), eliminating supermajority voting requirements (2025) and empowering our stockholders to call special meetings (2026) (1) To ensure alignment with Align s long-term growth objectives and that his interests are closely aligned with those of our stockholders, our CEO has purchased approximately $8 million (as valued at the time of each purchase) of our common stock using his personal funds since his last sale of our common stock in 2021. 6 Director Highlights Our Board has nominated ten (10) talented directors with skills, experiences and professional backgrounds representing a breadth of perspectives and characteristics particularly relevant to Align s business and strategies. 7 Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights Pay for Performance In 2025, we retained all of the key elements of our long-standing, stockholder-supported, performance-focused executive management compensation program, which has historically received strong support in our annual say-on-pay vote. As in prior years, the 2025 program directly tied a substantial portion of the target direct compensation of executive management to at-risk compensation, with 91% and 82% of the target compensation of our CEO and our other named executive officers (collectively, NEOs ), respectively, being at risk. Base salary remained the only fixed direct compensation component. Highlights of our 2025 executive compensation program are in the table below. For a more detailed understanding of our compensation program, see the section Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Aligned Pay with Long-Term Performance Cash Incentives Aligned with Company Performance CEO Pay CEO Realizable Pay and Stockholder Alignment The three-year performance-based market stock units ( MSUs ) granted to our NEOs in February 2023 paid out at 79.8% of target in February 2026 due to stock underperformance from 2023 to 2025, all relative to companies comprising the Nasdaq Composite Index. For fiscal 2025, our annual cash incentive bonus paid out at 58.1% of target to our NEOs under our short-term cash incentive bonus program due to performance that fell short of rigorous targets set by our Compensation and Human Capital Committee. Our CEO s target annual long-term incentive value was reduced by $1 million to $12.5 million in 2024 and was again reduced by an additional $1 million to $11.5 million in 2025, a reduction of approximately 15% over the two-year period. Additionally, realizable pay declined from $27.32 million in 2024 to $19.19 million in 2025. Our CEO s cumulative 3-year realizable total direct compensation ( TDC ) was 83% of his cumulative 3-year target TDC and 53% of his cumulative 3-year reported total compensation, as further discussed in the section entitled Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the heading Realizable Pay. Alignment with Stockholder Interest and Company Performance Base Bonus Restricted Stock Units Market Stock Units 8 Corporate Governance Strong Corporate Governance Policies and Practices Key Policies Board Structure and Independence Role of our Board Board Risk Oversight Risk Oversight Program Committee Responsibilities and Oversight Annual Committee and Board Evaluations Board Meetings Stockholder Communications with the Board 9 Corporate Governance We remain committed to high standards of corporate governance, which we believe are foundational to the success of our business, create stockholder value and maintain our credibility in the marketplace. Strong Corporate Governance Policies and Practices Our policies and practices are the framework by which we govern our business. Our Board, along with management, regularly reviews our corporate governance policies and practices to ensure they are appropriate and reflect our high standards. In reviewing these policies and practices and making recommendations, management and our Board consider the feedback of stockholders to be essential. We maintain a corporate governance page on our website which includes many of our policies and practices, including our Global Code of Conduct (our Code ), Corporate Governance Guidelines (our Guidelines ), and the charters for each of the standing committees of our Board. The corporate governance page can be found by clicking on the Corporate Governance link in the Investors section of our website at aligntech.com . The policies and practices we maintain and review regularly foster responsible corporate governance. These policies include the following: Global Code of Conduct Corporate Governance Guidelines Committee Charters Our Code emphasizes our ongoing commitment to conducting business with integrity and complying with the law. It applies to all our directors, officers and employees, third parties acting on our behalf and our customers. In addition to finding the Code on our website, stockholders may request a free copy of it by writing to Align Technology, Inc., 410 N. Scottsdale Rd., Suite 1300, Tempe, AZ 85288, Attn: Investor Relations or investorinfo@aligntech.com. We post on our website any amendments to our Code, as well as any required waivers pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) or the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ). Our Guidelines describe the size and composition of our Board, Board membership criteria, independence requirements, nominations and elections, director compensation review and approval, Board evaluations, director orientation, stock ownership guidelines, and leadership development and succession, among other topics. Our Committee Charters establish the practices and procedures applicable to each committee. Our Board maintains four standing committees: an Audit Committee; a Compensation and Human Capital Committee; a Nominating and Governance Committee; and a Technology Committee. 10 Key Policies Our corporate governance policies and practices establish the following key governance requirements: One share equals one vote We have a single class of shares with equal voting rights. Annual director elections All directors are elected annually for a one-year term and our Board is declassified. Majority voting We have a majority voting standard for uncontested elections of directors. Proxy Access An individual or a group of up to 20 stockholders owning at least 3% of our outstanding shares continuously for three years may nominate directors for election of up to the greater of two directors or 20% of our Board. Special Meeting Rights Stockholders who continuously hold 25% or more of our outstanding common stock for at least one year may require our Board to call a special meeting of stockholders. Separation of Chair and CEO roles Our CEO focuses on managing Align and our independent Chair of the Board drives accountability at the Board level. Stockholder engagement We have a longstanding and comprehensive year-round stockholder engagement program. Access to management Our Board has significant interaction with senior management and access to other employees. Time commitment practice Our Nominating and Governance Committee reviews each director s various time commitments. Succession planning Our Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews Board and CEO succession planning and provides recommendations to the Board for CEO succession planning. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee regularly reviews succession planning for executives. Board, committee, and individual self-evaluations Our Board, committees, and individual directors conduct annual performance self-evaluations led by our independent Chair of the Board. Independent Committees All committees are comprised of independent directors. Access to Advisors The Board and each of its committees are empowered to retain outside advisors and consultants at their discretion. Board Training We support the ongoing education, development and expansion of knowledge of our directors through regular updates on trends and best practices in areas including governance, compliance, ethics and other topics deemed relevant to the fulfillment of their fiduciary duties and encourage and organize third-party trainings, seminars and workshops. Significant Stock Ownership Guidelines We maintain meaningful stock ownership guidelines for executive management and non-employee directors: (i) CEO - 6x annual base salary, (ii) other executive management - 3x annual base salary and (iii) non-employee directors - $450,000. Our directors and executive officers have five years after becoming subject to the guidelines to attain the requisite stock ownership. As of December 31, 2025, all such individuals were in compliance with these guidelines. (1) Hedging, pledging, and other transactions We prohibit short sales, transactions in derivatives, pledging and hedging of our securities and holding our securities in margin accounts by directors, executive officers, and employees. Global Speak Up Policy Our Global Speak Up Policy ( Speak Up Policy ) encourages current and former directors, employees and third-party business partners such as contractors, consultants, suppliers, distributors and even customers to voice their questions and concerns regarding conduct they believe in good faith to be inconsistent with the Code so that we may respond promptly, objectively, fairly, appropriately and without retaliation. Cybersecurity Leadership We employ a dedicated Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ) responsible for enterprise-wide information security strategy and standards. Corporate Accountability Leadership We maintain a Vice President of Human Resources, Employee Programs and Community Engagement that enables us to dedicate our time, talents, and resources to organizations and programs that make a positive difference in the lives of others. (1) For purposes of this policy, ownership includes shares of our common stock directly held or held in trust for the benefit of such director, member of executive management or their family members living in the same household and shares of our underlying restricted stock units held directly, whether or not yet vested. Ownership does not include vested or unvested options to purchase our common stock or shares underlying unvested MSUs. 11 Board Structure and Independence Our Board currently consists of eleven (11) directors. Mr. George Morrow, who currently serves on our Board and as a member of our Compensation and Human Capital Committee and our Nominating and Governance Committee, will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. His term as a member of our Board and the committees on which he currently serves will end at the commencement of the Annual Meeting. As a result, our Board has resolved that the size of our Board will be automatically reduced from eleven to ten directors at the conclusion of Mr. Morrow s term of office. Applicable Nasdaq rules require that a majority of our Board of Directors are independent. Our Board has determined that all Board members, other than our President and CEO, Mr. Hogan, are independent under applicable Nasdaq rules. Our Board maintained four standing committees in 2025: an Audit Committee, a Compensation and Human Capital Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee and a Technology Committee. Our Board has furthermore determined that under applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules for committee memberships, all committee members are independent, and each member of our Audit Committee also meets the additional independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. Our Board has also determined that each of Ms. Anne Myong and Mr. Britt Vitalone qualify as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under SEC rules. The roles of CEO and Chair of the Board are separated in recognition of the differences between the two roles. Our CEO is responsible for setting our strategic direction and establishing key initiatives after consultation and input from our Board. Our CEO furthermore provides day-to-day leadership and monitors our performance against initiatives. On the other hand, the Chair of the Board provides guidance to our CEO and, in consultation with the CEO and other Board members, sets the agenda for Board meetings and presides over meetings of the full Board. We believe this separation of duties allows the CEO and Chair to most efficiently use their time and fulfill their respective responsibilities, which are critical to our success. While our Amended and Restated Bylaws ( Bylaws ) and Guidelines do not require our Chair and CEO to be separate positions, our Board believes having separate positions and an independent outside director serve as Chair is the appropriate leadership structure for us at this time. Role of our Board Our Board is responsible for reviewing our overall performance, overseeing management, and assuring the long-term interests of stockholders are served. To satisfy its duties, our Board sets corporate objectives and strategies, establishes significant policies and determines allocation of corporate resources, selects, evaluates and provides for the succession of executive management and, subject to oversight by our Nominating and Governance Committee, nominates individuals for election at stockholder meetings to serve as our directors and appoints individuals to fill any vacancies on our Board. Board Risk Oversight Our Board takes an active role in overseeing corporate strategy with the intent to secure the long-term interests of stockholders. While management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the risks we face, our Board, as a whole and through its committees, is responsible for overseeing management in the competent and ethical operation of Align. Our Board does not have a standing risk management committee; instead, it fulfills its oversight responsibilities directly and via various standing committees, each of which addresses risks inherent to their respective areas of oversight. The risk oversight roles of the Board, committees and management are outlined below under our risk management program. The Board meets periodically with committee chairs and members of management to review risk assessment reports and implement risk management strategies. 12 Risk Oversight Program Board of Directors The Board directly oversees corporate strategy and other matters reserved for the full Board. The Board reviews and discusses with management and its committees potentially significant matters and risks affecting Align. Our directors take a proactive, focused approach to their responsibilities by setting standards to ensure our business success is achieved through the highest standards of responsibility and ethics. Audit Committee Compensation and Human Capital Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Technology Committee Our Audit Committee oversees and monitors risks associated with finance and investment, internal financial controls, cybersecurity, data privacy, crisis preparedness, and legal and regulatory requirements, including by overseeing Align s anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance program. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee assesses whether our compensation policies and practices encourage excessive risk-taking and an evaluation of ways to mitigate and such risk. Our Nominating and Governance Committee assists our Board to manage risks associated with Board membership, structure, responsibilities and organization, long-term and emergency CEO and Board succession planning, and corporate accountability. Our Technology Committee assists our Board to manage risks associated with technical and market risks associated with product development and investment, with data and analytics capabilities, and initiatives that leverage these capabilities, including AI, and data privacy. Management Led by our CEO and executive team, management implements and supervises day-to-day risk management processes and reports significant matters to the Board and its committees. Executive management, other employees, consultants and advisors routinely attend and present at Board meetings and are available to address questions or concerns raised by our Board on risk management-related and other matters. Internal Audit Risk Management Program Internal Audit is directly overseen by our Audit Committee. Internal Audit identifies and helps mitigate risk and improve internal controls. Our Board encourages management to maintain a culture that actively promotes risk identification as part of our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Furthermore, our Board encourages full and open communication between it and management. The Chair of the Board meets regularly with our CEO and other members of executive management to discuss strategy and the risks we face. Our directors take a proactive, focused approach to their responsibilities by setting standards to ensure our business success is achieved through the highest standards of responsibility and ethics. 13 Succession Planning Effective and proactive succession planning is essential for the seamless operation of our organization. To reduce risks related to the departure of key personnel, we have established a structured process for succession planning through our committees. Our Nominating and Governance Committee oversees succession planning for our Board and our Chief Executive Officer, and our Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversees succession planning for our other executives. First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter PERFORMANCE REVIEW AND COMPENSATION AWARDS REVIEW OF MARKET TRENDS AND STOCKHOLDER FEEDBACK REVIEW OF COMPENSATION RISKS AND DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT AND SUCCESSION PLANNING Compensation and Human Capital Committee : Finalizes and approves performance reviews and compensation decisions for the prior year and sets target compensation for the current year, with deliberation and input from the entire Board. Compensation and Human Capital Committee : Annually reviews recruitment, executive compensation market trends and compensation philosophy. Annually reviews say-on-pay voting results following annual meetings of stockholders. Nominating and Governance Committee : Reviews and determines desired qualifications, skills, expertise and characteristics for the full Board. Compensation and Human Capital Committee : Annually reviews risks associated with our compensation policies and practices. Compensation and Human Capital Committee : Reviews the performance of the executive officers in connection with compensation analysis and succession pipelines. Nominating and Governance Committee: Reviews succession plans for Align s directors and CEO. Committee Responsibilities and Oversight Our Board maintains four standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Technology Committee. Each of the committees assists our Board with risk management oversight within their areas of responsibility and apprises the full Board of significant matters and management s response. 14 Audit Committee Report of the Audit Committee on Page 97 Committee Members Anne M. Myong Kevin J. Dallas Andrea L. Saia Mojdeh Poul Britt Vitalone (1) Financial Reporting and Audits Our Audit Committee oversees and monitors our accounting and financial reporting processes, financial statement audits, internal accounting and financial controls, and Internal Audit Department. It is responsible for appointing, compensating, retaining, terminating, evaluating and overseeing the work of our independent auditors and reviewing the auditors proposed scope of work, approach and independence. The Committee also establishes procedures for receiving, retaining and responding to complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Compliance and Ethics Our Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing compliance and ethics risks as well as the steps management takes to understand and mitigate these risks. The Committee also reviews, approves and monitors our Code and Speak Up Policy. Our Chief Compliance Officer ( CCO ) is responsible for implementing and maintaining an effective compliance and ethics program, including the Code, Speak Up Policy and other policies, trainings and communications related to key risk areas such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption and ethical interactions with healthcare professionals. Our CCO is responsible for reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of our program against related laws and industry best practices. Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance Our Audit Committee reviews and oversees our Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance Program ( ABAC Program ). The Committee receives periodic updates from the CCO concerning the ABAC Program and related activities. In 2025, our CCO met with the Committee twice to discuss our ABAC Program. Cybersecurity Our Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing and reviewing our cybersecurity and other information technology risks, controls and procedures, including our plans to mitigate cybersecurity risks and to respond to data breaches. The Committee also reviews with management any specific cybersecurity issues that could affect the adequacy of our internal controls and disclosure procedures and any public disclosures about our cybersecurity controls and procedures, the Board s cybersecurity expertise, and its oversight of cybersecurity risk. The Committee periodically reports on its review of cybersecurity risks and our cybersecurity program to the Board. In 2025, the CISO or his team met with the Committee twice to discuss cybersecurity risks and threats. Data Privacy Our Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing and reviewing our data privacy risks, controls and procedures, including our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks and to respond to data breaches. The Committee receives periodic updates on our data privacy program and in its oversight role, sets the expectation that we address the risks we face and take action to mitigate those risks. We have various technical, administrative, and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to, use, or disclosure of customer, consumer and patient information and data we collect and store. Our CCO and dedicated privacy experts advise the business on privacy risks and assesses the effectiveness of privacy controls and compliance with various legislative and regulatory requirements. In 2025, our CCO and AI experts met with the Committee twice to discuss data privacy matters. (1) Mr. Vitalone joined our Board and was appointed to our Audit Committee in July 2025. 15 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report on Page 71 Committee Members Kevin T. Conroy George J. Morrow (1) Anne M. Myong Andrea L. Saia Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee assists our Board to manage risks associated with our compensation policies and practices. It works to ensure our compensation programs successfully align the interests of employees, including executive management, with those of our stockholders. We routinely seek stockholder feedback regarding our compensation practices through our stockholder engagement program and members of our Compensation and Human Capital Committee join those discussions as appropriate. The Committee furthermore assists our Board to manage and oversee long-term and emergency succession planning for our non-CEO executives. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee also reviews and administers all compensation arrangements for executive management and reviews general compensation goals and guidelines for our employees and the criteria for which bonuses are determined. It evaluates the various elements of our compensation programs to avoid encouraging, and to mitigate against, excessive risk-taking by promoting behaviors that support sustainable value creation. Additionally, it retains, oversees and assesses the independence of our compensation consultants and advisors. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee also oversees our human capital management-related activities, including matters regarding employee hiring, retention, advancement, engagement, and workplace culture. It periodically reviews the human capital management strategies, programs and policies. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our Compensation and Human Capital Committee is, nor has ever been, a member of our executive management or an employee. None of the members of executive management currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of any entity that has one or more members of executive management serving on the Committee or our Board. (1) George Morrow will retire from the Board and therefore from the Committee at the commencement of the Annual Meeting. 16 Nominating and Governance Committee Committee Members Joseph Lacob C. Raymond Larkin, Jr. George J. Morrow (1) Susan E. Siegel Our Nominating and Governance Committee educates and assists our Board to oversee and make recommendations regarding corporate governance programs, policies and practices, manage risks associated with Board membership, structure, responsibilities and organization as well as long-term and emergency CEO and Board succession planning. Additionally, our Nominating and Governance Committee advises and educates our Board on corporate governance issues, including developments in legislation, regulation and related trends. At the request of our Board, our Nominating and Governance Committee conducts annual reviews and evaluations and makes recommendations concerning Board and CEO succession. It evaluates the current size, composition, organization and governance of the Board and its committees and identifies, evaluates and recommends nominees to the Board, including as it relates to their independence, skills, expertise, characteristics and ability to dedicate sufficient time and attention to meet their responsibilities as directors. In 2025, one new director was appointed to our Board as a result of the Board succession planning process. The Committee also develops and recommends corporate governance principles applicable to Align and oversees and coordinates our sustainability, governance and corporate accountability initiatives, policies, practices and programs. (1) George Morrow will retire from the Board and therefore from the Committee at the start of the Annual Meeting. 17 Technology Committee Committee Members Kevin J. Dallas Joseph Lacob Andrea L. Saia Susan E. Siegel Our Technology Committee assists our Board to evaluate major technology plans and strategies, including technical and market risks associated with product development and investment. It reviews our technology and development activities, evaluates and monitors our intellectual property portfolio, and oversees and advises our Board on matters of innovation and technology. It also reviews and monitors delivery of data and analytics capabilities, and initiatives that leverage these capabilities, including AI. Additionally, it assesses existing and potential new advanced technology markets. The Technology Committee also monitors future technology trends that may affect Align s strategic plans. 18 Annual Committee and Board Evaluations To facilitate our Board and its committees performing effectively and in our best interests and those of our stockholders, our directors perform annual assessments of our Board and its committees, as described below. 1. QUESTIONNAIRES Each director completes a self-assessment questionnaire as a member of the Board and for each committee on which the director serves. Each questionnaire requests ratings and solicits detailed suggestions for improving the structure and composition of the Board, effectiveness and culture, meeting content and conduct, access to information, responsibilities, access to independent advisors and overall performance. Additionally, for the committees, the questionnaires are further tailored to their respective roles and responsibilities. 2. DIRECTOR REVIEW Self-assessment questionnaire results are compiled and summarized by our Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer. The summaries include all specific comments from directors, without attribution. Each director receives the Board self-assessment summary and the self-assessment summary for each committee on which the director serves. 3. BOARD SUMMARY FEEDBACK Committee self-assessments results are discussed by each committee, and Board self-assessments results are discussed by the full Board. Each committee and the Board identify areas for further consideration and opportunities for improvement and implement plans to address those matters. 4. ONGOING FEEDBACK Throughout the year, directors may discuss concerns separately with the Chair. Board Meetings Our Board holds meetings at least quarterly, and the committees hold meetings at least annually. For the period of their service on the Board and each applicable committee in 2025, each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of our Board and the committees on which each served. Our Board held six meetings in 2025. Our Guidelines provide that the independent directors of our Board meet in executive session at least twice a year. The independent directors met in executive sessions four times in 2025. Our Board members are encouraged, but not required, to attend annual meetings of stockholders. Last year, three directors attended our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Stockholder Communications with our Board Stockholders may communicate with our non-management directors by sending an email to Board@aligntech.com . These communications are monitored to ensure appropriate summaries of all received messages are provided to our Board at its regularly scheduled meetings, or in advance if they are deemed time-sensitive. Where the nature of a communication warrants, our Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer may decide to obtain the more immediate attention of an appropriate committee of our Board or a non-management director, executive management or independent advisors. After reviewing stockholder messages, our Board determines an appropriate response if they deem a response necessary or warranted. 19 Stockholder Engagement Stockholder Outreach and Engagement Meaningful Compensation and Governance Changes 20 Stockholder Outreach and Engagement Recognizing that stockholders are the owners of Align, we maintain consistent, frequent and open dialogue as part of our proactive Investor Relations function to actively inform and educate existing and potential stockholders on Align s business and financial performance, as well as encourage and welcome feedback from stockholders regarding all aspects of our business, including our executive management compensation program and the outreach program itself. Our engagement is year-round day-to-day communication with stockholders and is managed by our Investor Relations Officer ( IRO ). Proactive outreach can include members of our Board and various members of executive management, including our CEO, CFO, IRO and other organizational leaders from select internal organizations, including Finance, Human Resources, Legal, Regulatory Affairs, Quality Assurance, Operations, Sales and Marketing, Research and Development, Clinical, and Product Development. We use this outreach to provide stockholders with timely, accurate, consistent and transparent information on our strategy, products and technology and business performance, as well as addressing issues expressed by our stockholders, sharing our underlying vision, the rationales for our compensation programs and the impact of Board oversight in key areas. I nput from stockholders, analysts and customers is shared internally, including with our Board and its committees, to be used in future strategic, operational, compensation and governance decisions, as appropriate. Feedback from the majority of stockholders with whom we spoke in 2025 was positive despite challenging macroeconomic conditions. Throughout our many discussions with stockholders, they remained engaged and willing to provide feedback and suggestions regarding our Board structure and composition, executive compensation practices, sustainability policies, human capital management, Board and CEO succession planning, executive management, governance, diversity and inclusion and other various topics of importance to them, including our strategy, financial model, business performance, competition, and guidance practices. While several stockholders offered suggestions for alternative ways to structure our executive management compensation program, including diversifying and enhancing our annual cash incentive compensation plan and long-term equity compensation components, none insisted modifications were required. 21 Meaningful Compensation and Governance Changes Reflects Stockholder Feedback In recent years, our Board, Nominating and Governance Committee, and Compensation and Human Capital Committee have carefully considered feedback from our stockholders and taken action where appropriate. Recent examples include the following: Proxy Access and Director Nomination Amending our Bylaws to include proxy access provisions and clarifying director nomination requirements. See Board Composition and Refreshment below for more information No Supermajority Voting Requirements Following stockholder approval at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, we amended and restated our Charter to replace all voting requirements that call for greater than a simple majority vote with a simple majority vote Special Meeting Rights Following extensive stockholder engagement, we amended our Bylaws in February 2026 to permit stockholders that have continuously held 25% or more of our common stock for at least one year to require our Board to call a special meeting of stockholders New Board Members Appointing six new Board members since 2017, including two in 2023 that replaced two longer-tenured directors, and one new member in 2025, has increased the diversity of experiences and skills of our Board Clawback Policy Adopting a clawback policy that provides for the recoupment of executive compensation in certain circumstances Reduction of CEO Target Pay Reducing the target value of Mr. Hogan s long term incentive grant by $1 million compared to 2023 and further reducing to it by an additional $1 million in 2025 (a reduction of approximately 15% over two years), to better align with stockholder expectations NGC Charter Amending the charter of our Nominating and Governance Committee to assign to it oversight of sustainability and corporate accountability efforts and disclosures Audit Committee Charter Amending the charter of the Audit Committee to assign to it oversight responsibilities of cybersecurity and data privacy C HCC Charter Amending the charter of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee to assign to it oversight responsibilities of human capital management strategies, programs and policies. In doing so, the Board deemed it important to rename the committee as the Compensation and Human Capital Committee in recognition of its additional responsibilities Technology Committee Charter Amending the charter of the Technology Committee to assign to it oversight responsibilities of delivery of data and analytics capabilities, and initiatives that leverage these capabilities, including artificial intelligence Expansion of Sustainability Disclosures Expanding disclosures concerning sustainability related matters, including corporate responsibility and human capital management, on our website and in our securities filings including, most recently, those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2026, and in this proxy statement Corporate Accountability Committee Forming a Corporate Accountability Committee overseen by key members of executive management to gather data and develop strategies in ways that allow us to incorporate sustainability, human capital and culture principles into our strategic objectives No One-Time Equity Awards to Executives Pledging not to award significant one-time equity awards to members of executive management, including our CEO, without prior consultation with stockholders Stockholder Engagement Increasing the focus, frequency, and breadth of stockholder engagement in order to consistently foster relationships and more effectively capture and address stockholder suggestions and feedback regarding governance, executive compensation and other matters 22 Corporate Accountability Accountability and Governance Sustainability Employees Community 23 Corporate Accountability Our vision is to make oral health through comprehensive digital dental technologies, including diagnostic imaging innovations and clear aligner orthodontic treatment, accessible to everyone globally and realize our purpose of transforming smiles and changing lives through doctor directed and supervised treatment. We understand our impact is not limited to improving patient health through advances in oral health technologies and the medically supervised use of a prescription medical device. We believe we are responsible for increasing awareness of the overall physical and mental health benefits of improved oral health, including straighter teeth and better oral hygiene, and to incentivize both by making digital dentistry through diagnostic imaging, doctor supervised treatment planning and clear aligner therapy the standard of care for the prevention and treatment of dental diseases, malocclusion and restorative dentistry. Straightening teeth is not only about aesthetics and a beautiful smile, but can also improve chewing and speech function, ease pain related to TMJ disorder, and reduce the risk of cavities, gum disease and other oral health issues. The majority of the world s population have some form of malocclusion or crooked teeth, however, only a fraction receives orthodontic treatment because access to care is limited by a number of factors including the manual nature of traditional orthodontic treatment using metal wires and brackets. By continually innovating and developing digital technologies and services that enable more dental health professionals to easily diagnose and treat patients with crooked teeth and other oral health conditions as well as helping retain patients healthy, functionally correct bites and beautiful smiles, we are increasing access to care for millions of people who might not otherwise receive oral health care, including needed orthodontic treatment. We believe the digital transformation of dental practices and treatment modalities has a significant positive impact on people s oral health, overall health, and our society. It does not stop there, however. We believe that establishing a sound foundational skeletal and dental structure is fundamental for lifetime oral and overall physical and mental health, equally as important as good oral hygiene and regular check-ups are to helping prevent oral diseases closely linked to non-communicable diseases such as community acquired pneumonia, diabetes, heart disease and a host of other serious conditions that exact a costly toll on people, governments and society. We are driving the evolution of comprehensive digital dentistry from diagnosis and prevention through orthodontic and restorative dental treatments, and treatment monitoring with 24 technologies such as our upgraded iTero Lumina scanner and iTero Lumina Pro dental imaging system, that improve and increase patient access and outcomes, expand doctors reach, capacity and accelerate practice efficiencies. We also understand that as an organization our impact is not limited to improving patient oral and overall health. Interacting ethically and constructively with our employees, customers, patients, suppliers, and stockholders around the globe is fundamental to achieving our purpose and creating value for investors who put their trust in us. We continuously assess our actions and evaluate our success based on four areas: the standards we set for ourselves and how we hold ourselves and those around us accountable to those standards; ecological continuity and resilience; establishing and maintaining a corporate culture that encourages respect, wellness and the growth of our employees; and contributing to the communities in which we live and work. Accountability and Governance Evaluating the impact we have on our employees and the communities in which we operate, and proactively making improvements to create a positive impact. Our Board and senior management believe that for us to fulfill our mission, we must conduct our business ethically and demonstrate integrity through open and clear disclosures that foster transparency and accountability. This is not only the right thing to do, but essential to building the trust and credibility required to generate engagement and loyalty in our employees, deliver against our business goals and improve the lives and health of those we serve. It strengthens our brand and ultimately increases value for all of our stakeholders. We focus first on those matters most closely associated with the impact of our operations and products on our customers, patients and employees, and then more broadly on the impact to our communities and the world at large. We then tailor our initiatives to align with our strategic growth drivers, allowing us to also meet the demands placed on us by our stockholders and the constituents we serve. We believe that maintaining ethical, transparent oversight starts at the top with dedicated time and attention from our Board and executive management team. 25 Our Nominating and Governance Committee oversees our ecological and governance strategy, initiatives, and disclosures and receives regular updates from our CEO and other members of executive management throughout the year. Our cross-functional Corporate Accountability Committee drawn from our Executive Management Committee and senior leadership is tasked with assessing the regional and global impacts and risks of our operations and the products we produce in the areas of sustainability, human capital management, and philanthropy. The Corporate Accountability Committee also coordinates the policies, practices and initiatives needed to meet our corporate goals. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee is specifically chartered and empowered to oversee our corporate culture, particularly those matters relating to human capital management. Our Audit Committee is tasked with overseeing a wide variety of risks related to our operations, including violations of our Code and Speak Up Policy, cybersecurity risks, and data privacy amongst many others. Our Technology Committee is charged with supervision of our artificial intelligence processes, governance, implementation and risk management. Sustainability Focused on strengthening the long term resilience of our operations, reducing environmental impacts across our value chain, and creating durable value for our stakeholders. We recognize that achieving a sustainable business requires protecting the interests of our employees, the communities in which we operate, and safeguarding the environment on which our business, employees and communities rely. We advance these commitments by integrating sustainable practices and using renewable or recyclable materials across our operations and products. This approach helps us manage our environmental impact, mitigate risks, reduce costs, and enhance value for our stockholders. We are on a multi-year strategy to advance resilient and enduring operational initiatives that are intended to mitigate risks to our operations and the communities in which we operate and that we serve. This includes: Expanding our capabilities to comply with emerging domestic and international regulations governing the impacts of our operations. We continue to obtain limited assurance for our Scope 1 2 greenhouse gases ( GHG ) emissions, water and waste data by a third-party auditor. 26 Publishing our Financial Year 2024 Sustainability Report, which was issued in compliance with Swiss law. A copy of the report can be found in the Corporate Accountability section of our website. Evaluating the ecological and social impacts of our operations through a Double Materiality Assessment as we prepare to comply with reporting obligations under the European Union s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive as early as 2028. As we continue to evaluate our global sustainability and operating risks and impacts, we have various research, development, and operational initiatives underway. Energy Consumption and Generation. We believe it is important to diversify our sources of energy to mitigate overdependence on any particular form of energy. This includes: Renewable Electricity Procurement . Clean energy programs and renewable energy credits comprised 47% of our total electricity consumption in 2025. Grid-supplied electricity for our San Jose campus is sourced from 100% renewable energy, and we are advancing efforts to further maximize the use of renewable energy sources across global operations where economically feasible and in furtherance of our efforts to avoid dependence on any one form of energy. Energy Generation . We utilize on-site solar PV systems as one of several means to reduce our reliance on grid-supplied electricity. In 2024, we installed three additional PV systems. In total, our PV systems generated approximately 2,441 MWh of electricity in 2025. Strategically Leveraging Proximity and Smart Building Design. We continue to diversify operating risks, bring operations closer to our customers, and reduce shipping and transportation costs. This includes the expansion of our Wroclaw, Poland operations to speed delivery of our products to customers in Europe, Africa and portions of Asia while reducing shipping costs and ecological impacts. In addition, Wroclaw, Poland continues to maintain its Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification. Water Conservation. Through Best Management Practices, we reduced costs and water consumption through initiatives that have recycled over 24 million gallons of water since January 2023. Waste Reduction and Recycling. We continued to add comprehensive recycling programs to address the entire waste profile ranging from everyday operations to manufacturing and product use by our customers and patients. The majority of plastic we use is diverted from landfills through energy recovery programs or via recycling. We responded to customer and patient feedback for recycling initiatives by launching recycling model programs in Brazil and piloting new models in the United States and Australia, providing customers with options for recycling used aligners they have requested. Other Initiatives We began limited direct fabrication of certain products. In the future, we expect direct fabrication will significantly reduce the amount of resin used in the manufacturing process as we scale the production process and thereby reduce our per unit materials costs. Since 2016, product design and manufacturing innovations to traditional manufacturing processes have reduced our material costs by reducing the polymer content used in our aligner fabrication process by approximately 50% and the amount of resin in aligner molding by approximately 33%. Us of our iTero intraoral scanners removes the need for traditional polyvinyl-siloxane (PVS) dental impressions. Since 2018, PVS impressions per case of clear aligners have decreased by 80%, thereby helping to avoid the consumption of more than four thousand metric tons pf PVS in our process and reduced greenhouse gas emissions associated with mining, transportation, storage, energy necessary to convert the PVS impressions to digital images for molds and their disposal. Digital scans increase treatment accuracy which reduces the need for re-makes and additional shipments, further lowering resources consumption and emissions. Redesigning our packaging materials decreased costs related to shipping as well as the ecological impact of product packaging and increased compliance with packaging regulations. 27 Responsible Procurement Practices. Our suppliers are essential to all aspects of our business, and our supplier relationships are based on trust and shared commitments to ethical and legal conduct. We select key suppliers that have implemented sustainable business practices to serve our core business processes. We expect our supply partners to follow the highest standards in the industry, such as ISO 14001, and we require our suppliers to adhere to responsible sourcing. We prohibit our suppliers from profiting from the sale of tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold ( conflict minerals ) that funds conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries and require them to source such minerals from socially responsible suppliers. Our suppliers are asked to comply with our Code through which we expect them to respect human rights and treat others fairly, including complying with labor and employment laws, namely minimum wages, overtime, forced and child labors, not unlawfully confiscating immigration documents, and respecting the rights of individuals to return to their home countries. Employees Prioritizing our employees' development, wellness and safety, and valuing our employees' differences and perspectives. We believe our success is driven by a global workforce characterized by differing backgrounds, beliefs, perspectives and skills. We also strongly believe that the motivation, support, safety, and well-being of employees is fundamental to our success. Our employees must comply with our Code and are regularly asked to read and acknowledge their obligations under the Code. We also strengthen our organization by creating and following values that honor our employees: 28 Authenticity and Integrity. We are committed to a culture in which we conduct our business ethically, responsibly and transparently and inform our employees of our expectations through well-designed policies and procedures that start with our Code. Listening and Empathizing. We encourage active listening and development of healthy and respectful relationships in which employees can openly and honestly express their thoughts, opinions, hopes and concerns for the betterment of the organization and all its stakeholders. We value our employees' collective voices and as a result utilize a continuous employee listening strategy that includes globally managed pulse surveys, employee lifecycle surveys, and a self-service feature to support listening efforts for our global employees to have a continuous listening strategy. We leverage survey results and comments to seek ways to make positive changes throughout the organization. Building on the insights we gather through these continuous listening efforts, we also invest in programs that reinforce positive behaviors and celebrate contributions across our workforce. As part of our ongoing investment in building a strong, values-driven culture, Align Uplift is out global employee regards and recognition platform designed to foster a culture of appreciation by enabling meaningful, timely acknowledgment of great work across out organization. It provides a streamlined points-based recognition experience localized by country and integrated into daily workflows to celebrate contributions, reinforce our values, and strengthen connection across teams. Developing our Talent. At Align, we believe employees learn best when skill development is driven by the changing and immediate needs of our employees and by empowering all employees to take action and ownership of their careers. We also believe learning should be relevant and actionable, as well as rooted in our purpose and values. Out develop@align platform enables our global employee population to access a diverse portfolio of approximately 2,100 self-directed courses in up to 23 languages. We also offer a full suite of custom leadership development programs, beginning with aspiring leaders, continuing with managers and directors, and culminating with executive development opportunities. We also recognize we must continually evolve by providing employees with the resources they need to continue to learn, grow and thrive. To this end, we created Voyage Voyage is a global initiative that offers a set of tools, resources and a new mindset, empowering employees to start thinking differently about career growth by embracing development opportunities in new and sometimes unexpected ways. Our Voyage Compass helps employees experience their careers through four distinct lenses: self, networks, experience and skills. Since launching in 2022, over 70% of the population has interacted with Voyage, and there have been over 164,000 visits to the Voyage website. In addition to our navigations site, we annual host a Voyage Set Sail Month, where we offer experiential learning for individuals and teams utilizing activities that keep professional development front and center in employees minds. Balanced and Fair. We welcome differences as opportunities for learning, overcoming challenges and thinking creatively. We serve customers and patients in over 100 countries, making inclusion and belonging essential for our growth. We are committed to building a workforce of diverse cultural backgrounds and life experiences through fair and balanced policies and practices. A variety of employee resources and standards embody our commitment to inclusion and belonging, including our employee-led employee resource groups which are based on shared characteristics or life experiences. These are open to all employees, including those who do not directly identify with other members. Health, Wellness and Safety. We prioritize the health, safety and well-being of our employees and their families. We have implemented extensive training programs focused on keeping our employees safe while on our premises and while working remotely. We offer compensation that is competitive in our industry so employees can feel financially secure and can in turn contribute to the well-being of their families and the economies and communities in which they live. We offer a wide variety of robust programs and initiatives designed to promote the overall health and welfare of all our employees and their families. Every year, we have a month dedicated to well-being, called Month of Wellness. Throughout the Month of Wellness, employees participate in a variety of activities such as informational sessions and health fairs and receive useful resources aligned to our wellness pillars - mental resilience, physical well-being and healthy living, social/family connections, and financial wellness. This provides our employees with a variety of meaningful ways to embrace wellness and well-being including mindfulness, meditation, nutrition and mental wellness activities, exercise, hikes, yoga, volunteer activities, financial education sessions, social events, and stress management. 29 We have received numerous awards for our positive work environment and culture. Some of the certifications, awards and recognitions recognized or received in 2024 and 2025 include: Best Workplaces for Women, China Best Workplaces for Parents, Korea Great Places to Work and Best Places to Work based on our employee-validated great workplaces in the following countries: Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, India, Israel, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Vietnam and Raleigh, North Carolina (United States) Forbes America s Best Employers: Dream Employers, Best Midsize Employers, Best Employers for Engineers, Best Employers for New Grads, Best Employers for Company Culture LinkedIn Top Companies, Israel Mercer China, Healthiest Workplace Award for Outstanding Women Care Newsweek, America s Greatest Workplaces: Overall, By State (California), Gen Z, Inclusion, Mental Well-Being, Parents Families For further discussions of our inclusion initiatives as well as our many employee policies, benefits, achievements and awards please see Human Capital under Part I, Item 1 Business of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2026. Community Contributing to the communities in which we live and work by using our talents and resources. Contributing to our communities is important in our culture. Our overall philanthropic philosophy is to support organizations whose visions tie closely to our own - emphasizing the significant benefits to oral health and overall physical and mental health from digital dentistry, transforming smiles, supporting and educating youth/teens, and advancing technology through research and other partnerships with learning institutions and/or foundations. We also focus on the needs of our communities, employees, customers and their patients, and healthcare workers in general. Launched in 2020, the Align Foundation provides a structured means by which significant donations are directed from a donor-advised fund overseen by Fidelity Charitable, with the flexibility to provide smaller monetary donations, 30 processes to donate our products, as well as an organized way to involve our employees in giving activities. Below are some of our key community initiatives in 2025: Since 2013 we have been a proud supporter of Operation Smile, a global medical nonprofit that has provided hundreds of thousands of free surgeries for people born with cleft lips and cleft palates in low and middle-income countries. For the fifth year, we were the title sponsor of Operation Smile s International Student Leadership Conference (ISLC), a powerful opportunity for youth in high schools and colleges around the world to develop leadership skills and impact their communities. Operation Smile s ISLC brought together almost 400 passionate young leaders from 34 countries to build leadership skills, connect with people from different cultures and support children with cleft conditions around the world. As part of our 2025 sponsorship, we provided full scholarships for 90 participants including those born with cleft conditions and those facing financial barriers. As of December 31, 2025, we had donated over $3.4 million to Operation Smile. As part of Align s commitment to improving oral health, we partner with the INCAE Business School and the CAHI Jeffe Fellowship to strengthen the quality, accessibility, and affordability of care in Latin America. Over the past two years, we have supported four fellows advancing in oral-health education and access for low-income communities. With a network now spanning 160 health innovators across the region, this partnership reflects Align s dedications to scalable, community-driven solutions that improve health outcomes. For 18 years we have supported America s ToothFairy, an organization with a mission to ensure underserved children in the United States have access to dental care and learn about oral health by supporting nonprofit clinics and community partners. As of December 31, 2025, we have provided almost $2 million for the foundation s operational expenses and children s oral health programs. As Title Sponsor of the HERO Program since 2019, we have helped the program reach an estimated 2.87 million children, caregivers, and parents. During America s ToothFairy s 2025 fiscal year, which ended June 30th, the HERO Program positively impacted 1,082,150 children and caregivers using downloadable resources, which are also available in multiple languages. With Align s support, America s ToothFairy s Dental Resource Program (DRP) member clinics provided clinical care to 213,675 children on average, a 25% increase over last year. Among these: 191,204 children received fluoride varnish, nearly 36% more than in 2025. 75% of patients served live at or below the poverty line. 44% of children treated live in rural communities where access to care is limited. 52% of care was delivered through school-based programs. 85% of patients rely on state-funded insurance. We have also established programs to support our doctors that treat patients who may not be well-suited for wearing and managing fixed appliances due to health issues, allergies, disabilities or specific health disorders through discounted fees and other support. We held our 8 th annual Month of Smiles in October 2025, where each of our more than 20,000 employees are encouraged to participate and make a positive difference through volunteerism, charitable donations, fundraising activities, and intentional acts of goodness. Although the Month of Smiles happens in October, the giving continues through the rest of the year, and we are continuously amazed with the participation by and impact of our employees. Our partnership with Benevity, a corporate purpose platform, continues to transform our workplace, culture, and the communities where we live and work. It is a platform where employees can find ways to make a difference through volunteer activities, donation opportunities, charitable education, ad hoc matching programs, and volunteer rewards. In Canada, EMEA and the United States, Invisalign product donation programs bring smiles to young individuals. Through Align s Acts of Random Kindness (ARK) program, Invisalign-trained doctors collaborate to provide a straight smile to young patients dealing with health conditions. Since 2019, Align has extended a helping hand to hundreds of patients by waiving the lab fees for their treatments through the ARK program. In 2023, Align established a partnership with two non-profit organizations serving the US and Canada: Smiles Change Lives and Smile for a Lifetime. These organizations offer an affordable option for families who cannot bear the full cost of teeth straightening treatment for their children. As part of this program, Align waives lab fees and enables treatments through Invisalign-trained doctors who donate their time, skills, and practice resources. Employees at our site in Juarez, Mexico which represents our largest aggregate employee population, have a longstanding partnership with United Way Chihuahua, an organization that advocates for the health, 31 education, and financial stability of every person in every community. Through our site s voluntary payroll deduction program for United Way, approximately 70% of our employees participated and almost $90,000 USD was raised through 2024, earning recognition by United Way Chihuahua as one of their top donors in 2024. During 2025, our Align employees donated the equivalent of $52,000 USD to different causes supported by the United Way. Beyond monetary contributions, Juarez employees engaged in numerous volunteer events with United Way and other organizations providing hair donations for cancer patients and providing groceries to food banks. Together, these efforts reflect the unwavering generosity and community spirit that define our Juarez team s impact year after year. We partnered with universities, dental schools, hospitals, and clinics that support education, leadership and diversity among current and future GP doctors and orthodontists. In 2010, Align began the Research Award Program with the goal to support clinical and scientific orthodontic and dental research in universities across the globe. Since its inception in 2010, we have funded over approximately $4 million in research awards. Research has provided insights into various areas including tooth movement efficacy with clear aligner therapy, oral hygiene and microbial bacteria presence or absence with clear aligners, and comparisons in quality of life with aligners as compared to fixed appliances. We awarded $300,000 to university faculty for scientific and technological research initiatives in 2025 to advance patient care in the fields of orthodontics and dentistry. 32 Directors Board Composition and Refreshment Director Nominees Summary of Director Experience, Skills and Attributes 33 Directors Our Board consists of a unique and varied group of highly qualified leaders in their respective fields, all of whom have senior leadership experience at large domestic and multinational companies, which has given them significant and extensive management experience. Our directors also have in-depth public company experience serving as executive officers, including several current or former chief executive officers, or on boards of directors and board committees, and have a robust understanding of corporate governance practices and trends. Our Board and Nominating and Governance Committee believe the skills, qualities, attributes, and experiences of our directors provide us with business acumen and a diverse range of perspectives to effectively address our evolving needs and represent the best interests of our stockholders. Director Skills Matrix The matrix below represents some of the key experiences, attributes, and skills that our Board has identified as particularly valuable to the oversight of Align, and illustrates how the director nominees collectively represent them. While all these qualifications were considered in connection with this year s director nomination process, the matrix does not encompass all of the skills, qualities, attributes, and experiences of the director nominees. Our Board firmly believes that its highly qualified director nominees provide the Board with a robust complement of backgrounds, skills, qualifications, and perspectives necessary for effective oversight. Nominee Skills Matrix Finance (6/10) Healthcare Industry (8/10) Medical Device (8/10) Technology Innovation (9/10) Global Company (10/10) Enterprise Risk Management (5/10) Consumer Marketing/Brand Management (5/10) Business Strategy Operation (9/10) Cybersecurity/IT/AI (3/10) Mass Manufacturing (2/10) Human Capital, Sustainability Corporate Governance (7/10) 34 Board Composition and Refreshment Our Board considers its composition and refreshment annually and our Nominating and Governance Committee is tasked with managing succession planning and recruitment. Identifying Nominees Our Nominating and Governance Committee considers candidates for Board membership suggested by our Board, executive management and stockholders. The Committee also periodically retains third-party executive search firms to identify independent director candidates. Most recently, in 2025, the Committee retained a third-party executive search firm to assist with the identification and evaluation of potential independent director candidates, one of whom, Britt Vitalone, was appointed to our Board and Audit Committee in July 2025. In considering candidates for director nominees, the Committee generally assembles information regarding candidates backgrounds and qualifications. The Committee, in its discretion, may designate one or more of its members to interview any candidate. In addition, the Committee may seek input from executive management and other members of our Board, who may interview any candidate. The Committee recommends nominees on its assessment of the backgrounds, experiences and overall suitability to serve on our Board in accordance with our policy regarding nominations and qualifications of directors. Under our Guidelines, our Nominating and Governance Committee considers candidate recommendations from stockholders holding at least 1% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock continuously for at least 12 months prior to the date they submit a recommendation. The Committee will consider persons recommended by our stockholders in the same manner as nominees recommended by our Board, individual board members and executive management. A stockholder may also nominate a person directly for election to our Board at an annual meeting of our stockholders provided their proposal meets the requirements set forth in our Bylaws and the rules and regulations of the SEC related to stockholder proposals. Pursuant to our proxy access provisions, a stockholder (or a group of not more than 20 stockholders) holding at least 3% of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years is entitled to nominate and include in our proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two individuals or 20% of our Board, provided that the nominating stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in our Bylaws, including providing us with advance notice of the nomination and other ownership requirements. The required notice must include the information and documents set forth in our Bylaws and, with respect to our 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, must be provided to the Corporate Secretary between November 8, 2026 and December 8, 2026 at the following address: Align Technology, Inc., 410 N. Scottsdale Rd., Suite 1300, Tempe, AZ 85288, Attn: Investor Relations or investorinfo@aligntech.com. Any notice of director nomination submitted to Align other than as described above must include the additional information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. The process for properly submitting a stockholder proposal, including a proposal to nominate a person for election to our Board at an annual meeting, is described below in the answer to the question, Is there any information that I should know regarding future annual meetings? 35 Qualifications and Backgrounds Our Nominating and Governance Committee requires the following minimum qualifications it believes should be met by a nominee for a position on our Board: the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity; proven achievement and competence in the nominee's field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment; skills and experience that are complementary to those of the existing directors; the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to our success; and an understanding of the fiduciary responsibilities required of a member of our Board, including care, loyalty, and good faith along, with the commitment of time and energy necessary to diligently seek out, oversee and make decisions consistent with those responsibilities. Our Board seeks directors who represent a mix of backgrounds, skills, and experiences that will enhance the quality of deliberations and decisions. Moreover, our directors have diverse business and professional backgrounds, including experience as current and former chief executive officers, and experience in the following areas: global company leadership, technology and innovation, business strategy and operation, healthcare industry leadership, medical device, human capital, sustainability and corporate governance, finance, enterprise risk management, consumer marketing/brand management, cybersecurity, IT and AI, and mass manufacturing. Such considerations are discussed by our Nominating and Governance Committee in connection with the general qualifications of each potential nominee. Board Skills Qualifications 6 Directors Appointed Since 2017 Diverse Skills and Backgrounds 4 Female Directors Professional Integrity Strong Personal Ethics Proven Achievements Field Expertise Sound Business Judgment 36 Board Refreshment In 2025, our Board added one new independent director and has added 6 independent directors since 2017 (60% of the nominees for election as directors at the Annual Meeting), each of whom has brought valuable and diverse backgrounds and perspectives to our Board overall. Moreover, between 2021 and following the start of our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, four longer-tenured directors will have rotated off the Board. As an innovative technology company in the highly regulated medical device industry, our directors bring considerable experience overseeing sales and marketing, operations, finance and accounting, research and development, legal, regulatory and compliance and corporate governance, all practices essential to our success. Our refreshment process reflects a balanced approach that allows us to benefit from our valued tenured members who know and understand our company, while also seeking new members with experiences that add future value. We are committed to maintaining a Board that blends a breadth of backgrounds with strategic expertise in varying fields and who offer perspectives in areas key to our mission, vision and strategic growth and expansion of our business into key domestic and international markets. 2025 Britt Vitalone 2023 Mojdeh Poul Kevin T. Conroy 2019 Anne M. Myong 2018 Kevin J. Dallas 2017 Susan E. Siegel 2015 Joseph M. Hogan 2013 Andrea L. Saia Pre- 2010 Joseph Lacob C. Raymond Larkin Jr. 37 Director Nominees Kevin T. Conroy Age: 60 Director Since: 2023 Roles: Independent Director; Chair of Compensation and Human Capital Committee Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Committee Election Term: 2026-2027 Experience: 2009 - 2026 CEO and Chairman of the Board (2014), Exact Sciences Corp. (molecular diagnostics company) 2005 - 2008 President and CEO, Third Wave Technologies, Inc. (molecular diagnostics company) 2004 - 2005 General Counsel, Third Wave Technologies, Inc. (molecular diagnostics company) Prior Various Leadership Positions at GE Healthcare (medical technology company) Other Board Positions Exact Sciences Corp. (2014-2026) Fuze Health (2025-present) Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (2019-2023) Epizyme, Inc. (2017-2022) CM Life Sciences II Inc. (2021) SomaLogic, Inc. (2021) Arya Sciences Acquisition Corp. (2018-2020) Notable Experience and Key Board Contributions Mr. Conroy has extensive experience creating stockholder value as a business, legal, corporate strategy, and executive leader and has significant experience in the healthcare and the molecular diagnostics industries. At Exact Sciences, Mr. Conroy helped to develop Cologuard and the company has grown to $2.76B in revenue while serving 4.5 million patients. At Third Wave, Mr. Conroy developed and brought a novel cervical cancer screening test, Cervista, to patients. Education B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Michigan State University J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School 38 Kevin J. Dallas Age: 62 Director Since: 2018 Roles: Independent Director; Chair of Technology Committee Committees: Technology Committee; Audit Committee Election Term: 2026-2027 Experience: 2023 - Present CEO, EnterpriseDB Corporation (software company) 2020 - 2022 CEO, Wind River Systems, Inc. (software company) 1996 - 2020 Corporate Vice President, Cloud AI Business Development, Microsoft (software company) Prior Various Positions, NVIDIA Corporation and National Semiconductor, now Texas Instruments Inc. (technology company) Other Board Positions EnterpriseDB (2023-present) Notable Experience and Key Board Contributions Mr. Dallas brings more than 25 years of experience driving digital innovation and growth at technology companies and expertise in the digital transformation of customers and partners as well as AI. At Microsoft, Mr. Dallas enabled the digital transformation of customers and partners across a range of industries including: connected/autonomous vehicles, industrial IoT, discrete manufacturing, retail, financial services, media and entertainment, and healthcare. Mr. Dallas has deep expertise in cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, machine learning and information technology. Education B.S.c. in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from Staffordshire University 39 Joseph M. Hogan Age : 68 Director Since : 2015 Roles : Director, President and CEO of Align Technology, Inc. Election Term: 2026-2027 Experience: 2015 - Present President and CEO, Align Technology Inc. (dental technology company) Prior CEO, ABB (technology company) Various Positions including CEO of GE Healthcare, General Electric (a medical technology company) Other Board Positions Supervisory Board of avateramedical N.V. (2019-2021) Notable Experience and Key Board Contributions At Align, Mr. Hogan has overseen significant financial and operating performance. Mr. Hogan is a proven leader serving as an integral connection between our board of directors and management. He brings to Align significant leadership experience from large public companies, with strategic business, market development and sales acumen, and expertise in strategic and operational aspects of complex, international organizations. During his five years at ABB, Mr. Hogan oversaw a 25% increase in revenues. As CEO of GE Healthcare, Mr. Hogan drove significant geographic and market portfolio expansion and more than doubled revenues from $7 billion to $16 billion. Education B.S. in Business and Economics from Geneva College M.B.A. from Robert Morris University 40 Joseph Lacob Age : 70 Director Since : 1997 Roles : Independent Director; Chair of Nominating and Governance Committee Committees : Nominating and Governance Committee; Technology Committee Election Term : 2026-2027 Experience: 2010 - Present Governor, Co-Executive Chairman and CEO, Golden State Warriors (basketball team) and Golden State WNBA (basketball team) 1987 - 2010 Partner, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers (venture capital firm) Prior Various Positions, Cetus Corporation, now Chiron Corporation (biotechnology company) Various Positions, FHP International (health maintenance organization) Various Positions, Booz, Allen Hamilton (consulting firm) Other Board Positions Golden State Warriors (2010-present) NeuroPace, Inc. (1997-present) Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. (2004-2012) Notable Experience and Key Board Contributions Mr. Lacob brings expertise in evaluating and developing strategic opportunities, specifically in the technology, healthcare and life sciences industries. Mr. Lacob also has significant consumer marketing, financial, strategic investment and mergers and acquisition experience. Mr. Lacob was closely involved with KPCB s investments in more than 50 life science companies, including the startup or incubation of a dozen ventures, and with KPCB s medical technology practice, which includes more than 30 therapeutic and diagnostic medical device companies. Education B.S. in Biological Sciences from the University of California at Irvine Masters in Public Health from the University of California at Los Angeles M.B.A. from Stanford University 41 C. Raymond Larkin, Jr. Age : 77 Director Since : 2004 Roles : Independent Director; Chairman of the Board Committees : Nominating and Governance Committee Election Term: 2026-2027 Experience: 1999 - 2010 Principal, Group Outcome L.L.C. (merchant banking) 2003 - 2007 CEO, Eunoe, Inc. (medical device company) Prior Venture Partner, Cutlass Capital (venture capital firm) President and CEO, Nellcor Puritan Bennett, Inc. (respiratory products companies) Other Board Positions Shockwave Medical, Inc., Chair (2019-2024) Neuropace (2008-2019) Heartware, Inc., Chair (2008-2018) Reva Medical, Inc., Chair (2008-2018) Notable Experience and Key Board Contributions Mr. Larkin brings significant leadership experience at large public companies, a deep knowledge and authority in the medical device and healthcare fields, extensive public and private company board experience, and strong strategic business development and tactical implementation skills. Mr. Larkin has unique experience with the growth and maturation of a medical device company. He grew Nellcor to nearly $1 billion in revenues through the development and introduction of pulse oximetry into worldwide use for patient safety monitoring, setting the standard of care for the respiratory-impaired patient. Mr. Larkin served in the United States Marine Corps, rising to the level of Captain. Education B.S. in Industrial Management from LaSalle University 42 Anne M. Myong Age: 58 Director Since: 2019 Role s: Independent Director; Chair of Audit Committee Committees: Audit Committee; Compensation and Human Capital Committee Election Term: 2026-2027 Experience: 2021 - 2023 President, Amyris, Inc. (biotechnology company) 2020 - 2021 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Aura Financial (financial services company) 2014 - 2017 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Walmart Global eCommerce (eCommerce segment of retail corporation) 2011 - 2014 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, Walmart China Retail (retail corporation) Prior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Agilent Technologies China (life science software and supplies company) Other Board Positions Goodwill Industries International, Inc. (2016-2022) Wal-Mart de M xico, S.A.B. de C.V. (2016-2017) Notable Experience and Key Board Contributions Ms. Myong brings extensive experience in global operations, finance and accounting with a unique knowledge of international markets, a deep understanding of financial reporting and organizational risks, controls and monitoring, and expertise in consumer products, omnichannel retailing, digital marketing, and scaling industry-transforming innovations. As Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Walmart Global eCommerce, Ms. Myong accelerated the growth, profitability, and digital transformation of Walmart s retail and e-commerce operations in the United States, China, and Brazil. Education B.B.A. in Computer Information Systems from James Madison University M.B.A. from Harvard Business School 43 Mojdeh Poul Age: 63 Director Since: 2023 Roles: Independent Director Committees: Audit Committee Election Term: 2026-2027 Experience: 2025 - Present President and Chief Executive Officer, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (global medical technology company) 2019 - 2022 Executive Vice President and Group President, 3M Healthcare Business Group (gl