=== ALGN_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, or that we currently believe to be material. including those described below. When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be materially and adversely affected. The risks below are not the only ones we face. Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Therefore, you should review this section carefully, as well as our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and other information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for important information regarding these and other risks that may affect us. Additionally, you should consider these risk factors in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Macroeconomic and External Risks Global and regional economic conditions have and could in the future materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which can reduce or shift spending away from elective procedures, drive patients to pursue less costly orthodontic treatments, decrease the number of orthodontic case starts, reduce patient traffic in dental offices, or reduce demand for dental services generally. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in consumer confidence and demand, inflation, general economic weakness, actual or potential slowdowns or recessions, employment levels, health insurance coverage, wages, debt obligations, discretionary income, interest rates, cultural and social influences, market volatility and perceptions of current and future economic conditions. For instance, decreased demand for dental services has and may in the future cause doctors and labs to revert to wires and brackets and postpone investments in capital equipment. Uncertain economic outlooks for, or declines in the economic outlooks of, the United States, Chinese, European and other economies have and could in the future materially adversely affect consumer demand and dental practice spending. Higher interest rates have and could in the future reduce consumers’ disposable income, which could cause a decrease in discretionary spending for our products. Inflation has and may continue to adversely impact spending and trade activities, and may unpredictably impact global and regional economies. Efforts by central banks and federal, state and local governments to combat inflation could result in an economic recession or slowdown or adversely impact consumer spending for a prolonged period of time. Higher inflation, as well as the cost of fuel, energy and domestic and international shipping costs, food and other essential or discretionary items, 22 raw material prices and labor rates, has and may continue to rise, which could adversely impact the costs of producing, procuring and shipping our products. We may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of the increased costs or pass price increases on to our customers, which could result in downward pressure on our operating results. Attempts to offset cost increases with price increases may reduce sales, increase customer dissatisfaction or otherwise harm our reputation. Any of these events could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to foreign currency exchange fluctuations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We have significant international operations and sales and are therefore exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies that have and may continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency, a large portion of our net revenues and expenses are generated in foreign currencies. While we forecast our balance sheet exposures to foreign currency fluctuations and utilize foreign currency forward contracts to moderate the impact of currency fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities, these contracts may not eliminate our exposure. Currency exchange rate fluctuations have and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Geopolitical events, tariffs and trade policies, and military conflicts have and could in the future materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . Geopolitical events, wars, military actions, terrorism, or major public health crises have and could in the future harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy, and could materially adversely affect our business. Such events have and could result in, among other things, supply chain and trade disruptions, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, new and retaliatory tariffs, trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, trade sanctions and countersanctions, customs investigations or restrictions, boycotts, reduced consumer spending, government shutdowns, cyberattacks, energy shortages or power outages, energy rationing that adversely impacts our manufacturing facilities, rising fuel or rising costs of producing, procuring, and shipping our products, constraints, volatility or disruption in the financial markets, employee deaths or injuries, restrictions and shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies, data or information exchange, disruptions, interruptions or limitations in telecommunication services, critical systems or applications reliant on a stable and uninterrupted communications infrastructure, and protests that may impact delivery of our products to customers or destruction of property. Such events may also cause a shift in public opinion about companies based in the United States or in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, which could adversely impact our reputation and business. Tariffs or proposed tariffs, customs duties, or fees, and any retaliatory tariffs, international trade disputes, or protectionist trade measures taken in response to such tariffs may increase the cost of our products and the components or the raw materials used to make them, reduce demand for our products and adversely impact our gross margin and results of operations, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit or prohibit the availability of certain raw materials, components and parts necessary for our products or the products of our suppliers, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, to determine the effects on the national security of imports of personal protective equipment (PPE), medical consumables, and medical equipment including devices. A significant portion of the products we sell, and the components and raw materials used in our products are originally manufactured or sourced outside the United States. For example, we manufacture clear aligners in our facility in Mexico and ship them to the United States, primarily for our United States customers, with the remainder eventually shipped to other international locations. Tariffs have and could in the future result in additional costs for our products, which may reduce demand for our products and adversely impact our gross margin and results of operations, and we may not be able to fully or substantially mitigate the impact of any new or increased tariffs or pass price increases on to our customers and to the extent we do, we may experience reduced demand for our products. The extent and duration of any tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business, financial condition and results of operations are uncertain. Foreign countries have and may continue to adopt other measures such as controls on the import or export of goods, technology or data, including personal data, which could adversely impact our operations and supply chains or limit our ability to offer certain products or services. We may take various actions in response to these measures, including changing suppliers, where we manufacture our products, or restructuring business relationships. Such actions may be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our logistics and operations, irreversible, and more costly for us and our customers. Trade restrictions may be announced with little or no advance notice and we may be unable to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts in a timely manner or at all. Military conflicts, wars, and escalation of terrorist or gang activities have and may in the future materially adversely impact the economies in which we operate. Our iTero operations, headquartered in Israel, are close to areas that have been affected by the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Our supply chains and demand for our products could be impaired as a result of political instability, drug trafficking, the continuation or escalation of terrorist or gang activities (particularly with respect to our manufacturing operations in Mexico), hostilities, export and import restrictions, sanctions or boycotts. These events could disrupt ongoing operations and may materially impact the logistics, timing and cost of shipping of our products and materials or our ability to operate out of impacted areas, and our ongoing contingency planning and business continuity measures to mitigate these risks may not be sufficient. Additionally, China’s territorial conflicts with other neighboring countries may impact our operations and sales in China. We cannot predict the progress or outcome of these events or the reactions by governments, businesses or consumers and each event could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Natural disasters may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as those of our customers and consumers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, commercial intermediaries and other business partners. 23 Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions (including those caused by climate change) can cause deaths, injuries and major public health crises, power outages, property damage, restrictions and shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies, telecommunications failures, materials scarcity, price volatility and other adverse consequences. If a natural disaster occurs in a region where one of our facilities or those of our customers or suppliers are located, our or their employees or facilities could be impacted, valuable research could be lost, and our ability to create treatment plans, respond to customer inquiries or manufacture and ship our products could be compromised, causing significant delays and reputational harm. Climate change could increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts, extreme temperatures, or flooding which could cause supply chain interruptions, increase demand and negatively impact availability of sources of energy or resources material to manufacturing our products and operations, or cause damage to our products and facilities. It could also affect the availability or cost of materials, goods, and services on which we and our suppliers, contract manufacturers, commercial intermediaries and other business partners rely, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Business and Industry Risks Demand for our products and services may not increase or may decrease for many reasons, including resistance to the innovative and business-model-disruptive nature of some of our products and services. Our products and services require our customers and consumers to forego traditional treatment methods. For example, Invisalign treatment is a significant departure from traditional orthodontic wires and brackets, and our customers and consumers may not find it cost-effective or preferable. A number of dental professionals believe Invisalign treatment is only appropriate for a limited percentage of patients. Additionally, our clear aligners and iTero products utilize digital technology and some dental professionals have and may continue to resist moving to a digital platform. Increased acceptance of our products and services depends in part on the recommendations of dental professionals, professional associations, societies and organizations, as well as other factors, including efficacy, safety, ease of use, reliability, aesthetics, third-party reimbursement, price compared to traditional treatment methods and competing products, and perceptions regarding single-use or non-recyclable plastics. Additionally, negative experiences with clear aligner products manufactured or distributed by competitors may adversely affect our reputation and demand for the Invisalign System if consumers or dental professionals attribute these negative experiences to clear aligner therapy generally, even if our products differ significantly in design, quality, and clinical effectiveness. If demand for our products or services fails to increase, or decreases, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Our net revenues depend primarily on sales of the Invisalign System and iTero intraoral scanners and declines in volume or the average selling price (“ASP”) may adversely affect net revenues, gross profit, operating profit and net income. Our net revenues are primarily dependent on sales of the Invisalign System an d iTero intraoral scanners. Of the two, we expect the Invisalign System to continue to represent the majority of our net revenues and remain critical to our success. The ASPs of our products, particularly the Invisalign System, are influenced by numerous factors, including the mix of product treatment packages, geographical mix, channel mix and timing of products sold, promotions and discounts, inflation and foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, we sell our products at different prices and with varying shipping and handling charges or processing fees that may differ by country. Our ASPs for the Invisalign System and iTero intraoral scanners have been and could in the future be adversely affected if: • we offer promotions or general or volume-based discount programs, product or services bundles, large account sales or consumer rebate programs; • participation in promotions or programs unexpectedly increases, decreases or changes demand in material ways; • our geographic, channel or product mix shifts to lower-priced products or to products with a higher percentage of deferred revenue; • we decrease prices or are unable to increase prices on one or more products or services in response to increasing competitive pricing pressures; • we introduce new or change existing products or services, or modify how we market, lease or sell any of our new or existing products or services; • we modify our pricing strategies for certain products or adjust pricing for certain items based on cancellation fees, shipping and handling charges or processing fees; • we participate in government tenders, such as volume-based procurement in China; or • our critical accounting estimates materially differ from actual results. We have a history of offering volume discounts, price reductions and other promotions to targeted customers and consumers and releasing lower priced products which have had, and may in the future have, unexpected and unintended consequences, including reduced net revenues, gross profit, operating profit and net income. Competition in the markets for our products and services is increasing. The dental industry is experiencing immense and rapid digital transformation and we may be unable to compete with existing competitors and emerging companies that introduce new technologies, products or services, and customers who alone or with others create orthodontic appliances and solutions or other products or services that compete with us. While our product portfolio facilitates this transition, our competitors may render our technology or products obsolete or economically unattractive, particularly as competitors incorporate AI and machine learning into new or existing services and technologies that facilitate changes in doctor-patient interactions, expectations and treatment workflows. We may be unable to devote adequate 24 financial resources to develop or acquire new AI technologies and systems in the future and sufficiently meet evolving industry trends and consumer demands. We also face competition from traditional products and services, such as wires and brackets, which doctors have historically been able to purchase at a lower price point. We have and will likely continue to experience price-focused competition as we continue to expand into new markets, which could contribute to the commoditization of our products or services if we are unable to otherwise differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors. The number and types of competitors we face are diverse and growing rapidly. The Invisalign System competes primarily against traditional wires and brackets and increasingly with clear aligners manufactured and distributed by new market entrants and existing competitors, including traditional medical device companies, laboratories, startups and, in some cases, doctors and DSOs. Our competitors also include DTC companies that provide clear aligners using a business model requiring little to no in-office care from trained and licensed doctors, and doctors and DSOs who manufacture custom aligners or procure products from third-party white-label providers. Large consumer product companies may also start supplying orthodontic products. Orthodontists, GPs and DSOs have and may continue to sample competitive and alternative products, take advantage of competitive promotions and sale opportunities, or engage in “bait and switch,” “margin steering” or similar practices that take advantage of the significant brand recognition of Invisalign to offer alternative products. Our iTero intraoral scanners compete with polyvinyl siloxane impressions and numerous new and existing intraoral scanners and traditional impression methods, as well as traditional bite wing 2D dental X-rays and dental imaging systems that leverage NIRI technology and AI for detecting interproximal caries. We have and may continue to experience competition with respect to our scanners and software solutions from competitors who introduce products at lower prices or with enhanced features or functionalities that better meets customer demand, including expansion of their portfolios in the digital ecosystem. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing products, existing competitors, new market entrants, or respond effectively to new technologies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. Our success depends on our ability to quickly and profitably develop, manufacture, market, and obtain and maintain regulatory approvals or clearances of new, improved or refurbished products and services. The extent and rate at which our products or services achieve market acceptance and penetration depends on many factors, including our ability to: • cost-effectively and efficiently predict, timely innovate, develop, manufacture, quality test, market, launch, dispose of and sell new or improved technologies, applications, features, products and services to meet market demand and keep pace with changes in technology, customers’ demands and industry standards; • successfully and timely obtain and maintain regulatory approvals or clearances of new or improved products or services from government agencies such as the FDA and analogous agencies in other countries; • properly forecast the amount and timing of new or improved product and services demand; • allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects; • ensure the compatibility of our technology, services and systems with those of our customers; • anticipate and rapidly innovate in response to new competitive offerings and technologies; • differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors as well as other products and services in our own portfolio and successfully articulate the benefits to potential customers; • design and manufacture products that achieve the clinical and practice outcomes necessary for market acceptance; • manage the impact of nationalism or initiatives encouraging consumer purchases from domestic vendors; • qualify for third-party reimbursement for procedures involving our products or services; • offer attractive and competitive products, services and subscription plans; • encourage customers to adopt new or improved technologies and provide the needed technical, sales and marketing support to make new or improved product and services launches successful; • manage government procurement program restrictions; and • source and receive quality raw materials or parts from our suppliers. If we fail to accurately predict the needs and preferences of customers and their patients, or fail to offer viable products or services, we may invest heavily in research and development that does not lead to significant revenues. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new or improved products and services, we may incur substantial costs doing so and our profitability may suffer. Introduction and acceptance of any products and services may take significant time and effort, particularly if they require doctor education and training to understand their benefits or doctors choose to withhold judgment on a product or service until patients complete their treatments. In addition, we periodically introduce new business and sales initiatives to meet customers’ needs and demands, which may not be successful and may involve short-term execution challenges. Should these initiatives fail, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions, and they may require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value or adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have and may in the future acquire, or make investments in, companies, businesses, products, technologies or other assets, which may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our desired synergies and integration. Alternatively, we may be unable to find suitable investment or acquisition opportunities or be unable to complete investments or acquisitions on favorable terms. We are subject to various risks when making a strategic investment or acquisition and integrating the operations and cultures of acquired businesses within our own, including that we may: 25 • ultimately own less than a majority of the outstanding shares of the company and be unable to control or have significant influence over critical issues that could harm the value of our investment; • fail to perform proper due diligence and inherit unexpected material issues or assets, including intellectual property (“IP”) or other litigation or ongoing investigations, accounting irregularities or compliance liabilities; • experience information technology (“IT”) security and privacy compliance issues; • invest in companies that generate net losses or are slow or fail to develop; • not realize a positive return on our investment or determine that investments have declined in value, which could require recording impairments; • need to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for an acquisition, adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition or the trading price of our common stock; • find it difficult to implement and harmonize company-wide financial reporting, forecasting and budgeting, accounting, billing, IT and other systems due to inconsistencies in standards, internal controls, procedures and policies; • require significant time and resources to effectuate the integration; • fail to retain key personnel or harm our existing culture or the culture of an acquired entity; • not realize material portions of the expected synergies and benefits of the investment or acquisition; or • unsuccessfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or acquired company’s know-how or fail to successfully integrate the technologies acquired. Operational Risks Our quarterly and annual results of operations have and will continue to fluctuate in the future, and we may not accurately predict the timing and amount of customer demand and our revenues, costs, and expenditures. Some of the factors that have and could in the future cause our operating results to fluctuate include: • changes in consumer, customer and industry demand; • changes in manufacturing, packaging, delivery and inventory costs; • the creditworthiness, liquidity and solvency of our customers and their ability to timely make payments when due; • our ability to collect payments; • our acceptance of longer customer payment cycles; • changes in the timing of revenue recognition and our ASPs as a result of changes to the amount allocated to the standalone selling price of the distinct performance obligations under sales contracts; • seasonal fluctuations; • geographic, channel or product mix shifts to lower priced products or to products with a higher percentage of deferred revenue; • improvements to or changes in our products, capabilities or technologies that replace or shorten the life cycles of legacy products or cause customers to defer or stop purchasing legacy products until new products become available; • changes in costs and expenditures, including in connection with new treatment planning and fabrication facilities and the hiring and deployment of personnel; • the timing of clear aligner treatment order submissions, acceptance, processing and fulfillment, which can cause fluctuations in our backlog; • new, proposed or retaliatory tariffs; and • timing and fluctuation of spending around marketing and brand awareness campaigns and industry trade shows. If we fail to accurately predict product demand, our manufacturing capacity, staffing, supplies, components, or materials, or those of one or more of our suppliers may be inadequate. If we fail to timely manufacture and deliver products to meet demand, this could damage our relationships with existing customers or harm our ability to attract new customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may make business decisions that adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policies and payment terms, promotions, development efforts, product releases, business structure or operations. The majority of our expenses, such as employee compensation and lease obligations, are relatively fixed in the short term. Moreover, our expense levels are based, in part, on expectations for future revenues. As a result, if our net revenues for a particular period are below expectations, we may be unable to timely or effectively reduce spending to offset any shortfalls. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if doctors at DSOs, orthodontic service organizations (“OSOs”) or other large group practices reduce, delay, or do not increase their purchasing of our products and services in ways that reduce adoption of our products and services. DSOs, OSOs and other large group practices have become an increasingly important channel for adoption of our products and services. If doctors at DSOs, OSOs or other large group practices reduce, delay, or do not expand their purchasing of our products and services, or otherwise change priorities, protocols, or workflows in ways that reduce utilization of our products, demand for our products and services may not increase or may decrease, which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, on behalf of the doctors in their affiliated practices, DSOs and other large group practices may have greater leverage to negotiate pricing, volume‑based discounts, rebates, extended payment terms, or other commercial concessions, which could adversely affect our ASPs, gross margins and profitability. 26 We are subject to operating risks, including excess or constrained capacity, operational inefficiencies and pressure on our internal systems, personnel and suppliers, including as a result of our past and any future restructuring efforts, which could adversely affect our results of operations. To manage current and anticipated future operations effectively, we must continually implement and improve our operational, financial and management information systems, hire, train, motivate, manage and retain employees, and ensure our suppliers remain diverse and capable of meeting demand for the systems, raw materials, parts and components essential to product manufacturing and delivery. We may fail to balance near-term efforts to meet existing demand with future demand, including adding personnel, creating scalable, secure and robust

=== ALGN_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following discusses some of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and the price of our common stock. You should carefully review this section, as well as our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and other information appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for important information regarding these and other risks that may affect us. The order we have chosen to list the risks below or the sections in which we have identified them should not be interpreted to mean we deem any risks to be more or less important or likely to occur or, if any do occur, that their impact may be any less significant than any others. These risk factors should be considered in connection with the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because they could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially from those statements. Before you invest in our common stock, know that investing involves risks, including those described below, which are not the only risks we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Macroeconomic and External Risks Global and regional economic conditions have and could in the future materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which can reduce or shift spending away from elective procedures, drive patients to pursue less costly orthodontic treatments, decrease the number of orthodontic case starts, reduce patient traffic in dental offices, or reduce demand for dental services generally. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in consumer confidence and demand, inflation, general economic weakness, actual or potential slowdowns or recessions, employment levels, health insurance coverage, wages, debt obligations, discretionary income, interest rates, cultural and social influences, market volatility and perceptions of current and future economic conditions. For instance, decreased demand for dental services has and may in the future cause doctors and labs to revert to wires and brackets and postpone investments in capital equipment. Uncertain economic outlooks for, or declines in the economic outlooks of, the United States, Chinese, European and other economies have and could in the future materially adversely affect consumer demand and dental practice spending. Higher interest rates have and could in the future reduce consumers’ disposable income, which could cause a decrease in discretionary spending for our products. Inflation has and may continue to adversely impact spending and trade activities, and may unpredictably impact global and regional economies. Efforts by central banks and federal, state and local governments to combat inflation could result in an economic recession or slowdown or adversely impact consumer spending for a prolonged period of time. Higher inflation, as well as the cost of fuel, energy and domestic and international shipping costs, food and other essential or discretionary items, raw material prices and labor rates, has and may continue to rise, which could adversely impact the costs of producing, procuring and shipping our products. We may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of the increased costs or pass price increases on to our customers, which could result in downward pressure on our operating results. Attempts to offset cost increases with price increases may reduce sales, increase customer dissatisfaction or otherwise harm our reputation. Any of these events could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to foreign currency exchange fluctuations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We have significant international operations and sales and are therefore exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies that have and may continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency, a large portion of our net revenues and expenses are generated in foreign currencies. While we forecast our balance sheet exposures to foreign currency fluctuations and utilize foreign currency forward contracts to moderate the impact of currency fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities, these contracts may not eliminate our exposure. Currency exchange rate fluctuations have and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Geopolitical events, tariffs and trade policies, and military conflicts have and could in the future materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . Geopolitical events, wars, military actions, terrorism, or major public health crises have and could in the future harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy, and could materially adversely affect our business. Such events have and could result in, among other things, supply chain and trade disruptions, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, new and retaliatory tariffs, trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, trade sanctions and countersanctions, customs investigations or restrictions, boycotts, reduced consumer spending, government shutdowns, cyberattacks, energy shortages or power outages, energy rationing that adversely impacts our manufacturing facilities, rising fuel or rising costs of producing, procuring, and shipping our products, constraints, volatility or disruption in the financial markets, employee deaths or injuries, restrictions and shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies, data or information exchange, disruptions, interruptions or limitations in telecommunication services, critical systems or applications reliant on a stable and uninterrupted communications infrastructure, and protests that may impact delivery of our products to customers or destruction of property. 38 Table of Contents Such events may also cause a shift in public opinion about companies based in the United States or in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, which could adversely impact our reputation and business. Tariffs or proposed tariffs, customs duties, or fees, and any retaliatory tariffs, international trade disputes, or protectionist trade measures taken in response to such tariffs may increase the cost of our products and the components or the raw materials used to make them, reduce demand for our products and adversely impact our gross margin and results of operations, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit or prohibit the availability of certain raw materials, components and parts necessary for our products or the products of our suppliers, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, to determine the effects on the national security of imports of personal protective equipment (PPE), medical consumables, and medical equipment including devices. A significant portion of the products we sell, and the components and raw materials used in our products are originally manufactured or sourced outside the United States. For example, we manufacture clear aligners in our facility in Mexico and ship them to the United States, primarily for our United States customers, with the remainder eventually shipped to other international locations. Tariffs have and could in the future result in additional costs for our pro