=== ALGN_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. PART I Item 1. Business. Our Company Align Technology, Inc. ( we, us, our, Align or the Company ) is a global medical device company primarily engaged in the design, manufacture and marketing of Invisalign clear aligners for the treatment of malocclusions, or the misalignment of teeth, by orthodontists and general dental practitioners ( GPs ), Vivera TM retainers for retention, iTero TM intraoral scanners and services for dentistry, and exocad TM computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing ( CAD/CAM ) software for dental laboratories and dental practitioners. Our vision and strategy is to revolutionize orthodontic and restorative dentistry through digital treatment planning and implementation using the Align TM Digital Platform, an integrated suite of proprietary technologies and services designed to deliver a seamless, end-to-end solution for patients, consumers, orthodontists, GPs and lab partners. We strive to achieve our vision and strategy through key objectives made possible with the proprietary technologies and services of the Align TM Digital Platform to establish: clear aligners as the principal solution for the treatment of malocclusions with the Invisalign System as the treatment solution of choice by orthodontists, GPs and patients 3 globally, our iTero intraoral scanners as the preferred scanning technology for digital dental scans and our exocad CAD/CAM software as the dental restorative solution of choice for dental labs. Our corporate headquarters are located at 410 North Scottsdale Road, Suite 1300, Tempe, Arizona 85288. Our telephone number is 602-742-2000. Our internet address is www.aligntech.com . Our Americas regional headquarters is located in Raleigh, North Carolina, U.S.A.; our European, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) regional headquarters is located in Rotkreuz, Switzerland; and our Asia Pacific ( APAC ) regional headquarters is located in Singapore. We have two operating segments: (1) Clear Aligner and (2) Imaging Systems and CAD/CAM Services ( Systems and Services ). For the year ended December 31, 2025, Clear Aligner net revenues represented approximately 80% of worldwide net revenues, while Systems and Services net revenues represented the remaining 20%. We sell the majority of our products and services directly through a dedicated and specialized sales force to our customers: orthodontists, GPs, including prosthodontists, periodontists, oral surgeons and dental laboratories. We also sell through sales agents and distributors in certain countries. In addition, we sell directly to dental support organizations ( DSOs ) who contract with dental practices to provide critical business management and support, including non-clinical operations. We also sell our products to dental laboratories who use our products to manufacture or customize their own products for licensed dentists. We furthermore market and sell doctor and consumer accessory products complementary to our doctor-prescribed principal products under the Invisalign and other brand names, including retainers, dental supplies, clear aligner cases (clamshells), ultrasonic and UV electronic cleaning devices, teeth whitening products and cleaning solutions (collectively, Invisalign Accessory Products ). Depending on the product, our Invisalign Accessory Products are sold through a variety of channels, including online through large e-commerce websites, our doctor portal and in-store through large retailers and pharmacy stores. Our clear aligners are sold under the Invisalign brand name. Our Invisalign System is intended mainly for the treatment of malocclusions and is designed to help dental professionals achieve the clinical outcomes they expect and the results patients desire. To date, over 22 million people worldwide have been treated with the Invisalign System. In order to provide Invisalign treatment to their patients, orthodontists and GPs must initially complete an Invisalign training course. Our iTero intraoral scanners are used by dental professionals, labs, and service providers for restorative and orthodontic digital procedures, Invisalign case submissions, and comprehensive digital dentistry diagnosis, treatment planning and treatment monitoring. Our exocad CAD/CAM software products provide restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design to dental labs and dental practices through fully integrated workflows, with the goal to provide cross-disciplinary dentistry in labs and at chairside. Our Products, Services and Technologies Align TM Digital Platform For nearly 30 years, Align has been transforming smiles and changing lives; driving innovation in digital orthodontics and dentistry, helping doctors transform their practices using digital tools and technology to deliver exceptional, modern treatment 4 experiences and outcomes to over 22 million people worldwide. The Align TM Digital Platform is the foundation of our goal to lead the digital revolution in orthodontics, restorative dentistry and comprehensive digital dentistry by delivering seamless workflows in dental practices, on mobile devices, and through remote monitoring, as well as diagnostic and treatment solutions designed to improve all aspects of assessment and treatment, from initial consultations to final smiles with our doctor-centered treatment model. The Align TM Digital Platform is an end-to-end digital platform that combines software, systems and services designed to provide a seamless experience and end-to-end workflow that integrates and connects those critical to successful treatment outcomes doctors, labs, patients and consumers. At the center of the Align TM Digital Platform are Invisalign clear aligners, iTero intraoral scanners and exocad CAD/CAM software. The Align TM Digital Platform utilizes the Align TM Digital Workflow to enable an end-to-end digital treatment experience and generate interconnected workflows and treatment solutions. The Align TM Digital Workflow includes dedicated tools and capabilities for each stage of the Invisalign treatment journey: Connect: The initial stage of the platform drives consumer demand and connects potential patients to our websites and the websites of Invisalign providers. Some of the tools that support this stage are Invisalign.com, Invisalign Doctor Locator, Invisalign SmileView TM tool, Invisalign Practice App, Invisalign Virtual Appointment and My Invisalign TM app. Scan: During this stage, patient data is captured through intraoral scanning. Doctors and their staffs use intraoral scanning tools designed to support diagnosis of a patient s oral conditions and health and support doctors to develop appropriate treatment pathways. Visualization of their potential smiles helps patients understand the benefits of treatment and increases patient conversion. The tools that support this stage include iTero intraoral scanners and exocad CAD/CAM imaging systems, Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro, iTero Element TM 5D auto-upload feature, iTero TM Near Infra-Red Imaging (NIRI) technology, iTero TM Scan Report, iTero TM TimeLapse Technology and iTero - exocad Connector TM . Diagnose : Doctors can access and use tools that support diagnosis of a patient s oral health and develop an appropriate treatment pathway. The Align TM Digital Platform facilitates the doctor-patient conversation, through education regarding clinical needs and setting expectations. Some of the tools that support this stage include Align TM Oral Health Suite, Align X-ray Insights, iTero TM intraoral scanners, including those with NIRI technology, iTero TM TimeLapse technology and iTero TM Occlusogram. Plan: Doctors digitally visualize and plan orthodontic and restorative treatments. Orthodontists and GPs can use our products to design, build and share their vision for treatment planning and agree on a customized plan with their patients to reach the desired outcomes. Some of the tools that support this stage are ClinCheck Pro Software, 3D Controls in ClinCheck Pro, ClinCheck Plan Editor, Invisalign Personalized Plan, CBCT integration for ClinCheck , and Invisalign Smile Architect . 5 Treat: During this stage, doctors treat their patients with our Invisalign clear aligners and may offer teeth whitening using the Invisalign TM Professional Whitening System. The Invisalign Palatal Expander System and the Invisalign System with mandibular advancement with occlusal blocks and enhanced precision wings, and SmartTrack material, SmartForce features and SmartStage technology are additional products that support patient treatment. Monitor: Doctors can remotely track their patients treatment between visits, and orthodontists and GPs can more easily track treatment progress and communicate issues, results and recommendations to their patients. Some of the tools that support this stage include Invisalign Progress Assessment, Invisalign Virtual Care AI and My Invisalign TM app. Retain: Following completion of their orthodontic treatment, patients can retain the final position of their teeth using Vivera TM retainers. New Products/Feature Enhancement As we further evolve the treatment planning experience for doctors through new technological research and development innovations, we expect to introduce new technologies, features and functionality that improve personalization of treatment planning, predictability, clinical preferences, and 2D/3D imaging, including digital tools for faster and more accurate final tooth positions. In 2025, we announced several new enhancements to the Align TM Digital Platform. In March 2025, we announced the addition of restorative capabilities to our iTero Lumina intraoral scanner (without iTero NIRI technology) and the new iTero Lumina Pro dental imaging system (with iTero NIRI technology). In March 2025, we also announced the launch in European Union countries and the United Kingdom of Align X-ray Insights, a new software-based (CADe*) computer aided detection solution that uses artificial intelligence ( AI ) to automatically analyze 2D radiographs. In October 2025, we announced a series of new innovations for iTero Digital Solutions, a comprehensive ecosystem that includes intraoral scanners and integrated software tools, including enhancements to the Align Oral Health Suite, Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro with ClinCheck Smile Video, and the iTero Design Suite. In December 2025, we announced limited commercial availability of the Invisalign System with mandibular advancement featuring occlusal blocks ( MAOB ), the latest clinical innovation that expands Align s Class II treatment portfolio by offering practitioners a comprehensive solution for treating growing patients with Class II malocclusions caused by mandibular retrusion. Clear Aligner Segment Malocclusion and Traditional Orthodontic Treatment Malocclusion is one of the most prevalent clinical dental conditions in the world, affecting approximately 60% to 75% of the global population. We estimate that there are approximately 600 million people globally with malocclusion who could benefit from straightening their teeth. However, most people afflicted by malocclusion do not seek orthodontic treatment for various reasons, including negative perceptions of traditional wires and brackets, affordability of treatment, and accessibility to doctors. Annually, only approximately 22 million people globally elect treatment by orthodontists. Today, most orthodontic patients continue to have their malocclusions treated with the use of traditional corrective methods such as metal arch wires and brackets, referred to as braces, augmented with elastics, metal expanders, headgear or functional appliances, and other ancillary devices as needed. Upon completion of a patient s treatment, their dental professional may recommend the patient use a retainer appliance to preserve the benefits of their treatment. Of the 22 million cases started each year, we estimate that almost all can be treated using our Invisalign System, yet we estimate our share of the 22 million case starts through orthodontists is approximately 10% globally. Our business strategy remains focused on increasing our share of the existing market of orthodontic case starts compared to wires and brackets, especially among teens, and expand the market for digital orthodontics, especially among adults. By training more doctors, including GPs as well as orthodontists, increasing utilization of existing doctors using our products, educating more consumers about the benefits of straighter teeth using the Invisalign System and connecting consumers with an Invisalign-trained doctor of their choice, we are helping drive adoption of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry globally. The Invisalign System 6 The Invisalign System is a proprietary method for treating malocclusion based on a proprietary computer-simulated virtual treatment plan and a series of doctor-prescribed, custom manufactured, clear polymer removable aligners. We received 510(k) clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to market the Invisalign System in 1998. The Invisalign System offers a range of treatment options, specialized services and access to proprietary software for treatment visualization and is comprised of the following phases: Diagnosis and transmission of treatment data . As part of the Align Digital Workflow, we have developed solutions to enable doctor diagnosis and drive patient adoption providing tools to support diagnosis of a patient s oral health and support to identify an appropriate treatment pathway, facilitating the doctor-patient conversation, education and clinical needs and expectations. An Invisalign trained dental professional prepares an online prescription form on our Invisalign Doctor Site and securely submits the patient s records, which include a digital intraoral scan or a polyvinyl-siloxane ( PVS ) impression of the relevant dental arches, photographs of the patient and, at the dental professional s election, x-rays of the patient s dentition. Intraoral digital scans may be submitted through Align s iTero scanner or certain third-party scanners capable of accurately interfacing with our systems and processes. Globally, more than 95% of Invisalign System prescription orders are now submitted via digital scan, increasing the accuracy of treatment plans, reducing the time from when the doctor submits the prescription to the time the patient receives the clear aligners, and helping to decrease the carbon footprint resulting from elimination of the initial or upfront shipment of the patient s PVS impressions to the doctors and shipping those PVS impressions back to us. Computer-simulated treatment plan . Our ClinCheck treatment planning software is the cornerstone of the Align TM Digital Platform. ClinCheck Pro treatment planning software uses proprietary algorithms based on the insights from data from our over 22 million patients treated worldwide. Using the digital scans or PVS impressions, certain doctor preferences and digital data provided, we generate a proposed custom, three-dimensional treatment plan, called a ClinCheck treatment plan, using proprietary software developed through significant, ongoing research and development investments spanning more than two decades. A patient s ClinCheck treatment plan simulates desired tooth movement in stages and details the timing and placement of any features or attachments to be used during treatment. Attachments are tooth-colored shapes that are sometimes used to increase the biomechanical force on a specific tooth or teeth in order to affect the desired movement(s). Review and approval of the treatment plan by an Invisalign-trained doctor. The patient s ClinCheck treatment plan is then made available to the prescribing dental professional via our Invisalign Doctor Site, enabling the dental professional to evaluate projected tooth movement from initial to final position and compare, modify or choose from multiple treatment plan options to best meet the dental professional s treatment objectives. By reviewing, modifying as needed and approving the treatment plan, the dental professional retains control of the patient s treatment. Manufacture of custom clear aligners. Following the dental professional s approval of a ClinCheck treatment plan, we use the data underlying the simulation as input for stereolithography technology (a form of 3D printing technology) to construct a series of molds. Each mold is a replica of the patient s teeth at each stage of the simulated course of treatment. From these molds, clear aligners are fabricated by pressure-forming polymeric sheets over each mold. Clear aligners are thin, clear polymer, removable dental appliances that are custom manufactured in a series designed to correspond to each stage of the patient s ClinCheck treatment plan. Shipment to the dental professional and patient clear aligner wear. Once manufactured, all the clear aligners for a patient s doctor-approved treatment plan are typically shipped directly to the dental professional. The majority of doctors then dispense all of the clear aligners to the patient. Clear aligners are generally worn for one week or for a short period of time corresponding to the stages of the patient s approved ClinCheck treatment plan and their doctor s discretion. The patient replaces their current set of clear aligners with the next set in the series when prescribed, advancing tooth movement through each stage. At various points in each patient s treatment, their doctor may place attachments or use other auxiliaries to achieve desired tooth movements, per the doctor s original prescription and the approved ClinCheck treatment plan. Clear Aligner Products We offer our Invisalign System in a variety of treatment packages designed to correspond with the case-by-case treatment needs of our doctors and their patients and any nonclinical requirements. The table below provides a general description of the categories of products in our Invisalign System offered in various regions as they typically correspond to the severity of malocclusion and length of anticipated treatment. 7 Malocclusion Very Mild to Mild Mild to Moderate Moderate to Severe Product Invisalign Express Package Invisalign Lite Package Invisalign Go Package Limited Movement (GP) Invisalign Moderate Package Invisalign Comprehensive Packages Treatment Stages* 7 14 20 20-26 As many as required Clinical Scope Relapse and minor movement, anterior esthetic alignment Class I, mild crowding/spacing, non-extraction, pre-restorative Class I, no AP correction, mild to moderate crowding/spacing, non-extraction, pre-restorative. Tooth movement from second pre-molar to second pre-molar (5x5) Class I, mild Class II, mild to moderate crowding/spacing, mild AP and vertical discrepancies, pre-restorative Class I, II, III, moderate to severe crowding/spacing, AP and vertical discrepancies, extractions, complex pre-restorative * The number of stages can vary by product and region. Most of our Invisalign System products described above provide dental professionals with the option to order additional clear aligners if the patient s treatment progress or needs deviate from the original treatment plan. The number and timing of additional clear aligner orders are subject to certain requirements noted in our terms and conditions. In certain regions, we offer streamlined configurations with limited or no additional aligners, including the option to separately purchase additional aligners under applicable terms, and we anticipate offering these configurations in additional markets over time. Comprehensive Products - Invisalign Treatment Options Invisalign Comprehensive Packages . Invisalign Comprehensive Packages are used to treat adults and teens over a wide spectrum of mild to severe malocclusion and contains a broad variety of features to achieve desired treatment goals. They also address the frequently complex orthodontic needs of teenage or younger patients with advanced features such as mandibular advancement, compliance indicators and compensation for tooth eruption. These packages include Invisalign Comprehensive, Invisalign First TM Phase 1 and Invisalign First TM Comprehensive Phase 2. Invisalign First Phase 1 and Invisalign First Comprehensive Phase 2 Packages . Invisalign First Phase 1 Package is designed specifically for younger patients generally between the ages of six and ten, who frequently have a mixture of primary/baby and permanent teeth. Invisalign First Phase 1 treatment provides early interceptive orthodontic treatment, traditionally done through arch expansion, or partial metal braces, before all permanent teeth have erupted. Invisalign First Phase 1 clear aligners are designed specifically to address a wide range of younger patients malocclusions, including shorter clinical crowns, management of erupting dentition and predictable dental arch expansion. Our Invisalign First Comprehensive Phase 2 Package complements Invisalign First Phase 1 and is generally consistent with our Invisalign Comprehensive Package. After a patient completes Invisalign First Phase 1, doctors have the option to purchase a Comprehensive Phase 2 Package for that same patient. Invisalign Comprehensive 3in3 Package . The 3in3 configuration offers doctors Invisalign Comprehensive treatment with a three-year treatment expiration date and three sets of additional clear aligners included prior to the treatment expiration date, rather than the five-year treatment expiration date with unlimited additional clear aligner sets prior to the treatment end date offered under the Invisalign Comprehensive Package. Invisalign System With Mandibular Advancement Featuring Occlusal Blocks for Class II Skeletal and Dental Correction. The Invisalign System with mandibular advancement featuring occlusal blocks expands our Class II treatment portfolio by offering practitioners a comprehensive solution for treating growing patients with late mixed or early permanent dentition (ages 10-16) with Class II malocclusions caused by mandibular retrusion. Class II malocclusion is one of the most common orthodontic problems, characterized by a discrepancy in jaw alignment where the lower jaw (mandible) is positioned too far back relative to the upper jaw (maxilla) and represents approximately 30%-45% of malocclusions globally. By leveraging the natural growth potential during pre-adolescence and adolescence, the Invisalign System with mandibular advancement featuring occlusal blocks facilitates effective correction of Class II malocclusions, helping to improve occlusal relationships, enhance facial aesthetics, and provides long-term functional benefits. 8 Non-Comprehensive Products - Invisalign Treatment Options Invisalign Non-comprehensive Packages. We offer a variety of lower-priced treatment packages for less complex orthodontic cases, non-comprehensive relapse cases, or teeth straightening prior to restorative or cosmetic treatments, such as veneers. These treatment packages include Invisalign Express, Invisalign Lite, and Invisalign Moderate. These packages may be offered in select countries and/or may differ from region to region. Invisalign Doctor Subscription Program ( DSP ) is our monthly subscription-based clear aligner program which includes retainers and low-stage touch-up clear aligner treatment. DSP is currently available in North America, Latin America, and certain countries in Europe. Invisalign Go Packages. In various markets we also offer Invisalign Go TM , Invisalign Go TM Express and Invisalign Go TM Plus, which are streamlined non-comprehensive packages designed for GPs to more easily identify and treat patients with mild-to-moderate malocclusion cases, expand arch width, align anterior teeth prior to restorative treatment, and move teeth from second pre-molar to second pre-molar. These packages include case assessment support, simplified ClinCheck treatment plans and a progress assessment feature for case monitoring. Invisalign Palatal Expander System. In December 2023, we received 510(k) clearance in the United States for the Invisalign Palatal Expander System, a direct 3D printed orthodontic appliance design based on proprietary and patented technology. Invisalign Palatal Expanders are intended for use in rapid expansion and subsequent holding of skeletal and/or dental narrow maxilla (upper jaw, dental arch and teeth, palate) with primary, mixed, or permanent dentition during orthodontic or orthopedic treatment in children or adolescents. In adults, it is designed to be used in conjunction with surgery or other interventions when necessary. The Invisalign Palatal Expander System consists of a series of removable devices staged in small increments of movement to expand a patient s narrow maxilla to a position determined by their treating doctor. Each direct 3D printed device is customized to the patient s unique anatomy based on an iTero intraoral digital scan. A palatal expansion treatment plan and device design are then developed using our proprietary orthodontic software. The Invisalign Palatal Expander is our first direct 3D printed orthodontic device that provides doctors with a solution set to treat the most common skeletal and dental malocclusions in growing children. Together with Invisalign First clear aligners, Invisalign Palatal Expanders can address early intervention treatment, such as Phase 1, an early interceptive orthodontic treatment for young patients. The Invisalign Palatal Expander System is currently available in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam, Japan, Thailand, India and certain countries in EMEA. The Invisalign Palatal Expander System is expected to be commercially available in additional markets, pending regulatory approvals. Non-Case Products The Comprehensive and Non-Comprehensive clear aligner packages described above are distributed in cases, meaning that all the sets of clear aligners required for all the stages of a doctor-approved treatment plan are delivered in a case. We also sell non-case products. Clear aligner non-case products include retention products, Invisalign training, adjusting tools used by dental professionals during the course of treatment, ancillary Invisalign Accessory Products and other oral health products available in certain e-commerce and retail channels in the United States. Vivera Retainers for Retention . We offer up to four sets of Vivera retainers, which are custom clear aligners made with proprietary material strong enough to maintain tooth position and correct minor relapse, if necessary, as well as Invisalign retainers. Retainers are generally available for doctors to offer to any of their patients, whether they use the Invisalign System or other products, including wires and brackets. In select markets, we also offer single set retainers. Invisalign Professional Whitening System. The Invisalign Professional Whitening System, powered by Opalescence , is the only professional teeth whitening system approved by Align for combined use with Invisalign aligners and Vivera retainers. Direct Fabrication In January 2024, we completed the acquisition of Cubicure GmbH ( Cubicure ), a company that develops, produces and distributes proprietary direct 3D printing technologies that enable us to efficiently and sustainably manufacture our devices without the added step of first creating a mold. We believe Cubicure provides direct fabrication capabilities that will support and scale our strategic innovation roadmap and strengthen the Align Digital Platform by enabling us to scale our 3D printing operations to eventually print millions of custom devices per day. We expect this technology will ultimately extend and scale our printing, materials and manufacturing capabilities for our 3D printed product portfolio while concurrently materially reducing the amount of resin used in our manufacturing process. Direct fabrication offers the transformative potential of design flexibility that goes beyond what the current thermoforming technology allows. This will potentially allow us to design unique appliances that may perform even better than existing appliances and address unmet market needs. We have begun limited 9 manufacturing of certain appliances already, and expect to pilot additional devices, including retainers and certain pre-fab attachments, in limited releases in 2026. Smart Technology: SmartTrack TM , SmartForce TM and SmartStage TM Smart technology is applied in the development of Invisalign treatments and leads to more precise control of individual and multiple tooth movements. We use a force driven system in our Invisalign clear aligners such that the next clear aligner is shaped so that when inserted, the clear aligner stretches and applies the desired force to the surface of the tooth, resulting in the desired tooth movement. Smart technology allows us to find the right thickness, the right elasticity, and the right force application over a period of time. Smart technology includes the use of SmartTrack, SmartForce and SmartStage Technology. SmartTrack Material . SmartTrack clear aligner material is a patented, custom-engineered Invisalign clear aligner material that provides gentle, more constant force to improve control of tooth movements. Conventional clear aligner materials relax and lose a substantial percentage of the force applied in the initial days of wear. SmartTrack material maintains more constant force over a longer period of time. The flexible SmartTrack material also more precisely conforms to tooth morphology, attachments and interproximal spaces to improve control of tooth movement throughout treatment. SmartForce Attachments . SmartForce attachments are small tooth-colored shapes that attach to teeth before or during Invisalign treatment. Invisalign clear aligners fit smoothly and tightly around the attachments and give the clear aligners something to gently push on. SmartForce attachments make complex tooth movements possible without braces by helping clear aligners apply the right amount of force in the right direction. SmartStage Technology . SmartStage is an advanced algorithm that determines the optimal path of tooth movement and the shape of the clear aligner at every stage of an Invisalign treatment. The programming determines tooth movement in a certain sequence, at the right time to achieve optimal outcomes with greater predictability and fewer undesirable interferences. Systems and Services Segment Intraoral scanning is a rapidly evolving technology substantially impacting the practice of dentistry. By enabling the dental practitioner to create a 3D image (digital scan) of a patient s teeth using a handheld intraoral scanner, digital scanning is faster, more efficient, precise and comfortable for patients. Beginning patient care with the early use of our iTero intraoral scanners and combining the results with digital workflows designed to assist doctors and patients visualize and evaluate various treatment options with detailed imagery and CAD/CAM solutions helps patients decide to undergo treatment and improve treatment outcomes and satisfaction. The accuracy of digitally scanned models substantially reduces the rate of restoration remakes, which results in patients being recalled to dental offices less often and experiencing shorter treatment times for the restoration work because fewer procedures are required after teeth are aligned and spaced optimally, increasing overall patient satisfaction. Digital models also reduce the carbon footprint associated with the shipping of the materials used to create PVS impressions, the shipping of those impressions and their disposal. Moreover, the digital model file can be used for various procedures and services including fabrication of physical dental models for use by labs to create restorative units such as veneers, inlays, onlays, crowns, bridges and implant abutments; digital records storage; aid to caries detection; orthodontic diagnosis; orthodontic retainers and appliances; and Invisalign digital impression submission. iTero Element Scanner. The iTero Element portfolio of intraoral scanners includes the iTero Element 2, the iTero Element Flex, iTero Element 5D imaging system, iTero Element Plus Series and the iTero Lumina which are each available in select regions and countries. These products build on the existing high precision, full-color imaging and fast scan times of the iTero Element portfolio and are available with software options for orthodontic and restorative procedures. The iTero scanner is interoperable with our Invisalign system such that a full arch or full mouth digital scan can be submitted as part of the Invisalign system prescription order submission process. Our iTero Element 5D imaging system is the first integrated dental imaging system that simultaneously records 3D, intraoral color camera images, NIRI technology and enables comparison over time using the iTero TimeLapse technology. NIRI technology, included in our iTero Element 5D and 5D Plus imaging systems, aids in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries above the gingiva in real time, without using harmful radiation. The iTero Element 5D imaging system is available in the United States, Canada, China, and the majority of EMEA and select APAC and LATAM countries and is pending regulatory approval in others. The findings of a clinical study we sponsored were published in the peer-reviewed Journal of Dentistry which demonstrated that the NIRI technology of the iTero Element 5D imaging system was 66% more sensitive than bitewing x-ray radiography for detection of interproximal lesions, without the use of harmful radiation. We received 510(k) clearance in the United States for the caries detection feature of the iTero Element 5D imaging system in 2020. The iTero Element Plus Series of intraoral scanners and imaging systems offers restorative and orthodontic digital workflows that include enhanced visualization for optimized patient experience, including a fully integrated 3D intraoral camera in certain 10 models, seamless scanning with reduced processing time, artificial intelligence ( AI )-based features, and, in certain models, NIRI technology. Our iTero Element scanners are offered in a number of software configurations such as Ortho Comprehensive, Restorative Comprehensive and Restorative Foundation. These software packages are included in the price of the scanner and have a service period of 1 to 5 years. They enable various orthodontic and restorative workflows as well as provide other applications, including Invisalign Outcome Simulator, Invisalign Case Assessment tool, Invisalign Progress Assessment tool, and iTero TimeLapse technology. Our iTero software is designed for orthodontists for digital records storage, orthodontic diagnosis, and for the fabrication of printed models and retainers. Our restorative software is designed for GPs, prosthodontists, periodontists and oral surgeons and includes restorative workflows providing the ability to send digital impressions to the lab of their choice and communicate seamlessly with external treatment planning, custom implant abutment, chairside milling and laboratory CAD/CAM systems such as through our iTero-exocad Connector TM . Invisalign Progress Assessment Tool. The Invisalign Progress Assessment tool provides the ability to compare a patient s new scan with a specific stage of their ClinCheck treatment plan, allowing doctors to visually assess and communicate Invisalign treatment progress with an easy-to-read, color-coded, tooth movement report. iTero TM TimeLapse Technology . Our iTero TM TimeLapse technology allows doctors or practitioners to compare a patient s historic 3D scans to the present-day scan, enabling clinicians to identify and measure orthodontic movement, tooth wear, and gingival recession. This highlights areas of diagnostic interest to dental professionals and helps foster a proactive conversation with the patient regarding potential restorative or orthodontic solutions. iTero Lumina Intraoral Scanner and iTero Lumina Pro Dental Imaging System In January 2024, we launched the iTero Lumina intraoral scanner. The iTero Lumina intraoral scanner is designed with iTero Multi-Direct Capture TM technology that captures more data quickly and accurately while delivering exceptional scan quality and photorealistic images that remove the need for intraoral photos. iTero Multi-Direct Capture replaces the confocal imaging technology in earlier intraoral scanner models. It has a wider field of capture and multi-angled scanning that enables simultaneous capture from multiple angles. Additionally, the iTero Lumina scanner has a capture distance of up to 25mm, making it easier to scan complex oral regions such as narrow or deep palates, edentulous spaces, and partially erupted teeth with minimal maneuvering. It has a 50% smaller and 45% lighter wand (as compared to iTero Element 5D imaging system wand, excluding the wand cable), which is expected to be especially beneficial for kids and teen patients. The iTero Lumina scanner has photorealistic scans that are clinically comparable to intra-oral photography and its advanced software enables scanning at two times the speed. In March 2025, we announced the addition of restorative capabilities to our next generation iTero Lumina intraoral scanner (without iTero NIRI technology) and the new iTero Lumina Pro dental imaging system (with NIRI technology) to enable efficient restorative and multidisciplinary ortho-restorative workflows and support diagnostic of interproximal caries above the gingiva, helping GPs reach new levels of practice efficiency and growth while delivering exceptional clinical outcomes. Since October 2025, our portfolio of intraoral scanners have included a PC configuration (desktop and laptop) that extends the performance found in the cart and mobile configurations into a compact and adaptable format that integrates easily into existing practices. The enhanced capabilities of the iTero Lumina solutions provide an improved scanning experience and performance, optimal for the simplest to the most challenging restorative cases. These capabilities are complemented by simplified restorative workflows that include the capture of single unit dental crowns to full dental arch with multiple preparations in a single pass, with a wave of an iTero Lumina wand. iTero Digital Solutions In October 2025, we announced a series of new product innovations for iTero Digital Solutions, a comprehensive ecosystem that includes intraoral scanners and integrated software tools designed to transform dental consultations into a modern, multi-modal oral health assessment that helps doctors and their teams deliver exceptional chairside experiences. These new capabilities span across key practice workflows that underline the Align Digital Workflow including Diagnose, Plan, Treat, and Monitor steps. From dynamic and personalized visualization and patient engagement tools at chairside, to expanded compatibility with 3D printers and milling machines, these new innovations are designed to simplify workflows, increase patient acceptance, and drive practice growth. 11 Align TM Oral Health Suite . The Align Oral Health Suite is designed to be an intuitive and visually engaging digital interface intended to enhance patient-driven interest and engagement with iTero Element Plus and iTero Lumina scan images to help drive doctor-patient conversations about treatment options earlier in the patient journey. The all-in-one chairside consultation can help patients see their oral health conditions, discuss potential root causes with their doctors and evaluate treatment options. Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro . Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro is a patient communication tool on iTero Element Plus Series and iTero Lumina imaging systems, that generates highly realistic, simulated in-face visualizations of a patient s potential future smile after an orthodontic or ortho-restorative treatment. Invisalign Outcome Simulation Pro with multi treatment simulations offers two types of simulations chairside: Invisalign for ortho-only, and Invisalign Smile Architect for ortho-restorative. The new Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro with Smile Video offers dynamic in-face visualization at chairside designed to improve patient conversion. iTero Design Suite . iTero Design Suite offers doctors and dental staff a simple and intuitive digital chairside design workflow for 3D printing and milling of models, bite splints, mock-ups, and restorations to enable single-visit dentistry and better patient experiences. It includes comprehensive printing and milling compatibility, a new mock-up workflow that drives patient engagement and treatment acceptance, and the integration of iTero NIRI and HD intraoral images into the Suite to help trace the margin line and support detailed restoration design. CAD/CAM Service s. Our exocad CAD/CAM software platform addresses restorative needs in an end-to-end digital platform workflow to facilitate ortho-restorative and comprehensive dentistry. The platform provides doctors and dental labs with digital clinical solutions that aid GPs and dental labs in planning and delivering restorative dental treatments, adding restorative functionality to our comprehensive digital platform to deliver digital ortho-restorative workflows and interdisciplinary dentistry. Our exocad software is licensed and sold separately. Other proprietary software mentioned in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, such as software embedded in our iTero intraoral scanners, ClinCheck and ClinCheck Pro software, the Invisalign Doctor Site, Align X-Ray Insights and feature enhancements included as part of the Invisalign System are not sold separately, nor do they contribute as individual items to revenues. Business Strategy Over the past 28 years, Align has helped doctors treat over 22 million patients with the Invisalign System and is driving the evolution in digital dentistry through the Align TM Digital Platform. Our technology and innovations are designed to meet the demands of today s patients with advanced technologies improving doctors diagnostic capabilities along with treatment options that are effective, convenient, comfortable and affordable to improve overall oral health. We strive to help doctors and lab technicians move their businesses forward by connecting them with new patients, providing digital solutions that increase operational speed and efficiency and provide solutions that allow them to deliver exceptional treatment outcomes and experiences to millions of people around the world. We achieve this by focusing on and executing our strategic growth drivers: International Expansion. We continue growing our global presence by increasing awareness of our products and making them available in more countries to more customers and consumers. We continue expansion of our sales and marketing by reaching into new countries and regions, including new areas in Africa, Asia and Latin America. As of the end of 2025, we are selling directly or through authorized distributors in more than 100 countries. We support our growth through targeted investments in clinical support, product improvements, technological innovations, clinical education and advertising. In addition, we are scaling and expanding our operations and facilities to better support the growing numbers of global customers. As of the end of 2025, we have 11 fabrication and treatment planning locations throughout the world. We have a manufacturing facility in each of our three key regions: Americas (Mexico), APAC (China), and EMEA (Poland). Each of these facilities form the foundation of our manufacturing strategy, which continues to evolve to increase flexibility and optimize our capacity and cost structure. We also perform digital treatment planning and interpretation for restorative cases worldwide, including in Costa Rica, China, Germany, Spain, Poland, and Japan, among others. By establishing and expanding our key operational activities in locations closer to our customers, we are creating an infrastructure that allows us to be responsive to local and regional needs, while providing global operational flexibility and scale needed for variations in global and regional demand. We expect to continue expanding our business by investing in resources, infrastructure and initiatives that help drive Invisalign treatment growth, position our iTero intraoral scanners as the preferred scanning technology for digital dental scans, and establish our exocad CAD/CAM software as the solution of choice for dental labs in existing and new markets. 12 GP Dentist Treatment . We strive to enable GPs, who treat the general patient population, to more easily identify potential cases they can treat with the Invisalign System, monitor patient progress or, if needed, help refer cases to orthodontists while providing high-quality restorative, orthodontic and dental hygiene care. We believe success with GPs can be achieved through doctor training and clinical education, by offering digital tools such as the iTero intraoral scanner and products like Invisalign Go treatment that address the distinctive needs of GP patients, all delivered by sales and marketing personnel specifically focused on the unique needs of this customer category. We encourage GPs to scan every patient with intraoral scanners as a means to diagnose and treat patients over time and as an opportunity to drive future demand for their services and the Invisalign System. DSOs represent a large and growing opportunity to help drive adoption of digital technology across the dental industry. We have well established relationships with many DSOs globally that recognize the benefits of digital workflows enabled by our portfolio of products and services that make up the Align TM Digital Platform, including increased practice efficiency and profitability, as well as delivering a better patient experience from shorter cycle times and customer proximity. We have and may continue to financially invest in or explore collaborations with key ecosystem partners, including DSOs, whose missions and visions align with our vision, strategy, business model and goals. Patient Demand. Our goal is to make the Invisalign brand a highly recognized name brand worldwide by creating awareness for Invisalign treatment among consumers and motivating the potential 600 million patients who can benefit from treatment of malocclusion to seek treatment using the Invisalign System. We accomplish this through an integrated consumer marketing strategy that includes television, media, social networking and event marketing and strategic alliances with professional sports teams, as well as educating patients on treatment options and directing them to high volume Invisalign trained doctors. To further drive consumer awareness, we continue to offer additional dental-related Invisalign Accessory Products under the Invisalign brand name available in certain e-commerce channels in the United States. The initial stage of the Align TM Digital Platform drives consumer demand and connects potential patients to our websites and the websites of Invisalign providers. Some of the tools that support this stage are Invisalign.com, Doctor Locator, Invisalign SmileView TM tool, Invisalign Practice App, Invisalign Virtual Appointment and My Invisalign TM app. The Align TM Digital Platform also facilitates the doctor-patient conversation, through education regarding clinical needs and setting expectations. Further to our commitment to diagnostic innovation and our ongoing efforts to expand our digital platform, we launched the Align Oral Health Suite in 2025, which integrates iTero diagnostic aid and visualization tools, and broadens the holistic approach we offer to GP dentists and orthodontists to support earlier patient interaction for diverse treatment options in oral health, restorative and aesthetic dentistry. Orthodontic Utilization. We continue to innovate and increase product applicability and predictability to address a wide range of cases, from simple to complex, thereby enabling doctors to confidently diagnose and treat children and adults with the Invisalign System. This is especially important to treating teenage patients who make up the largest portion of the 22 million annual orthodontic case starts. We also continue to make improvements to our Invisalign treatment software, ClinCheck Pro, designed to deliver an exceptional user experience and increase treatment control to help doctors achieve their treatment goals. In combination with the new Invisalign System innovations that are part of the Align TM Digital Platform, we are enhancing the digital treatment planning experience for orthodontics by providing doctors with greater flexibility, consistency of treatment preferences and real-time treatment plan access and modification capabilities. Manufacturing and Suppliers We have regional fabrication facilities in our main markets for clear aligners, which are located in Juarez, Mexico; Ziyang, China; and Wroclaw, Poland. We believe this allows us to better serve our global customer base by being closer to our customers and driving efficiencies in the business. We produce our handheld intraoral scanner wand, perform final scanner assembly and repair our scanners at our facilities in Ziyang, China and Petah Tikva, Israel and also perform final scanner assembly in Blonie, Poland and Juarez, Mexico; as well as service and repair certain scanners in Juarez, Mexico. We also perform digital treatment planning and interpretation for restorative cases based on digital scans generated by our iTero intraoral scanners. Our digital treatment planning facilities are located worldwide, including in Costa Rica, China, Germany, Spain, Poland and Japan, among other international locations. Our quality system is required to be in compliance with the Quality System regulations enforced by the FDA, and similar regulations of other worldwide regulatory authorities. We are certified to ISO 13485:2016, an internationally recognized standard for medical device quality. We are routinely audited by third-party certification bodies as well as global health authorities for compliance to this standard and other international regulations. We maintain a formal, documented quality system by which quality objectives are defined, understood and achieved. Systems, processes and procedures are implemented to ensure high levels of product and service quality. We monitor the effectiveness of the quality system based on internal data 13 and direct customer feedback and strive to continually improve our systems and processes, taking corrective action, as needed. Since the mass-customized treatment planning and manufacturing processes of our products require substantial and varied technical expertise, we believe our manufacturing capacity and capabilities are important to our success. In order to produce our highly-customized, highly-precise, medical quality products in volume, we have developed a number of proprietary processes and technologies. These include complex software algorithms and solutions, including AI and machine-learning based CAD/CAM software, vision systems, CT scanning, stereolithography and automated custom clear aligner fabrication equipment. To increase the efficiency and yield of our manufacturing processes, we continue to focus our efforts on software development, equipment development and the improvement of rate-limiting processes or bottlenecks. In addition, we have invested in developing technologies that allow us to directly print the devices to improve and streamline the processes as well as the performance of devices. We continuously upgrade our proprietary, three-dimensional treatment planning software to enhance computer analysis of treatment data and reduce time spent on manual and judgmental tasks for each case, thereby increasing the efficiency of our technicians. Moreover, to improve efficiency and increase the scale of our operations, we continue to invest in the development of automated systems for the fabrication and packaging of clear aligners. In addition, predictable and consistent production is essential to timely deliver products to our customers efficiently and profitably. Our production can be disrupted by such things as supply chain and shipping issues, production manufacturing software system issues, quality and safety issues, and production equipment downtime. Accordingly, as we have grown our operations, we have included flexibility and resiliency in our overall manufacturing design to mitigate against risks of production downtime. Our manufacturing facilities include backup generators and systems and each facility has an emergency response plan that is part of ongoing employee training and testing through recurring cross functional scenario-based simulation exercises. Likewise, having manufacturing facilities in key regions provides greater flexibility and capacity to adjust and redirect production as needed. As part of our manufacturing resiliency design efforts, we have also considered climate change related risks such as higher average global temperatures, rising sea levels and more frequent and severe wildfires, hurricanes, floods, storms, heat waves and other events and natural disasters (collectively, climate-related risks ). We view climate-related risks to be one of many operational challenges we face and factor them into our business continuity planning and strategic risk mitigation efforts. For instance, our manufacturing plants and operations may be impacted by extreme temperatures and weather, subjecting us to potential brownouts and blackouts, increased energy costs and capital investments needed to maintain ideal operating temperatures. Our manufacturing facility in Juarez, Mexico is located in an area classified as high-water stress and our operations could be impacted by water shortages, rationing and droughts. Our California, Costa Rica, Mexico and North Carolina operations are located in areas that have historically been impacted by extreme weather events such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires or flooding. In part to help mitigate risks to our manufacturing operations, we have strategically located our clear aligner production facilities on three different continents. This allows us to both respond more quickly to customer demand while also offering redundancy in the event natural disasters or climate-related events affect operations at one or more facilities. Moreover, each of our key clear aligner manufacturing facilities are located at elevations less likely to be impacted by rising sea levels and at least two hundred miles inland. Moreover, we are highly dependent on manufacturers of specialized scanning equipment, rapid prototyping machines, resin and other advanced materials for our clear aligners, as well as the optics, electronic and other mechanical components of our intraoral scanners. We maintain single or sole source supplier relationships for many of these machines and materials technologies. In particular, our CT scanning and stereolithography equipment used in our clear aligner manufacturing and many of the critical components for the optics of our intraoral scanners are provided by single or sole source suppliers. We also currently purchase our resin and polymer, the primary raw materials used in our manufacturing process for clear aligners, from a single source. A discussion of the risks of our supply and manufacturing operations, including foreign operations, may be found in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors . Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing efforts are focused on increasing adoption and utilization of the Invisalign System and Vivera retainers by orthodontists and GPs and integrating the iTero scanner and services and exocad CAD/CAM products into dental labs and practices. The iTero scanner is an important component to the customer experience and is central to a digital approach as well as overall customer utilization of Invisalign clear aligners. In each region, we have direct sales, marketing and support organizations, which include quota carrying sales representatives, sales management and sales administration. We also have distribution partners in certain markets. Our sales and marketing personnel are organized primarily to support orthodontists and GPs, allowing highly trained and specialized personnel to serve each customer channel, thereby increasing our focus and 14 effectiveness on both. We continue to expand in existing markets through targeted investments in sales resources, professional marketing and education programs. Additionally, our consumer marketing programs are designed to create awareness and educate consumers on the benefits of Invisalign treatment and Vivera retainers, including where they can find trained doctors to provide treatment. We provide training, marketing and clinical support to orthodontists and GPs. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 130,015 active Invisalign-trained doctors. We define doctors as active if they have submitted at least one Invisalign case in the prior 12-month period. To drive further adoption by additional doctors and increase utilization by existing doctors, we are, among other things, continuing to move key operations closer to our customers, simplifying our Advantage rebate program, launching new offerings, expanding our zero AA configuration, aligning our sales teams to market demographics, and deepening our commitment to consumer marketing. Research and Development We are committed to investing in world-class digital and clinical technology development, which we believe is critical to achieving our goal of establishing the Invisalign System as the standard method for treating malocclusion, our iTero intraoral scanners as the preferred scanning technology for digital dental scans, and our exocad CAD/CAM software as the solution of choice for dental labs. Our research and development activities are directed toward developing digital technology innovations we believe will deliver our next generation of products and solutions as part of the Align TM Digital Platform. These activities range from accelerating product and clinical innovation, to developing treatment planning and manufacturing process improvements, to researching future technologies, products and software. The treatment capabilities of the Invisalign System have been demonstrated by more than 800 peer-reviewed publications and various clinical case studies and articles have been published that highlight the clinical applicability of Invisalign treatment as a means to effectively treat a broad spectrum of malocclusions across permanent and mixed dentitions, including addressing malocclusions of severe complexity. Similarly, various studies have been published demonstrating the capabilities of our iTero Lumina solutions, including advanced features such as our NIRI technology, and we have conducted internal clinical validation research supporting the conclusion that iTero Lumina photorealistic scans are clinically comparable to intra-oral photography. We undertake pre-commercialization trials and testing of our technological improvements to our products and manufacturing process. In September 2025, we launched an enhanced clinical evidence webpage containing an expansive library of peer-reviewed clinical research publications and the Align Global Gallery , a searchable database of more than 1,500 real-world Invisalign treatment cases by doctors from around the world. We furthermore fund research in the field of orthodontics and dentistry through initiatives such as our Annual Research Award Program, which was in its 16th year in 2025 and donations to the American Association of Orthodontists Foundation. Intellectual Property We believe our intellectual property portfolio represents a substantial business advantage. As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,137 active U.S. patents, 1,147 active foreign patents, and 1,070 pending global patent applications. Our active U.S. patents expire between 2026 and 2044. When patents expire, we lose the protection and competitive advantages they provide, which could negatively impact our operating results; however, as we continue to pursue new innovations, we seek intellectual property protection for new inventions and know-how through U.S. and foreign patent applications and non-disclosure agreements. We also seek to protect our software, documentation and other written materials under trade secret and copyright laws. We furthermore have a broad and diverse trademark portfolio that we use to highlight and protect universally recognized brands. Information regarding risks associated with our proprietary technology and our intellectual property rights may be found in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors. Seasonal Fluctuations General economic conditions impact our business and financial results, and we have historically experienced seasonal trends within our two operating segments, customer channels and geographic locations we serve. Sales of the Invisalign System are often weaker in Europe, especially southern European countries during the summer months and seasonally higher in China during the third quarter. Similarly, other international holidays like Lunar New Year can impact our sales in APAC in the first quarter. In North America, summer is typically the busiest season for orthodontists that have a high percentage of adolescent and teenage patients as many parents start their children in treatment before the school year begins. Conversely, many GPs are on vacation during this time and therefore tend to start fewer cases. For our Systems and Services segment, capital equipment sales are often stronger in the fourth calendar quarter. However, many of these typical seasonal patterns have been impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates, military conflicts, inflation, trade policies and other macroeconomic challenges. It remains 15 unclear when or the extent to which these seasonal fluctuations will return to historical norms. Consequently, seasonal trends have and may continue to cause fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates. Competition Our clear aligner products compete directly against traditional orthodontic treatments that use wires and brackets and increasingly against clear aligner products manufactured and distributed by various companies, both within and outside the United States. Although the number of competitors varies by segment, product, geography and customer, they include new and well-established regional competitors in certain foreign markets, as well as larger companies, divisions of larger companies or well-capitalized new entrants with substantial sales, marketing, research and financial capabilities at cost-effective rates. We also compete with direct-to-consumer ( DTC ) companies that provide clear aligners directly to consumers requiring little or no in-office care from doctors and also from doctors who manufacture retainers and custom clear aligners using 3D printing technology. Additionally, we face competition in the rapidly evolving markets for intraoral scanners and software solutions, including CAD/CAM. The global intraoral scanner market is very dynamic with participants spanning from traditional dental conglomerates to companies dedicated primarily to scanner development and sales with new entrants playing larger roles. The iTero intraoral scanner also competes with traditional PVS impressions that doctors use for clear aligner therapy or other dental procedures, as well as other intraoral scanners. It also competes with traditional bite wing 2D dental x-rays for detecting interproximal caries. Information regarding risks associated with increased competition may be found in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors . We believe we are well positioned to compete in the markets we target. We have thousands of dedicated, highly skilled sales force employees who are focused on key portions of our target markets that allow us to uniquely address customer needs and thereby enhance the customer experience. Our significant historical and ongoing investments in research and development and design around the movement of teeth, SmartTrack aligner materials and design, intraoral scanning, 3D manufacturing, global scale of manufacturing and treatment planning, strong brand name recognition, strong workforce, diversified and knowledgeable customer base, geographic expansion, reliable financial results, leading digital platform, technology and IP, next wave of innovation with direct 3D printing and innovations powered by AI enabling more personalized care, and regulatory clearance of our products are among a few of our key competitive factors that compare favorably with our competitors products and services. Government Regulations Many countries have established regulatory frameworks for commercialization of medical devices. As a designer, manufacturer, and marketer of medical devices, we are obligated to comply with the respective frameworks of these countries to obtain and maintain access to these global markets. The frameworks often define requirements for marketing authorizations which vary by country. Failure to obtain appropriate marketing authorization and meet all local requirements, including specific quality and safety standards and new software and AI standards in any country in which we market our products, could cause commercial disruption and/or subject us to sanctions and fines. Delays in receipt of, or a failure to receive, such marketing authorizations, or the loss of any previously received authorizations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. With regards to premarket authorization in the United States, many of our products are classified as medical devices under the U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( FD C Act ). The FD C Act requires these products, when sold in the United States, to be safe and effective for their intended use and to comply with medical device regulations defined by the FDA. The regulatory framework depends on a set of written processes for ensuring consistent quality called a Quality Management System ( QMS ) coupled with a product marketing authorization which depends on the risk classification of the product. This regulatory framework is comparable to the framework established in the European Union ( EU ). Within the EU, our products are subject to the requirements defined by the Medical Device Regulation EU 2017/745 which replaced the Medical Device Directive 93/42/EEC with a final transition date of May 26, 2021. Similar market access regulations exist in Brazil, China, Japan and other countries. Our QMS is routinely audited by certification bodies as well as country regulators for compliance with applicable regulations. We believe we are in material compliance with all state, federal, and international regulatory requirements applicable to our products. We are also subject to various laws around the world that govern interactions with our customers as healthcare professionals or government officials. The laws govern different interactions and may include: prohibiting improper influence of or payments to healthcare professionals, other decision makers or purchasers of medical devices and government officials; 16 setting out rules for when and how to engage healthcare professionals; marketing our products within the regulatory approval (e.g., on label) promotion, sale and marketing of our products and services; the importing and exporting of our products; the operation of our facilities and distribution of our products; and disclosure of payments to healthcare professionals and institutions. As we expand our operations, compliance with applicable laws in countries in which we sell and invest in new business models becomes more complex and the general trend is toward increasingly stringent oversight and enforcement. Initiatives sponsored by government agencies, legislative bodies, and the private sector to limit the growth of healthcare expenses generally are ongoing in markets where we do business. It is not possible to predict whether these trends will impact our business or the potential cost containment measures on our future business. Our customers are healthcare providers who may be reimbursed by state or federal funded programs such as Medicaid, a foreign national healthcare program, or private pay insurance, each of which may offer some degree of oversight. As a medical device manufacturer and seller, we are subject to transparency reporting laws (also known as sunshine laws) that in certain countries and U.S. states require us to report transfers of value to healthcare professionals that perform services or receive other items from us (e.g., meals, travel, branded promotional or educational items, or other benefits of value). Enforcement actions and associated efforts to respond or defend against enforcement actions can be expensive, and any resulting findings carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties. In addition, we must comply with numerous laws and regulations addressing privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence, data governance and cybersecurity. We are subject to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and any applicable national implementing laws (together, the EU GDPR ), as well as the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018 (together, the UK GDPR ). Collectively, these are referred to as the GDPR. The GDPR establishes broad data privacy requirements regarding our collection, processing, sharing, disclosure, transfer, and other uses of information relating to identifiable living individuals. These requirements include principles of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through the implementation of appropriate policies, procedures, training, and audits. Many of these laws and regulations do or will soon regulate or restrict cross-border data transfers, such as in the United States, the EU, Switzerland, Brazil, China, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, Australia, New Zealand, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Hong Kong and other countries. Further, in the United States, we may be required to comply with laws and regulations addressing the collection, use, security and processing of protected health information and other information relating to individuals, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) and its implementing rules. Additionally, many U.S. states maintain laws and regulations addressing privacy, data protection, data governance and cybersecurity. Like many other companies, we must work to ensure our global privacy program framework incorporates applicable requirements of new and modified laws and regulations in relevant jurisdictions to support our efforts to ensure our product innovations and associated practices comply with these increasingly complex laws and regulations. Legislatures and regulators globally are proposing, and in certain cases have enacted, new laws or regulations regarding privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence, data governance and cybersecurity that could require us to modify our policies and practices in order to comply with new and evolving obligations relating to these matters. Information regarding risks associated with data security and privacy may be found in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors . Environmental Laws and Regulations We are subject to numerous international, federal, state and local environmental laws, including provisions that regulate the purchase, use, distribution, and environmental impact of hazardous substances used in our operations, contained within our products and the packaging associated with our products. We are also subject to environmental laws applicable to our manufacturing facilities and operations, including environmental health, safety and sustainability regulations. The number and rate at which these regulations are being proposed and implemented are increasing at the regional, country and local territorial levels, requiring greater diligence, governance and skills to manage. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with existing and new laws and regulations in the future. Information regarding risks associated with environmental laws and regulations may be found in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors . Human Capital We believe our culture and commitment to employees provide unique value that benefits Align, its stockholders and the communities and other stakeholders we serve. Every employee, and every job, is important to our success and helps us achieve our purpose of transforming smiles and changing lives. Align is committed to building a global workforce with varied cultural backgrounds and life experiences. Fostering a culture of dignity, integrity, open dialogue, open-mindedness, compassion, 17 fairness, recognition, and shared goals allows us to attract and retain the best talent, and provide a safe and supportive environment that allows our employees to excel. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 20,290 employees, a decrease of approximately 3.1% and 6.1% over December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The number of employees for each of the last five years and our employees roles as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: We are fundamentally a global organization with approximately 91% of our employees located internationally, primarily in direct-labor roles in our manufacturing and clinical treatment planning facilities. Set forth in the following paragraphs are some of the most important elements of our culture and commitment to our employees. Governance . Our commitment to improving the lives of our employees and the communities in which we live and work, including conducting our business ethically, responsibly and transparently through open and clear disclosures that allow us and others to hold us accountable, begins with our Board of Directors ( Board ) and management team. They set the tone for our organization by establishing and clearly communicating our core values of Agility, Customer and Accountability that inform our culture. Our Global Code of Conduct ( Code ) and quality policies are designed to enable us to operate with integrity and deliver superior treatment outcomes and experiences to patients. We seek to create an environment that values the health, safety and well-being of our teams, and we work to equip them with the knowledge and skills to serve our business and develop their careers. We believe that by effectively managing our business founded on these values, we are driving long-term value for our stockholders and all stakeholders. As part of our commitment to our employees and communities, our Board has delegated oversight responsibility of our policies and practices that foster Align s sustainability and cultural initiatives, policies, practices, and programs to our Nominating and Governance Committee. Additionally, our Compensation and Human Capital Committee has oversight responsibilities of all human capital management strategies, programs and policies. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee regularly reviews and discusses key performance indicators regarding human capital management that allow it to monitor trends on issues such as total headcount, employee hiring, recruiting, attrition, career development, compensation, benefits, workplace culture, and other measures of employee engagement and interest to management and the committee. We believe our success continues to be driven by our focus on integrating and welcoming employees across the globe and of all different backgrounds, orientations, beliefs, perspectives and capabilities into our workforce. Our employees bring a positive mix of ethnic and culturally diverse backgrounds to the 48 different countries in which we operate. Our largest population of employees work in Mexico followed by Costa Rica and China. Employees in the United States represent approximately 9% of our global population. 18 Our management team is comprised of individuals from varying countries and nationalities who are committed to promoting and encouraging the health and well-being of our employees at work, at home and in society in general. Our work culture is designed to create financial, health, career and personal benefits for our employees and organization. We sponsor cultural recognition events to increase awareness of inclusion and belonging, including its importance in creating an environment where every employee feels safe, supported and can thrive. Our employees have also established and manage employee groups including employee resource groups based on shared characteristics or life experiences. These are open to all employees, including those who do not directly identify with other members. Talent Recruitment and Engagement. W e employ a variety of career development, employee benefits, compensation and other policies and programs designed to attract, develop and retain employees. We focus on building a talent pipeline that nurtures those early in their careers, encourages continuous learning and growth, and incentivizes employees to stay and contribute to our success over the long term. Our programs include early recruitment at high schools and universities, initiatives such as internships, co-ops, apprenticeships, and training programs, quarterly performance management check-ins focused on individual goals and commitment to values and conducting regular employee surveys to build trust and strengthen relationships. Our efforts have resulted in numerous awards for our positive work environment and culture. Some of the certifications, awards and recognitions recognized or received include: Best Workplaces for Women, China Best Workplaces for Parents, Korea Great Places to Work and Best Places to Work based on our employee-validated great workplaces in the following countries: Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, India, Israel, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Vietnam and Raleigh, North Carolina (United States) Forbes America s Best Employers: Dream Employers, Best Midsize Employers, Best Employers for Engineers, Best Employers for New Grads, Best Employers for Company Culture LinkedIn Top Companies, Israel Mercer China, Healthiest Workplace Award for Outstanding Women Care Newsweek, America s Greatest Workplaces: Overall, By State (California), Gen Z, Inclusion, Mental Well-Being, Parents Families We believe it is imperative to provide a vibrant employee experience and we value our employees collective voices. Accordingly, we conduct recurring employee surveys that utilize a continuous employee listening strategy to collect employee feedback critical to improving our culture. This includes globally managed pulse surveys, employee lifecycle surveys, and a self-service feature to support listening efforts. We use what we learn from the surveys to improve the employee experience, including enhancements to our workplaces, focus on employee connections, increased career development opportunities, support for relocated employees, and growth in our recognition programs and experiences. Our global response rates are consistently high, reflecting strong engagement by our employees. Training and Professional Development . Training is an integral part of developing and retaining our employees and creating a culture of leadership within Align. 19 Training at Align begins with our Code and our strong commitment to ethical business practices in all aspects of our operations. Every employee and contractor is required to review the Code and confirm they understand and will comply with it. We routinely reference the Code in presentations and as part of everyday operations. As a further part of our standard onboarding program, we train employees on important environmental health and safety topics to protect them and the environment. As a general practice, employees are trained to perform their jobs in accordance with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and that training is routinely refreshed and re-administered. At Align, we believe employees learn best when skill development is driven by the changing and immediate needs of our employees and by empowering all employees to take action and ownership of their careers. We also believe learning should be relevant and actionable as well as rooted in our purpose and values. develop@Align, our global online learning hub, enables our global employee population to access a diverse portfolio of approximately 2,100 self-directed courses in up to 23 languages. We also offer a full suite of custom leadership development programs, beginning with aspiring leaders, continuing with managers and directors, and culminating with executive development opportunities. We also recognize we must continually evolve by providing employees with the resources they need to continue to learn, grow, and thrive. To this end, we created Voyage. Voyage is a global initiative that offers a set of tools, resources and a new mindset, empowering employees to start thinking differently about career growth by embracing development opportunities in new and sometimes unexpected ways. Our Voyage Compass helps employees experience their career through four distinct lenses: self, networks, experience and skills. Since its launch in 2022, over 70% of the employee population has interacted with Voyage, and there have been over 164,000 visits to the Voyage website. In addition to our navigation site, we annually host a Voyage Set Sail Month, where we offer experiential learning for individuals and teams utilizing activities that keep professional development front and center in employees minds. Compensation and Benefits . Our benefit and compensation programs reflect the value and contributions our employees make. In addition to competitive base pay, we offer an assortment of benefits that vary by country, roles and contributions, including performance-based variable compensation programs, health and welfare benefit plans, retirement planning services and benefits, holiday and leave policies, equity participation programs such as our 2005 Annual Incentive Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and charitable and community service opportunities. We also offer discounts to our employees and their dependents who undergo Invisalign treatment. We are furthermore committed to pay equity practices. We exceed minimum pay requirements for our manufacturing employees and regularly review our pay equity practices globally and locally for compliance with applicable laws and work to address discrepancies identified. Health, Wellness and Safety . Our employees health and well-being is critical to our success and their continuing achievements. We therefore offer a wide variety of robust programs and initiatives designed to promote the overall health and welfare of all our employees and their families. Every year, we promote a Month of Wellness, a month dedicated to well-being and a worldwide movement fostering employee health across our organization. Throughout the Month of Wellness, employees participate in a variety of activities such as informational sessions and health fairs and receive useful resources aligned to our wellness pillars - mental resilience, physical well-being and healthy living, social/family connections, and financial wellness. This provides employees with a variety of meaningful ways to embrace wellness and well-being through mindfulness, meditation, nutrition and mental wellness activities, exercise, hikes, yoga, volunteer activities, financial education sessions, social events and stress management. Additionally, a primary objective is to prevent injuries and occupational diseases by focusing first and foremost on creating and maintaining safe environments. We have e nvironmental, health, safety and sustainability personnel who are responsible for ensuring health and safety programs and processes are maintained and effective at each of our locations. Major worksites, such as our clear aligner fabrication sites, and large offices have dedicated Environmental Health and Safety ( EHS ) departments dedicated to ensuring our health and safety programs are maintained while contributing Best Management Practices and general input to corporate-wide programs. Each EHS department is responsible for ensuring all employees at their location are properly trained on various EHS topics and at the appropriate frequencies. A training suite is determined for each employee depending on their responsibilities and function modeled off ISO 45001. Community. We actively encourage employees to support charitable organizations by providing opportunities for volunteerism, team building, and donation and matching programs. In 2025 , our employees continued to make us proud through their generosity and dedication, especially during our annual Month of Smiles initiative in October where we encouraged them to make a difference individually and as teams through volunteer activities, charitable donations, fundraising, and intentional acts of goodness. In addition, through our Align Foundation, we support organizations whose visions closely align with our 20 mission to improve smiles, supporting and educating teens, and empowering our customers through partnerships with learning institutions and foundations. Below are some of our key community initiatives in 2025 : Since 2013, we have been a proud supporter of Operation Smile, a global medical nonprofit that has provided hundreds of thousands of free surgeries for people born with cleft lips and cleft palates in low and middle-income countries. For a fifth year, we were the title sponsor of Operation Smile s International Student Leadership Conference, a powerful opportunity for youth in high schools and colleges around the world to develop leadership skills and impact their communities. As part of our 2025 sponsorship, we provided scholarships for 90 students, including those born with cleft conditions and those facing financial barriers. As of December 31, 2025, we had donated approximately $3.4 million to Operation Smile. As part of Align s commitment to improving oral health, we partnered with the INCAE Business School as part of the CAHI Jeffe Fellowship in Health and Innovation to improve health services in Latin America. The CAHI Jeffe Fellowship brought together 19 leaders from nine Latin American countries and focused on enhancing the quality, accessibility, and affordability of health services through a variety of programs. Align provided scholarships to two leaders from the program who focused on oral health education and expansion of dental health for low-income populations. For 18 years we have supported America s ToothFairy, an organization with a mission to ensure underserved children in the United States have access to dental care and learn about oral health by supporting nonprofit clinics and community partners. As of December 31, 2025, we have provided almost $2 million for the foundation s operational expenses and children s oral health programs. As Title Sponsor of the HERO Program since 2019, we have helped the program reach an estimated 2.87 million children, caregivers, and parents. During America s ToothFairy s 2025 fiscal year, which ended June 30th, the HERO Program positively impacted 1,082,150 children and caregivers using downloadable resources, which are also available in multiple languages. With Align s support, America s ToothFairy s Dental Resource Program (DRP) member clinics provided clinical care to 213,675 children on average, a 25% increase over 2024. Among these: 191,204 children received fluoride varnish, nearly 36% more than in 2024 75% of patients served live at or below the poverty line 44% of children treated live in rural communities where access to care is limited 52% of care was delivered through school-based programs 85% of patients rely on state-funded insurance We also provide product donations to the dental community to help patients in need of healthy, beautiful smiles. For more information on our charitable and community efforts, please refer to the Corporate Accountability portion of our corporate website located at https://www.aligntech.com/about/corporate_accountability . Available Information Our corporate website address is www.aligntech.com , and our investor relations website address is http://investor.aligntech.com . The information on or accessible through either of these websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and all website URLs in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements on Schedule 14A for our annual stockholders meetings and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file with or furnish such material to the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Further, the SEC maintains an internet site ( http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings with the SEC. 21 Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 27, 2026: Name Age Position Period Joseph M. Hogan 68 President and Chief Executive Officer of Align Chief Executive Officer of ABB Chief Executive Officer of GE Healthcare 2015-Present 2008-2013 2000-2008 John F. Morici 59 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Finance of Align Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Global Finance of Align Chief Financial Officer of Align EVP and Managing Director of NBC Universal North America Home Entertainment CFO/Chief Operating Officer of NBC Universal North America Home Entertainment Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NBC Universal North America Home Entertainment 2022-Present 2018-2022 2016-2018 2014-2016 2011-2014 2007-2011 Julie Coletti 58 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer of Align Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer of Align Vice President, Associate General Counsel, Strategic Commercial Affairs of Align Vice President, Global General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of Danaher Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Bayer HealthCare's MEDRAD/Radiology and Interventional Division 2022-Present 2019-2022 2018-2019 2013-2017 2007-2013 Stuart Hockridge 54 Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources of Align Senior Vice Present, Global Human Resources of Align Vice President, Global Human Resources of Align Vice President of Talent of Visa 2022-Present 2018-2022 2016-2018 2013-2016 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, or that we currently believe to be material. including those described below. When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be materially and adversely affected. The risks below are not the only ones we face. Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Therefore, you should review this section carefully, as well as our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and other information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for important information regarding these and other risks that may affect us. Additionally, you should consider these risk factors in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Macroeconomic and External Risks Global and regional economic conditions have and could in the future materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which can reduce or shift spending away from elective procedures, drive patients to pursue less costly orthodontic treatments, decrease the number of orthodontic case starts, reduce patient traffic in dental offices, or reduce demand for dental services generally. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in consumer confidence and demand, inflation, general economic weakness, actual or potential slowdowns or recessions, employment levels, health insurance coverage, wages, debt obligations, discretionary income, interest rates, cultural and social influences, market volatility and perceptions of current and future economic conditions. For instance, decreased demand for dental services has and may in the future cause doctors and labs to revert to wires and brackets and postpone investments in capital equipment. Uncertain economic outlooks for, or declines in the economic outlooks of, the United States, Chinese, European and other economies have and could in the future materially adversely affect consumer demand and dental practice spending. Higher interest rates have and could in the future reduce consumers disposable income, which could cause a decrease in discretionary spending for our products. Inflation has and may continue to adversely impact spending and trade ac