=== AIG_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulation "Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability" . We expect that the U.S. and international laws and regulations applicable to us and our regulated entities will continue to evolve for the foreseeable future. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulation "New laws and regulations or new interpretations of current laws and regulations, both domestically and internationally, may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively" . FINANCIAL, MARKET CONDUCT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT The method of insurance regulation of our insurance subsidiaries varies, but generally has its source in statutes that delegate regulatory and supervisory powers to a state insurance official (in the United States) or another governmental agency (outside the United States). The regulation and supervision relate primarily to the financial condition of the insurers, corporate conduct and market conduct activities. In general, such regulation is for the protection of policyholders rather than the creditors or equity owners of these companies. Financial, market conduct and corporate conduct oversight varies by jurisdiction, but can include activities such as: (a) approval of policy language and rates; (b) advertising practices; (c) establishing minimum capital and liquidity requirements; (d) licensing of insurers and their agents; (e) requiring registration and periodic reporting by insurance companies that are licensed in the jurisdiction; (f) evaluating and, in some cases, requiring regulatory approval of, certain transactions between insurance company subsidiaries and their affiliates; (g) imposing restrictions and limitations on the amount of, or requiring approval for, dividends or other distributions payable by an insurance company; (h) enforcing rules related to outsourcing of material functions; AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1 | Business (i) requiring deposits of cash or securities for the benefit of policyholders; (j) establishing requirements for acceptability of reinsurers and credit for reinsurance; (k) establishing requirements for insurance reserves; and (l) enterprise risk management (including technology risk management) and corporate governance requirements. Our insurance subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations that prescribe the type, quality and concentration of investments they can make and permissible investment practices, including with respect to derivatives, securities lending and repurchase transactions. In non-U.S. jurisdictions, our insurance subsidiaries may also be subject to laws requiring certain amounts and types of local investment. Insurance laws in many jurisdictions also provide that no person, corporation or other entity may acquire "control" (as defined in such laws) of an insurance company, or a controlling interest in (or prescribed percentage of capital of) any direct or indirect parent company of an insurance company, without the prior approval of, or notice to, such insurance company s domiciliary insurance regulator. As a holding company with no significant business operations of its own, AIG Parent depends on dividends from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. U.S. state insurance laws typically provide that dividends in excess of certain prescribed limits are considered to be extraordinary dividends and require prior approval or non-disapproval from the applicable insurance regulator. Outside the U.S., insurers, subject to certain exceptions, are permitted to pay dividends subject to maintaining prescribed capital and solvency requirements and ensuring that dividends are made out of profits/retained earnings. Further, as part of their regulatory oversight processes, insurance regulators conduct periodic examinations of our insurance subsidiaries. Such examinations can cover a broad scope of the insurance subsidiary s operations, including the financial strength of the insurance subsidiary; sales, marketing and claims handling practices; risk management; capital and liquidity management; and information technology operations (including emerging technology risks). Insurance and securities regulators and other law enforcement agencies and attorneys general also, from time to time, make inquiries, issue data calls and conduct examinations or investigations regarding compliance with insurance and other laws or for informational purposes that can be company-specific or part of a broader industry-wide effort. Noncompliance with such applicable laws, regulations or guidance could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. REGULATORY REGIMES United States States In the U.S., the insurance industry is largely regulated by individual states and territories insurance regulators. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), a standard-setting and regulatory support organization created and governed by the chief insurance regulators from the 50 states, the District of Columbia and five U.S. territories, assists state insurance regulators in establishing standards and best practices, conducting peer reviews and coordinating regulatory oversight. The NAIC itself is not a regulator, and the model laws and regulations it promulgates only become effective in a state once formally adopted by such state and are subject to revision by each state. Examples of NAIC models adopted in substantial part by all states include: The Risk-Based Capital (RBC) for Insurers Model Act, which incorporates an RBC formula calculated in accordance with instructions updated annually by the NAIC that is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer s total adjusted capital, as calculated pursuant to the RBC formula, in relation to certain risks inherent in its business, and authorizes certain regulatory actions regarding insurers whose RBC levels fall below specific thresholds. The RBC levels of each of our U.S. domiciled insurance companies exceeded each of these specific thresholds as of December 31, 2025. In addition to RBC requirements, U.S. state insurance laws prescribe certain minimum capital and surplus requirements for insurance companies domiciled or licensed in each state. If any of our insurance entities fell below prescribed levels of statutory capital and surplus, it would be our intention to provide appropriate capital or other types of support to that entity. For additional information regarding our liquidity sources, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries Insurance Companies. 6 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1 | Business The Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act and the Insurance Holding Company System Model Regulation (together, the Holding Company Models) include: provisions authorizing insurance commissioners to act as global group-wide supervisors for internationally active insurance groups and participate in supervisory colleges; standards for transactions between a domestic insurance company and its affiliates and regulatory approval requirements for certain of such transactions; requirements for obtaining regulatory approval for acquiring control of a domestic insurance company; and the requirement that the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer file an annual enterprise risk report with its lead state regulator identifying risks likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of its licensed insurers or the insurance holding company system as a whole, among other requirements. The New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) is AIG s lead U.S.-state regulator, and leads AIG s Supervisory College meetings, which consist of AIG s key global regulators. In December 2020, the NAIC amended the Holding Company Models to incorporate a Group Capital Calculation (GCC) requirement, which requires the ultimate controlling person of every U.S. insurer to submit GCC reports to the insurance group s lead state insurance regulator on an annual basis unless an exemption applies. These GCC provisions were incorporated in New York State laws in August 2023, making AIG formally subject to the GCC beginning in 2024. The GCC is intended to serve as an analytical tool for evaluating a firm s capital position at the group level and is not intended as a prescribed group capital requirement. The Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act, which requires that insurers maintain a risk management framework, conduct an internal own risk and solvency assessment of the insurer s material risks in normal and stressed environments, and submit annual Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) summary reports to the insurance group s lead U.S.-state regulator. The Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Model Act (CGAD), which requires insurers to submit an annual filing regarding their corporate governance structure, policies and practices. The NAIC also provides standardized insurance industry accounting and reporting guidance through the NAIC Accounting Manual, which establishes statutory accounting principles applicable to insurance companies. Statutory accounting principles promulgated by the NAIC may be modified by individual state laws, regulations and permitted practices granted by our domiciliary insurance regulators. The NAIC is currently engaged in a multi-pronged effort to determine whether additional standards, safeguards or disclosures are required in connection with certain investments by U.S. insurance companies, including related party investments, private credit and other complex assets. U.S. states have state insurance guaranty associations in which insurers admitted in the state are required by law to be members. Member insurers may be assessed by the associations for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. The aggregate assessments levied against us have not been material to our financial condition in any of the past three years. Federal At the U.S. federal level, AIG is impacted by the activities of policymakers and by the laws and regulations enforced by various federal agencies. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank), signed into law in 2010, brought about extensive changes to financial regulation in the United States and established the Federal Insurance Office (FIO) to serve as the central insurance authority in the federal government. While not serving a regulatory function, FIO performs certain duties related to the business of insurance and has authority to collect information on the insurance industry and recommend prudential standards. In addition, FIO monitors market access issues, represents the United States in international insurance forums and has authority to determine if certain regulations are preempted by "covered agreements" with non-U.S. authorities (which, as discussed below, generally effect mutual recognition of the equivalency of the relevant jurisdictions insurance and reinsurance prudential measures). FIO s approval is required to subject a financial company whose largest U.S. subsidiary is an insurer to the special orderly liquidation process outside the federal bankruptcy code, administered by the FDIC pursuant to Dodd-Frank. U.S. insurance subsidiaries of any such financial company, however, would remain subject to rehabilitation and liquidation proceedings under state insurance laws. FIO also assists the Secretary of the Treasury in administering the U.S. Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (TRIA), enacted in 2002 to support insurance coverage for certain terrorist acts in the U.S. The program was continued under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (TRIPRA) through December 31, 2027 and is intended to provide reinsurance coverage from the federal government in limited circumstances for certified acts of terrorism that exceed a certain threshold of industry losses. Title I of Dodd-Frank established the Financial Stability Oversight Council (Council), which is authorized to determine that certain nonbank financial companies be designated as nonbank systemically important financial institutions (SIFIs) subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and enhanced prudential standards. Designation by the Council of any nonbank SIFI is subject to certain statutory and regulatory standards and to the Council s guidance. The Council may also AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1 | Business recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that insurers or other nonbank financial services companies engage in. Title V of Dodd-Frank authorizes the United States to enter into covered agreements with foreign governments or regulatory entities regarding the business of insurance and reinsurance. On September 22, 2017, the U.S. and the European Union (EU) entered into such an agreement, and on December 18, 2018, the U.S. signed a covered agreement with the United Kingdom (UK), which is similar to the agreement with the EU. Under the agreements, AIG is subject to consolidated group supervision by its relevant U.S. insurance supervisors only, and generally does not have to satisfy EU Solvency II capital, reporting and governance requirements at the consolidated group level. The covered agreements also required various U.S. reinsurance collateral reforms, which were adopted by all U.S. states. Title VII of Dodd-Frank provides for significantly increased regulation of, and restrictions on, derivatives markets and transactions that have affected various activities of insurance and other financial services companies, including (i) regulatory reporting for swaps, including security-based swaps, (ii) mandated clearing through central counterparties and execution through regulated swap execution facilities for certain swaps (other than security-based swaps) and (iii) margin and collateral requirements. International In the UK, the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) is the lead prudential supervisor for our UK insurance operations and the Financial Conduct Authority has oversight of AIG s insurance operations for consumer protection and competition matters. The Society of Lloyd s also provides regulatory oversight of AIG s Lloyd s Managing Agent, Talbot Underwriting Limited. In the EU, various Directives and Regulations affect our international insurance operations. The Luxembourg insurance regulator, the Commissariat aux Assurances, is the insurance regulator for AIG Europe SA, which serves our European Economic Area (EEA) and Swiss policyholders. In addition, financial companies that operate in the EU are subject to a range of regulations enforced by the national regulators in each member state in which that firm operates. Solvency II governs the insurance industry s solvency framework for the EU, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards applicable to AIG s subsidiaries operating in the EU. AIG s operating insurance subsidiaries in Bermuda are regulated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA). Bermuda s Insurance Act 1978, the applicable Codes of Conduct and related regulations impose solvency and liquidity standards and auditing and reporting requirements on Bermuda insurance companies and grant the BMA powers to supervise, investigate and intervene in the affairs of insurance companies. A variety of requirements and restrictions are imposed on our Bermuda operating insurance subsidiaries including: periodic financial reporting; corporate governance framework; solvency and financial performance; compliance with minimum enhanced capital requirements; minimum solvency margins and liquidity ratios; and limitations on dividends and distributions. The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) supervises AIG s insurance subsidiary in Singapore. It has broad authority under the Insurance Act 1966 to regulate insurance business in Singapore as well as insurers, insurance intermediaries and related institutions. Our Singapore insurance operations are subject to minimum capital and solvency requirements as well as financial reporting, corporate governance and conduct of business requirements. The MAS has authority to conduct inspections and investigations on insurers and to administer sanctions for regulatory non-compliance. Our Singapore insurance subsidiary holds insurance entities in the Asia Pacific region. The Japan Financial Services Agency (JFSA) regulates AIG s operating insurance subsidiaries and insurance holding company in Japan. The JFSA has extensive authority under the Insurance Business Act and related regulations to oversee licensing, sales practices, business conduct, investments, reserves and solvency, amongst other matters. Our Japanese insurance operations are required to maintain a minimum solvency margin ratio (SMR), which is a measure of capital adequacy. The failure to maintain an appropriate SMR, or comply with other similar indicators of financial health, could result in the JFSA imposing corrective actions on our operations. FSB and IAIS The Financial Stability Board (FSB) consists of representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 countries. The FSB is not a regulator but is focused primarily on promoting international financial stability. The FSB has issued a series of frameworks and recommendations to address such issues as systemic financial risk, financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards, effective recovery and resolution regimes, corporate governance including compensation, and a number of related issues associated with responses to the 2008 financial crisis. The International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) represents insurance regulators and supervisors of more than 200 jurisdictions (including regions and states) in nearly 140 countries and seeks to promote globally consistent insurance industry supervision. The IAIS is not a regulator, but one of its activities is to develop insurance regulatory standards for use by local authorities across the globe. For example, the IAIS has adopted a Common Framework (ComFrame) for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs). ComFrame assists regulators in addressing an IAIG s risks by providing supervisory 8 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1 | Business standards for areas such as group supervision, governance and internal controls, enterprise risk management, and recovery and resolution planning. We currently meet the criteria set forth to identify an IAIG, and the NYDFS, as our group-wide supervisor, has publicly disclosed us as an IAIG on the IAIS register of IAIGs. The IAIS has adopted an enhanced set of supervisory policy measures for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk in the insurance sector (Holistic Framework). The Holistic Framework recognizes that systemic risk may arise not only from the distress or disorderly failure of an individual insurer, but also from the collective exposures and activities of insurers at a sector-wide level. The FSB has also been engaging with member jurisdictions in order to encourage greater adherence to its Key Attributes for Effective Resolution Regimes for the Insurance Sector to ensure that large, internationally active insurers can exit the market in an orderly fashion and avoid the need for taxpayer bailouts. Starting in December 2024, the FSB began publishing an annual list of insurers, including AIG, that are subject to resolution planning requirements which impose on AIG an obligation to provide to our key global regulators a comprehensive resolution plan for the Company along with periodic updates. As part of ComFrame, the IAIS also developed a risk-based global Insurance Capital Standard (ICS) applicable to IAIGs. The IAIS formally adopted the ICS at its annual general meeting in December 2024. The ICS is intended to be applied as a group-wide prescribed capital requirement, defined as a solvency control level above which the supervisor does not intervene on capital adequacy grounds. In parallel, the United States developed the Aggregation Method (AM) as an alternative approach to the consolidated ICS group-capital calculation. Following a comparability assessment, the IAIS determined in November 2024 that the AM delivers comparable outcomes to the ICS and therefore provides the basis for implementation of the ICS. The AM is expected to be implemented in the United States through the GCC. The standards issued by the FSB and/or the IAIS are not binding on the United States or other jurisdictions around the world unless and until the appropriate local governmental bodies or regulators adopt laws or regulations implementing such standards. PRIVACY, DATA PROTECTION, CYBERSECURITY AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE REQUIREMENTS We are subject to various laws and regulations that require financial institutions and other businesses to protect and safeguard personal and other sensitive information and provide notice of their practices relating to the collection, disclosure and other processing of personal information. We also are subject to U.S. federal and state laws and regulations requiring notification to affected individuals and regulators of a data breach. Below we highlight a few key applicable privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence (AI) laws and regulations. In the European Union, the EU Digital Operational Resilience Act requires covered entities, including insurance intermediaries, reinsurance intermediaries and ancillary insurance intermediaries to comply with a wide range of organizational and technical requirements to identify, manage and mitigate operational risk arising from use of network and information systems and, in particular, the use of third-party information and communication technology service providers. In October 2017, the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law (NAIC Data Security Model Law), which, among other things, requires insurers, insurance producers and other entities required to be licensed under state insurance laws to develop and maintain a written information security program, conduct risk assessments, and oversee the data security practices of third-party service providers. As of December 31, 2025, more than 25 jurisdictions had adopted the NAIC Data Security Model Law. In addition, on March 1, 2019, the NYDFS s cybersecurity regulation became fully effective, requiring covered financial institutions, including insurance entities licensed in New York, to, among other things, implement a cybersecurity program designed to protect information systems. The 2023 amendments to this cybersecurity regulation added obligations for large insurers including enhanced and updated governance, risk assessment, and technology requirements, new notification obligations, and clarifying changes regarding enforcement. The State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), which went into effect as of January 1, 2020, and imposes significant privacy obligations on businesses handling data related to California residents. The law has a number of exceptions; it does not apply to personal information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed pursuant to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and implementing regulations or the California Financial Information Privacy Act. The California Privacy Rights Act passed in November 2020 became effective January 1, 2023 and amends the CCPA to create additional privacy rights and obligations in California. A number of other states, including Colorado, Connecticut, Texas and Virginia also enacted comprehensive consumer data privacy laws and many other states have proposed similar laws, albeit with similar exemptions for entities and/or data governed by the GLBA. These privacy laws impose requirements on covered businesses that are similar to those imposed by the CCPA with respect to privacy notices, data subject rights and data security standards. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) requires that registrants disclose any material cybersecurity incident on Form 8-K within four business days of determining that the incident the registrant experienced is material. Periodic disclosures of, among other things, (i) details on the company s cybersecurity policies and procedures, and (ii) cybersecurity governance and oversight policies, including the board of directors oversight of any material incidents (individually or in the aggregate) are also required. AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1 | Business The scope of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) extends to entities established within the European Economic Area (EEA, i.e., EU member states plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway) and to certain entities not established in the EEA (in certain instances, if they solicit or target individuals in the EU by offering goods or services to EEA data subjects or monitoring the personal behavior of EEA data subjects (e.g., in an online context)). The GDPR was also onshored in the UK through the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, with adjustments as provided in subsequent regulations. Sanctions for non-compliance with the GDPR are onerous, with the potential for fines of up to 4 percent of global revenue for the most serious infringements. We have sought to address the GDPR s requirements by demonstrating accountability for compliance with the GDPR s principles relating to processing of personal data, maintaining records of processing and completing mandatory Data Protection Impact Assessments in connection with data processing activities identified by the GDPR as higher risk. The GDPR imposes requirements on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA, including via standard contractual clauses supplemented by an assessment and due diligence of the legal and regulatory landscape of the jurisdiction of the data importer, the channels used to transmit personal data and the processors or subprocessors of personal data. Certain U.S. states have adopted or are considering regulations and guidance relating to the use of big data, AI, machine learning and other technology innovations in the insurance marketplace. For example, in December 2023, the NAIC adopted a model bulletin on the use of AI by insurers that sets forth governance, risk management and other requirements that insurers using AI are expected to establish. A significant number of states have issued regulatory guidance based on the NAIC model bulletin. In addition, state insurance regulators in the United States, including NYDFS, have issued and will continue to consider regulations or proposed guidelines in the use of external data, algorithms and AI in insurance practices, including underwriting, marketing, and claims practices. The EU has also taken steps to regulate the use of data and algorithms used for the purpose of AI and automated decision-making. For example, the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act, which entered into force on August 1, 2024, with various requirements becoming effective at different points in time, broadly regulates the use of AI. European countries, and supranational political organizations like the EU and the Council of Europe, are expected to continue taking an active role in regulating AI in ways that may impact the insurance industry. We also are subject to other international laws and regulations that require financial institutions and other businesses to protect personal and other sensitive information and provide notice of their practices relating to the collection, disclosure and other processing of personal information and to obtain consent for specific processing activities. We are also subject to laws and regulations requiring notification to affected individuals and regulators of security breaches and laws and regulations regarding data localization and the cross-border transfer of information. SUSTAINABILITY In recent years, federal- and state-level lawmakers and regulators in the United States and in other major countries in which we operate have increased their scrutiny on financial institutions and other companies governance, risk oversight, disclosures, plans, policies and practices in connection with climate change and other sustainability topics, which continue to evolve and diverge across jurisdictions. There have been active and significant regulatory developments on these issues in the form of newly proposed, issued or implemented laws, rules, regulations, guidance and frameworks regarding climate change that impose, or will impose if and when effective, new requirements and expectations, including in connection with climate- related governance, risk management, disclosures, stress testing and scenario analysis. Regulators in several jurisdictions are considering the so-called protection gap as it relates to climate instances in which populations are under-insured or there is insufficient coverage to protect policyholders against the risks associated with climate change. We continue to actively monitor the regulatory landscape surrounding these issues. 10 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors ITEM 1A | Risk Factors Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Market Conditions Deterioration of economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, changes in market conditions or weakening global capital markets have affected and may continue to materially affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Reserves and Exposures The amount and timing of insurance liability claims are difficult to predict and such claims may exceed the related liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. Reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. Our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events as well as mass torts. Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Concentration of our insurance, reinsurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects. Losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties may materially and adversely affect the value of our investments, our profitability and sources of liquidity. Investment Portfolio and Concentration of Investments Our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy, and the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. We rely on investment management and advisory arrangements with third-party investment managers for the majority of our investment portfolio. The historical performance of any investment manager we engage should not be considered indicative of the future results of our investment portfolio. The valuation of our investments involves the application of methodologies and assumptions to derive estimates, which may differ from actual experience and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity or lead to volatility in our net income. Liquidity, Capital and Credit AIG Parent s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited, and our sources of liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be required by our subsidiaries. We may not be able to generate cash to meet our needs due to the illiquidity of some of our investments. A downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Business and Operations Our risk management policies, standards and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks and estimate related losses. We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our development and use of new technology, such as generative artificial intelligence, may present risks. Our foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors Third parties we rely upon to provide certain business and administrative services on our behalf may not perform as anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels and the use of third parties may result in additional liabilities. Our restructuring initiatives may not yield expected reductions in expenses and/or improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. Strategic transactions, including business or asset acquisitions and dispositions, may expose us to certain risks. We are subject to risks from our continuing equity market exposure to Corebridge. The anticipated benefits of our sales of Corebridge stock may not be achieved. Significant legal or regulatory proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social, governance and sustainability matters, including governmental responses to such matters, may adversely affect our reputation or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. Regulation Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. New laws and regulations or new interpretations of current laws and regulations, both domestically and internationally, may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. An ownership change could limit our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income. New and proposed changes to tax laws could increase our corporate taxes. Estimates and Assumptions Estimates or assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business may differ materially from actual experience. Changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements may impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. If our businesses do not perform well and/or their estimated fair values decline, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or establish an additional valuation allowance against the related deferred income tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Employees and Competition Employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and may result in reputational damage and significant losses. Competition for employees in our industry is intense, and managing key employee succession is critical to our success. We may not be able to attract and retain the key employees and other highly skilled employees we need to support our businesses. We face intense competition in each of our business lines, and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our businesses. 12 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors Risk Factors Investing in AIG involves risk. In deciding whether to invest in AIG, you should carefully consider the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors could have a significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. They could also cause significant fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect AIG. These factors should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the other reports and materials filed by us with the SEC. Further, many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity beyond a risk s singular impact. MARKET CONDITIONS Deterioration of economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, changes in market conditions or weakening global capital markets have affected and may continue to materially affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our businesses are highly dependent on global economic and market conditions. Weaknesses in economic conditions, including a recessionary environment, poor capital markets performance, market volatility, volatility in interest rate levels and inflation have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, among other consequences, a poor operating environment, erosion of consumer and investor confidence, reduced business volumes, deteriorating liquidity and declines in asset valuations. Key ways in which we have been, and could be, negatively affected by economic conditions include: increased loss payments and loss costs due to inflation; increased challenges to insurance policy terms and conditions, such as standard exclusions; increases in costs associated with third-party reinsurance, or decreased ability to obtain reinsurance on acceptable terms; the increased likelihood of, or increased magnitude of, asset impairments caused by market fluctuations, deterioration in collateral values or credit deterioration of borrowers; and reduced premiums. Adverse economic conditions may result from a variety of factors including domestic and global economic and political developments, including changes in interest rate levels, plateauing or decreasing economic growth and business activity, recessions, social inflation, inflationary or deflationary pressures in developed economies, including the United States (U.S.), civil unrest, pandemics, geopolitical tensions, changes to international trade and/or tariff policies, foreign investment restrictions, military action or armed conflicts and corresponding sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, and new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements on business investment, data protection, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence, hiring, migration, labor supply and global supply chains. These and other market, economic, regulatory and political factors, including the effects of inflation, macroeconomic uncertainty, domestic and international political tensions, disruption to our business operations in countries exposed to geopolitical risk, natural disasters and the increased costs associated with meeting customer needs in such regions, adverse impacts resulting from changes to international trade, tariff and monetary policies, and any potential U.S. government shutdowns, have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, capital and liquidity in many ways, including: lower levels of consumer demand for and ability to afford our products and commercial business activities that have decreased and may continue to decrease revenues and profitability and thus impair goodwill, deferred tax assets or other long-term assets; increased credit impairments, downgrades and losses across single or numerous asset classes due to lower collateral values or deteriorating cash flow and profitability by borrowers that could lead to higher defaults on the Company s investment portfolio, especially in geographic, industry or investment sectors where the Company has higher concentrations of exposure, and widening of credit spreads that could reduce investment asset valuations and increase statutory capital requirements; increased market volatility and uncertainty that could decrease liquidity, increase borrowing costs and limit access to capital markets; the reduction of investment income generated by, or the market value of, our investment portfolio; increased costs related to our direct and third-party support services, labor and financing, increased credit risk and decreased sales; and limitations on business activities and increased compliance risks with respect to economic sanctions regulations. AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors We are exposed to certain risks arising from or exacerbated by fluctuations in interest rates, such as a potential mismatch between the expected duration of our liabilities and our assets, changes in certain statutory reserve or capital requirements that are based on formulas or models that consider interest rates or prescribed interest rates, increased financing and refinancing costs, in particular with respect to our corporate debt instruments, and lower investment income on our floating rate investments that will adjust to lower coupons if short-term rates decrease. Changes in interest rates have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio. For example, increases in interest rates have impacted, and may continue to impact, our investment portfolio by decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities that constitute a substantial portion of our investment portfolio as well as the alternative investments in our investment portfolio. This in turn has in the past increased and could in the future increase the unrealized loss positions in our portfolio which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Should a low interest rate environment return, it could negatively affect the performance of our investments and reduce the level of investment income earned on our investment portfolios. In addition, if our investment managers fail to react appropriately to difficult market or economic conditions, our investment portfolio could incur material losses. RESERVES AND EXPOSURES The amount and timing of insurance liability claims are difficult to predict and such claims may exceed the related liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. We regularly review the adequacy of the established liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. We also conduct extensive analyses of our reserves during the year. Our liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, however, has at times developed and may in the future develop adversely and materially impact our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Estimation of ultimate net losses, loss expenses and the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a complex process, particularly for long-tail and medium-tail liability lines of business. There is also greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with respect to new business, particularly new business involving recently introduced product lines. In these cases, there is less historical experience or knowledge and less data upon which actuaries can rely. Estimating reserves is further complicated by unexpected claims or unintended coverages that may emerge due to unexpected events, such as pandemics or geopolitical conflicts. These emerging issues may increase the size or number of claims beyond our intent at the time of underwriting and may not become apparent for many years after a policy is issued. While we use a number of analytical reserve development techniques to project future loss development, the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses has been and may continue to be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that we rely upon in setting the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. These changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors could be due to changes in actual versus expected claims and losses, difficulties in predicting changes, such as changes in inflation, unemployment, or other social or economic factors affecting claims, including judicial and legislative actions, and changes in the tort environment. Any deviation in loss cost trends or in loss development factors might not be identified for an extended period of time after we record the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year or number of years. We review and update actuarial assumptions at least annually. If actual experience or revised future expectations result in projected future losses, we may be required to record additional liabilities through a charge to net realized gains or losses in the then-current period, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For additional information on reserve development, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Insurance Reserves. For additional information on our loss reserves, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Loss Reserves and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. Our subsidiaries are major purchasers of third-party reinsurance and we use reinsurance as part of our overall risk management strategy. While reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries from their obligation to pay claims for losses insured under our policies, it makes the reinsurer liable to our subsidiaries for the reinsured portion of the risk. Market conditions beyond our control have impacted and may in the future impact the availability and cost of reinsurance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, reinsurance is typically more difficult or costly to obtain after a year or consecutive years with a large number of major catastrophes, the severity and frequency of which have increased in recent years, and their likelihood may be further exacerbated by climate change. We have been and may, at certain times be, forced to incur additional costs for reinsurance, unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, or unable to obtain reinsurance for certain parts of our business. In instances where reinsurance is more costly, insufficient on acceptable terms or unavailable, we have had to, and may in the future have to, accept an increase in exposure to risk, reduce or stop writing certain lines of business written by our subsidiaries or seek alternatives in line with our risk limits, or a combination thereof. 14 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors Additionally, we are exposed to credit risk with respect to our subsidiaries reinsurers to the extent the reinsurance receivable is not secured, or is or becomes inadequately secured by collateral or does not benefit from other credit enhancements. We also bear the risk that a reinsurer is, or may be, unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded as reinsurance recoverables for any reason, including that the terms of the reinsurance contract do not reflect the intent of the parties to the contract or there is a disagreement between the parties as to their intent, or the terms of the contract cannot be legally enforced. The insolvency of one or more of our reinsurers, the inability or unwillingness of such reinsurers to make timely payments under the terms of our contracts or payments in an amount equal to our corresponding reinsurance recoverable, or the risk that the reinsurance transaction does not operate as intended, including due to a change in laws and regulations or on account of court or arbitration panel interpretations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity. Moreover, the use of reinsurance placed in the capital markets or placed with alternative market reinsurers supported by capital market institutions, like private equity firms that fund single purpose reinsurance capital vehicles, may not provide the same levels of protection as traditional reinsurance transactions. Any disruption, volatility and uncertainty in these markets or with respect to these capital market participants or these types of alternative reinsurance structures may impact the protection provided by this type of reinsurance or may limit our ability to access such markets on terms favorable to us or at all. Also, to the extent that we use structures based on an industry loss index or other metrics rather than on actual losses incurred by us, we could be subject to residual risk. The availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism is limited and we currently have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist attacks. While we benefit from the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA), which provides U.S. government risk assistance to the insurance industry to manage the exposure to terrorism incidents, TRIPRA has specific program limits and does not cover losses in certain lines of business such as personal property and personal casualty. We also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. The realization of these risks may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For additional information on reinsurance, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events as well as mass torts. Events such as hurricanes, windstorms, hailstorms, flooding, earthquakes, landslides, wildfires, solar storms, earth sinking, tsunamis, war or other military action, acts of terrorism, explosions and fires, cyberattacks, product defects, pandemics, mass torts, civil unrest and other catastrophes have adversely affected our business in the past and could do so in the future. Catastrophic events, and legislative or regulatory responses thereto, have in the past and could in the future result in losses in any business in which we operate, and could expose us to: widespread claim costs associated with property, casualty, general liability, bodily injury, workers compensation, accident and health, travel, business interruption and cyber claims, among others; loss resulting from a decline in the value of our invested assets; loss resulting from actual policy experience that is adverse compared to the assumptions made in product pricing, which could adversely affect underwriting profitability; revenue loss due to decline in customer base; declines in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other entities whose securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with and have credit exposure to, including reinsurers; significant disruptions to our physical infrastructure, systems and operations; and widespread loss or corruption of personal or sensitive business data. Natural and man-made catastrophic events are generally unpredictable. Our exposure to catastrophe-related loss depends on various factors, including the frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the availability of reinsurance, the rate of inflation and the value and geographic or other concentrations of insured companies and individuals. Vendor models and proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage catastrophe exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions or estimates. For example, modeling for the more unpredictable and infrequent types of catastrophes, such as terrorism, cyber incidents and pandemics, is even more difficult and may be less reliable. In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and court decisions following major catastrophes (both natural and man-made), as well as new and emerging mass tort claims, have required and could in the future require us to pay the insured beyond the contractual terms of the insurance policy and may prohibit the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated and unanticipated claims, or impose other restrictions, which would reduce our ability to mitigate exposure. These initiatives could impair our cash flows and adversely impact our subsidiaries capital ratios. For additional information on potential catastrophic events, including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risk. AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors For information regarding the effects of climate change on our business, see Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition below. Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Climate change, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse gases, a warming atmosphere and ocean, wildfires, diminished snow and ice, and a rise in sea levels, appears to have contributed to an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters and the creation of uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. As such, climate change presents significant financial implications for us in areas such as underwriting, claims and investments, as well as risk capacity, financial reserving and operations. Climate change presents challenges to our ability to effectively underwrite, model and price catastrophe risk particularly if the frequency and severity of catastrophic events such as hurricanes, tornadoes, heatwaves, floods, wildfires and windstorms and other natural disasters continues to increase. For example, losses resulting from actual policy experience may be adverse as compared to the assumptions made in product pricing and our ability to mitigate our exposure may be reduced. Climate-related risks may also adversely impact the value of the securities that we hold or lead to credit risk of other counterparties we transact with, including reinsurers. Our reputation could also be negatively impacted as a result of changing and divergent customer or societal perceptions of organizations that we either insure or invest in due to their actions (or lack thereof) with respect to climate change, as well as political initiatives or other stakeholder expectations with respect thereto. In addition, lawmakers and regulators at the federal, state and local levels have imposed and may continue to impose new requirements or issue new guidance aimed at addressing or mitigating climate and other sustainability-related risks. Additional actions by foreign governments, regulators and international standard setters have expanded, and could substantially expand, the regulations, guidance or expectations to which we may be subject. Laws, regulations and guidance adopted in U.S. local, state, federal or foreign jurisdictions regarding these topics differ from one another and this results in us having to comply with differing or inconsistent laws, regulations and guidance across jurisdictions in which we operate. Additionally, climate-related litigation has increased in recent years. Many lawsuits center on enforcement or interpretation of environmental laws and regulations, often seeking to use litigation as a tool to influence governmental and corporate climate policies. Other cases seek damages for alleged contributions to climate change or for insufficient disclosure around material financial risks, which could cause us to experience increased claims under liability policies, such as casualty and directors and officers insurance policies, increase our liabilities and affect the viability of certain of our business lines. Furthermore, claims asserted against insureds have in the past, and may in the future, include alleged failure to manage risks associated with climate change, or that actions taken by the insured contributed to loss from the event. Such litigation may, through increased claims from our customers, adversely impact our business and results of operations. For more information regarding risks associated with legal proceedings, see Business and Operations "Significant legal or regulatory proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition." We have also faced and may continue to face business continuity risk as a result of climate change-related incidents that may disrupt business operations, including extreme weather events. We cannot predict the long-term impacts of climate change on our business and results of operations. For information regarding risks associated with other catastrophic events, see Reserves and Exposures Our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events as well as mass torts above. Concentration of our insurance, reinsurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects. We are exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in our insurance policies, investments, derivatives and other obligations that we undertake for customers and counterparties. Further, any risk management arrangements we employ to manage concentration risks, whether directly or through third parties, may not be available on acceptable terms or may prove to be ineffective. Our risk exposures under insurance policies, derivatives and other obligations are, from time to time, compounded by risk exposure assumed in the management of our investment portfolio. Also, our exposure for certain single risk coverages and other coverages may be so large that adverse experience compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or result in additional statutory capital requirements for our subsidiaries. Losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties may materially and adversely affect the value of our investments, our profitability and sources of liquidity. We are exposed to credit risk arising from exposures to various counterparties related to investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, certain businesses and reinsurance recoverables. These counterparties include, but are not limited to, issuers of fixed income and equity securities we hold, borrowers of loans we hold, customers, plan sponsors, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivatives instruments, reinsurers, corporate and governmental entities whose payments or performance we insure, joint venture partners, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, custodians, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, intra-group counterparties with respect to derivatives and other third parties, financial intermediaries and 16 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors institutions and guarantors. These counterparties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, financial distress, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other reasons. In addition, for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, options as well as "cleared" over-the-counter derivatives, we are generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant central counterparty clearing house and futures commission merchants through which we clear derivatives. Defaults by these counterparties on their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. An insolvency of, or the appointment of a receiver to rehabilitate or liquidate, a significant competitor could negatively impact our business if such appointment were to impact consumer confidence in our products and services. Additionally, if the underlying assets supporting the structured securities we invest in are expected to default or actually default on their payment obligations, our securities may incur losses. INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO AND CONCENTRATION OF INVESTMENTS Our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy, and the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Our investment portfolio s returns have benefited historically from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not currently exist and may not be repeated. Our results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our consolidated investment portfolio. For example, we have significant holdings of real estate and real estate-related investments, including residential mortgage- backed securities (both U.S. government-sponsored enterprise-issued and Non-Agency issued), and commercial mortgage-backed securities and whole loans. We also have significant exposures to domestic and global financial institutions, certain industries, such as consumer discretionary and non-discretionary, the U.S. federal, state and local government issuers and authorities, and various governments globally. Events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular industry, asset class, group of related industries or geographic region may adversely affect the valuation of our investments to the extent they are concentrated in such segments. Our ability to sell assets in such segments may be limited. Our investments are also subject to market risks and uncertainties, including, in addition to interest rate risk, changes in the level of credit spreads, currency rates and equity prices, each of which has affected and will continue to affect the value of investments in our investment portfolio as well as the performance of, and returns generated by, such investments. For information regarding risks associated with interest rate volatility, see Market Conditions above. Furthermore, our alternative investment portfolio, which is subject to volatility in equity markets, includes investments for which changes in fair value are reported through pre-tax income. An economic downturn or decline in the capital markets has had, and could in the future have, a material adverse effect on our investment income, including as a result of decreases in the fair value of alternative investments. We rely on investment management and advisory arrangements with third-party investment managers for the majority of our investment portfolio. The historical performance of any investment manager we engage should not be considered indicative of the future results of our investment portfolio. We rely on external investment managers to manage the majority of our investment portfolio, consisting of liquid fixed income securities, structured fixed income securities, certain private credit, private fund, joint venture and partnership investments, structured products, commercial real estate-related equity investments and commercial mortgage loans. Our investment managers are generally compensated based on the size of the investment portfolios that they manage, rather than based on investment profits or income. As a result, these investment managers are not directly incentivized to maximize investment returns. There can be no guarantee that any investment manager we engage will be able to achieve any particular returns or generate investment opportunities with attractive, risk-adjusted returns for our investment portfolio in the future. If any of our investment managers becomes unable to effectively manage our portfolio investments, the concentration of assets in our portfolio that are managed by it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, we have become more reliant on our external asset managers, and such increased dependence has reduced and may continue to reduce our internal capabilities and expertise or expose us to greater risk, including the risk that external asset managers may fail to meet our performance expectations or otherwise experience disruptions or losses. The valuation of our investments involves the application of methodologies and assumptions to derive estimates, which may differ from actual experience and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity or lead to volatility in our net income. It has been and may continue to be difficult to value those of our investments or derivatives that are not actively traded. There also may be cases where, due to the financial environment or market conditions, normally active markets become inactive or less active, which can result in insufficient observable data. As a result, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and judgment as well as valuation methods that are more complex. These values may not be realized in AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors a market transaction, may not reflect the value of the asset and may change very rapidly as market conditions change and valuation assumptions are modified. Decreases in value and/or an inability to realize that value in a market transaction or other disposition may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL AND CREDIT AIG Parent s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited, and our sources of liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be required by our subsidiaries. As a holding company, AIG Parent depends on dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund operations, pay dividends, repurchase shares, meet debt service obligations and meet the capital and liquidity needs of our subsidiaries. The majority of our investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries. Any inability by our subsidiaries to make dividend or other payments in an amount sufficient to enable AIG Parent to meet its cash requirements could have an adverse effect on our operations or our business, results of operations, financial condition, capital and liquidity. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to AIG Parent in the future will depend on their earnings, capital levels, tax considerations, covenants contained in any financing or other agreements, applicable regulatory restrictions and rating agency requirements. In addition, such payments could be limited as a result of claims against our subsidiaries by their creditors, including suppliers, vendors, lessors and employees. Additionally, our insurance subsidiaries may be limited in their ability to make dividend payments to AIG Parent in the future because of the need to meet their obligations or to support their own capital levels or because of regulatory limits and restrictions or changes in, or interpretations of, regulatory or rating agency standards. Any decision to pursue strategic changes or transactions in our business and operations may also subject our subsidiaries dividend plans to heightened regulatory scrutiny and could make obtaining regulatory approvals for extraordinary distributions by our subsidiaries, if required, more difficult. We are also subject to certain other restrictions on our capital from time to time. If our liquidity is insufficient to meet our needs, we may need to have recourse to third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity, which may not be available or could be expensive. The availability and cost of any additional financing at any given time depends on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and our credit ratings and credit capacity. It is also possible that, as a result of such increased recourse to external financing, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. If AIG Parent is unable to satisfy the required regulatory capital needs of a subsidiary, the subsidiary could become insolvent and be subject to supervisory actions by its regulator, including the appointment of a statutory receiver to assume control of and manage the business. The credit rating agencies could also downgrade the subsidiary s financial strength ratings. In the ordinary course of our business, we are required to post collateral for our insurance company subsidiaries from time to time. We may be required to post additional collateral due to regulatory changes from time to time, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For additional information on our liquidity, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Liquidity and Capital Resources. We may not be able to generate cash to meet our needs due to the illiquidity of some of our investments. We have a diversified investment portfolio. However, economic conditions as well as adverse capital market conditions, including a lack of buyers, the inability of potential buyers to obtain financing on reasonable terms, volatility, credit spread changes, interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rates and/or declines in collateral values have in the past impacted, and may in the future impact, the liquidity and value of our investments. We have investments, including certain fixed income, structured and privately placed securities as well as investments in private funds, joint ventures, mortgage loans and real estate, for which limited or no established trading markets exist, that are less liquid than other investments, or that limit or restrict, by their terms, our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of such investments. In the event these investments become stressed or distressed, our ability to exit them or otherwise preserve their value may be limited. If it became necessary to sell such assets in a stressed market environment, the prices achieved in any sale may be lower than their carrying value, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Adverse changes in the valuation of real estate and real estate-linked assets, volatility or deterioration of capital markets and widening credit spreads have in the past, and may in the future, materially adversely affect the liquidity and the value of our investment portfolios. In the event additional liquidity is required by one or more of our companies, it may be difficult for us to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or otherwise monetizing these or other investments at reasonable prices and time frames. 18 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors A downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Downgrades of the Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) ratings of our insurance companies could (i) prevent these companies from selling, or make it more difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, (ii) make it more difficult for them to obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing and other terms, and/or (iii) result in increased policy cancellations or return of premiums. A downgrade of the IFS ratings of our insurance companies could result in a downgrade of AIG Parent s credit ratings. In the event of a downgrade of AIG Parent s credit ratings, our financing costs will increase and the availability of financing could be limited. A downgrade could also cause our derivative counterparties to limit or reduce their exposure to us and thus reduce our ability to manage our market risk exposures effectively. These events could also trigger regulatory scrutiny and potential actions by our regulators. Any of the foregoing events could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For additional information on rating agency actions, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Liquidity and Capital Resources Financial Strength Ratings and Credit Ratings. BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS Our risk management policies, standards and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We have developed and continue to enhance enterprise-wide risk management policies, standards and procedures to identify, monitor and mitigate risk to which we are exposed. Our risk management policies, standards and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed. Many of our methods of identifying, measuring, underwriting and managing risks are based upon our study and use of historical market, applicant, customer, employee and bad actor behavior or statistics based on historical models. As a result, these methods may not accurately predict future exposures from events such as a major financial market disruption resulting from a natural or man-made catastrophe, that could be significantly different than the historical measures indicate, and which could also result in claims levels not previously observed. Establishing and maintaining adequate and disciplined underwriting standards is difficult and our efforts to do so may not be successful. We have and will continue to enhance our underwriting processes, including, from time to time, considering and integrating newly available sources of data to confirm and/or refine our traditional underwriting methods. Our efforts at implementing these improvements may not, however, be fully successful, which may adversely affect our competitive position. We have also introduced new product features designed to limit our risk and taken actions on in-force business, which may not be fully successful in limiting or eliminating risk. Moreover, our hedging programs and reinsurance strategies that are designed to manage risk rely on assumptions regarding our assets, liabilities, general market factors and the creditworthiness of our counterparties that could prove to be incorrect or inadequate. Our hedging programs utilize various hedging and derivative instruments, including but not limited to interest rate swaps, credit default swaps and foreign exchange forwards, which may not effectively or completely reduce our risk. Assumptions underlying models used to measure accumulations and support reinsurance purchases may prove inaccurate and could leave us exposed to larger than expected catastrophe losses in any given period. In addition, our current business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be sufficient to reduce the impact of pandemics, a major cyber-attack, including ransomware, and other natural or man-made catastrophic events. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients or other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record and verify large numbers of transactions and events in each jurisdiction in which we operate. Further, various jurisdictions have unique requirements with respect to AI, third-party engagement, business resiliency and environmental, social and governance matters as well as matters relating to data protection and cybersecurity, which may impact the efficacy of our standardized risk management tools and techniques. Therefore, our policies and procedures may not be fully effective, and accordingly, our risk management policies, standards and procedures may not adequately mitigate the risks to our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. If our risk management policies, standards and procedures are ineffective, we may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. As our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve, new risks emerge, including risks posed by the rapidly developing technology associated with AI and the implementation thereof within our operations, by our third-party vendors and by competitors, and unanticipated challenges with respect thereto. As a result, new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. The effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses, because of market stress or unanticipated financial market movements. In addition, there can be no assurance that we can effectively review and monitor all risks or that all of our employees will understand, follow and comply with our risk management policies and procedures. AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors Pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks and estimate related losses. Our business is dependent on our ability to price our products effectively and charge appropriate premiums and other charges. Pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors and assumptions, including proper evaluation of insurance risks, our expense levels, net investment income expected to be realized, our response to rate actions taken by competitors, legal and regulatory developments, the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes and inflation. Management establishes target returns for each product based upon the factors described above, certain underwriting assumptions and capital requirements, including statutory, GAAP and economic capital models. We monitor and manage pricing and sales to achieve target returns on new business, but we may not be able to achieve those returns. Additionally, the property and casualty insurance markets are historically cyclical and experience periods of relatively strong premium rates followed by periods of increased competition that drive premium rates down. Inadequate pricing and the difference between estimated results and actual results could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our operations and our financial condition. We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We use information technology systems, infrastructure, including energy supply, and networks and other operational systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and use customer, employee and company data and information. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems and networks to perform necessary business functions. In the event of a natural disaster, unauthorized or fraudulent access, a terrorist attack, a major cyber-attack or other disruption, our systems, networks, and data may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and we may be unable to meet our business obligations and regulatory requirements for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled, manipulated, destroyed or otherwise compromised. Additionally, some of our technology systems are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade, and in some cases may not be able to be fully protected or to implement the latest security patches. Supply chain disruptions or delays could prevent us from maintaining and implementing changes, updates and upgrades to our systems and networks in a timely manner or at all. System and network failures or outages, including with respect to third parties, have in the past compromised and could in the future compromise our ability to perform business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers and expose us to legal claims as well as regulatory investigations and sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Some of these technology systems also rely upon third-party systems and services, which themselves may rely on the systems and services of other third parties. Problems caused by, or occurring in relation to, our third-party providers systems and services, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in information technology services provided by our third-party providers and the other third parties on which they rely, our inability to acquire third-party services on commercially acceptable terms, failure of a third-party provider to perform as anticipated or in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, inability of a third-party provider to provide the required volumes of services or our third-party providers experiencing cyberattacks or data breaches, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Like other global companies, the systems and networks we maintain and third-party systems and networks we or our vendors use are currently, and may in the future continue to be, subject to or targets of unauthorized or fraudulent access, including physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering, as well as cybersecurity threats such as denial of service attacks, phishing, automated attacks, and other disruptive attacks, including ransomware. Cyber threats are constantly evolving and the techniques used in these attacks evolve rapidly, including the use of emerging technologies, such as advancing forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing by nation state threat actors and criminal organizations. The new cyber risks introduced by these changes in technology, such as deepfake schemes, require us to devote significant attention to identification, assessment and analysis of the risks and implementation of corresponding preventative measures. Additionally, the frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase and often become further heightened in connection with geopolitical tensions. Also, like other global companies, we have an increasing challenge of retaining and attracting highly qualified personnel to assist us in combatting these security threats. Our cybersecurity measures, including information security and technology policies and standards, administrative, technical and physical controls and other actions by us or contracted third-parties designed to be preventative, may not provide fully effective protection from threats to our data, systems and networks, including malware and computer virus attacks, ransomware, unauthorized access, business e-mail compromise, misuse, denial-of-service attacks, system failures and other disruptions. We maintain insurance to cover operational risks, such as cyber risk and technology outages, but it may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of information systems or personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised. In the case of a successful ransomware attack in which our data and information systems are compromised and applicable processes to restore access are not effective, our information could be held hostage until a ransom, which may be significant, is paid. In some cases, such a compromise may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to restore critical services, mitigate damage to assets and maintain the integrity and security of data including any policyholder, employee, agent, and other confidential information processed through our systems and networks. 20 AIG | 2025 Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors Additionally, since we rely heavily on information technology and systems (which is expected to increasingly include the use of artificial intelligence), on digital connectivity with trading partners, and on the integrity and timeliness of data to run our businesses and service our customers, any such security event and resulting compromise of systems or data have in the past and could in the future impede or interrupt our business operations and our ability to service our customers, and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Any actions we take to evaluate and enhance our information security and technology systems and processes, including third-party systems and services on which we rely, as well as changes designed to update and enhance our protective measures to address new threats, may not sufficiently decrease the risk of a system or process failure, and further, such changes may create a gap in the associated security measures during the change period. Any such system or process failure or security measures gap could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by secured email and other electronic means. We have been, and in the future may be, unable to keep such information confidential and secure, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect personal, confidential or proprietary information. Failure to secure or appropriately handle personally identifiable information or confidential or proprietary information has caused and could in the future cause a loss of data or compromised data integrity. In addition, such failure has and could subject us to litigation, investigations, sanctions, and regulatory and law enforcement action and other liability under U.S. and international laws and regulations, including remediation or other expenses. It could also result in reputational harm and loss of business. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Furthermore, several of our businesses are required to comply with laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the EU or other jurisdictions, or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees or others. The variety of applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations exposes us to heightened regulatory scrutiny, requires us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses in an effort to achieve and maintain compliance and will continue to impact our business in the future by increasing legal, operational and compliance costs. While we have taken steps to comply with privacy and information security laws, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will meet the evolving standards imposed by data protection authorities. If we are found not to be in compliance with these privacy and security laws and regulations, we may be subject to potential private consumer, business partner or securities litigation, regulatory inquiries, and governmental investigations and proceedings, including class-actions. Any such developments may damage our reputation and subject us to material fines and other monetary penalties and damages, divert management s time and attention, and lead to further enhanced regulatory oversight, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Additionally, we expect that developments in privacy and cybersecurity worldwide will increase financial and reputational implications in the event of a significant breach of our or our third-party suppliers information technology systems. For additional information on data protection and cybersecurity regulations, see Item 1. Business Regulation Privacy, Data Protection, Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence Requirements and Part II, Item 7. MD A Enterprise Risk Management Technology Risk Cybersecurity Risk. Our development and use of new technology, such as generative artificial intelligence, may present risks. We use artificial intelligence (AI) in our business, including applying generative AI to certain aspects of the underwriting and claims processes in certain lines of business, which may raise technological, security, legal, regulatory and other risks and challenges that may adversely affect our operations, business or reputation. Such risks include the misuse, inadvertent or otherwise, of personal data or other sensitive, confidential or proprietary information, flaws in our or third-party models or training datasets resulting in biased, inaccurate or unanticipated outcomes, ethical considerations regarding the use and deployment of AI technologies, potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or the dilution of our intellectual property, and challenges implementing appropriate governance controls to ensure the ongoing, safe deployment of AI systems. The market-wide development of AI tools is growing rapidly and we face competitive risks if our deployment of AI technologies is unable to keep pace with that of our competitors, or we fail to anticipate trends in the use of AI tools. AI technologies may be misused, and that risk is increased by the relative newness of the technology, the speed at which it is being adopted and ongoing uncertainty with respect to the laws, regulations and standards governing its development and deployment federally, across localities and states and internationally. Such misuse, and a realization of the previously mentioned risks, could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition and results of operations, the demand for our products and services, otherwise cause competitive harm and/or draw adverse legal and regulatory scrutiny. Insurers' use of AI is subject to existing regulations, and it is possible that the insurance industry will be subject to new or additional regulations and/or guidance regarding the development and use of AI technologies that could affect our operations in one or more jurisdictions. We cannot predict what, if any, regulatory actions will be taken with regard to the use of AI in our business, but any limitations may have a material impact on our underwriting and claims processes, our financial condition or our results of operations. Moreover, because some AI technologies are relatively new, such as generative AI, many of the potential risks regarding their use are currently unknown. As we expand the incorporation of AI AIG | 2025 Form 10-K 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1A | Risk Factors technologies in our business, these risks will be heightened. For additional information regarding regulation with respect to AI technologies, see Item 1. Business - Regulation - Privacy, Data Protection, Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence Requirements. For additional risks with respect to the use of AI , see Business and Operations We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, Regulation Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability, and Employees and Competition We face intense competition in each of our business lines, and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our businesses. Our foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. Through our operations, licenses and authorizations and network partners, we provide insurance solutions that help businesses and individuals in approximately 200 countries and jurisdictions protect their assets and manage risks. A substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the U.S., and we intend to continue to grow our business in strategic markets. Operations outside the U.S. have in the past been, and may in the future be, affected by elevated climate risks, regional economic downturns, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and foreign interest rates, geopolitical events or upheaval, sanctions policies, changes to international trade and/or tariff policies, nationalization and other restrictive government or regulatory actions, which could also affect our other operations. Our subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local r