=== OKE_2026-04-01.htm.gz ===
oke-20260331 0001039684 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares 0001039684 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 oke:PierceH.NortonIIMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 oke:PierceH.NortonIIMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001039684 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001039684 oke:PierceH.NortonIIMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001039684 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001039684 oke:PierceH.NortonIIMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001039684 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001039684 oke:TerryK.SpencerMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001039684 oke:PierceH.NortonIIMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001039684 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001039684 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 oke:TerryK.SpencerMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001039684 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001039684 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ________________________ SCHEDULE 14A ________________________ Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 ONEOK, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) NOT APPLICABLE ___________________________________________________________________________ (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Dear Shareholder April 1, 2026 At ONEOK, our commitment to responsible operations, disciplined and intentional growth and meaningful engagements with our stakeholders has remained paramount throughout our long history. We continue to embrace our philosophy of continuous improvement by working to enhance our operations in every area. You are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting of shareholders of ONEOK, Inc., which will be held at 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time on Wednesday, May 20, 2026. Our annual meeting will be held, as in prior years, as a virtual meeting only and will be conducted via live webcast. You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in person. By continuing to hold our annual meeting virtually, our shareholders will be able to join us from any location around the world, enabling increased shareholder attendance and participation, providing a cost savings to both us and our shareholders while contributing to our sustainability efforts by reducing the environmental footprint of our annual meeting. Information on how to virtually attend and participate in the annual meeting online via the live webcast platform is provided under About the 2026 Annual Meeting in the accompanying proxy statement. ANNUAL MEETING The matters to be considered and voted on at the meeting are set forth in the accompanying notice of the annual meeting and are described in the accompanying proxy statement. A report on our 2025 performance will be presented at the meeting. VOTING We look forward to welcoming as many of our shareholders as possible to the live webcast of our annual meeting. We know, however, that most of our shareholders will be unable to attend. Therefore, proxies are being solicited so that each shareholder has an opportunity to vote by proxy. You can authorize a proxy over the internet or by telephone or, if you received paper copies of these materials, by signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed envelope, which requires no postage if mailed in the United States. If you previously received our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, instructions regarding how you can vote are contained in that notice. Further instructions for using all of these convenient services are also included in the accompanying proxy statement. If your shares are held through a broker or similar person, unless you provide them with voting instructions, your shares will not be voted in the election of directors or in certain other important proposals as described in the accompanying proxy statement. Consequently, please provide your voting instructions to your broker or similar person in a timely manner to ensure that your shares will be voted. Regardless of the number of shares you own, your vote is important. I urge you to submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible so that you can be sure your shares will be voted. Thank you for your investment in ONEOK and your continued support. Very truly yours, Julie H. Edwards Board Chair ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 1 This page intentionally left blank. Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Items of Business To consider and vote on the election of the ten director nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement to serve on our Board of Directors. FOR To consider and vote on the ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of ONEOK, Inc., for the year ending December 31, 2026. FOR To consider and vote on the approval of our executive compensation on a non-binding, advisory basis. FOR We will also consider and vote on such other business as may come properly before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. These matters are described more fully in the accompanying proxy statement. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT The vote of every shareholder is important. The Board of Directors appreciates the cooperation of shareholders in directing proxies to vote at the meeting. To make it easier for you to vote, internet and telephone voting are available. If you previously received our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, instructions regarding how you can vote are contained in that notice. If you received a proxy card, you may vote by mail by completing your proxy card and returning it in the enclosed, postage-paid envelope. Further instructions describing how to use these convenient voting methods are also included in the accompanying proxy statement. You may revoke your proxy at any time by following the procedures set forth in the accompanying proxy statement. Whether or not you expect to virtually attend the meeting, we urge you to vote your shares at your earliest convenience. This will ensure the presence of a quorum at the meeting. Voting your shares promptly, via the internet, by telephone, or if you received a proxy card, by signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card will save us the expense of additional solicitation. By order of the Board of Directors, Sarah M. Rechter Secretary Tulsa, Oklahoma April 1, 2026 Time and Date May 20, 2026 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time Virtual Meeting Register online at www.proxydocs.com/oke Record Date March 23, 2026 Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting. Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be held on May 20, 2026. This notice of annual meeting, proxy statement, and our 2025 annual report to shareholders are being released to shareholders on or about April 1, 2026. This proxy statement and our 2025 annual report to shareholders are available on our website at www.oneok.com and www.proxydocs.com/oke . ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents This proxy statement describes important issues affecting our company and is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors for use at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders to be held at the time and place set forth in the accompanying notice. Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements 5 Web Links 5 Summary Proxy Information 6 About the 2026 Annual Meeting 16 Outstanding Stock and Voting 22 Matters to Be Voted Upon 22 Voting 22 Quorum 23 Votes Required 23 Revoking a Proxy 24 Proxy Solicitation 24 Governance of the Company 25 Corporate Governance Guideline s 25 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 25 Business Partner Code of Conduct 26 Director Independence 26 Board Leadership Structure 26 Lead Independent Director 27 Board Refreshment 27 CEO and Senior Management Succession Planning 27 Corporate Strategy 28 Shareholder Engagement 28 Risk Oversight 28 Corporate Sustainability Oversight 29 Human Capital Management Oversight 30 Cybersecurity and Physical Security 30 Board and Committee Membership 32 Director Nominations 36 Director Compensation 37 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 39 Executive Sessions of the Board 39 Annual Board and Committee Evaluations 39 Communications with Directors 40 Complaint Procedures 40 Corporate Sustainability 41 Corporate Sustainability Oversi ght 42 Environment, Safety and Health Commitment 44 Human Capital Management 47 Community Investments 49 Political Advocacy and Oversight 50 Election of Directors 51 Board Refreshment 51 Annual Election by Majority Vote 52 Board Qualifications 52 Our Director Nominees 53 Summary of Director Qualifications and Experience 54 Director Nominees 56 Ratify the Selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Year Ending December 31, 2026 64 Ratification of Selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 64 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 65 Audit Committee Policy on Services Provided by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 65 2026 Report of the Audit Committee 66 Stock Ownership 67 Holdings of Major Shareholders 67 Holdings of Officers and Directors 68 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 69 Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis 70 Executive Summary 70 Executive Compensation Philosophy 72 Executive Compensation Methodology 74 Components of Compensation 79 2025 Compensation Decisions 81 2025 Short-Term Incentive Awards 81 2025 Long-Term Incentive Awards 85 Payout of 2022-2025 Performance Units 88 Clawback Policy 88 Securities/Insider Trading Policy 89 Share-Ownership Guidelines 89 Change in Control Benefits 90 Internal Revenue Service Limitations on Deductibility of Executive Compensation 91 2026 Report of the Executive Compensation Committee 91 Executive Officer Compensation 92 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 94 Outstanding Equity Awards 95 Stock Vested 97 Pension Benefits 97 Potential Post-Employment Payments and Payments Upon a Change in Control 100 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 105 Introduction 105 Our Executive Compensation Program 105 Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation 106 Related-Person Transactions 107 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 108 Pay Versus Performance Tabular List of Most Important Financial Performance Measures 110 Shareholder Proposals 111 Annual Report on Form 10-K 111 Other Matters 111 4 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements As used in this proxy statement, references to the "company" "we," "our," "us" or "ONEOK" refer to ONEOK, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, and its predecessors and subsidiaries, including Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. ("Magellan"), Elk Merger Sub II, L.L.C. ("EnLink"), and Medallion Parent Holdings, L.L.C. ("Medallion"), each a wholly-owned subsidiary of ONEOK, Inc., unless the context indicates otherwise. Any statements in this proxy statement that are not historical information, including statements concerning plans and objectives of management for future operations, economic performance or related assumptions, are forward-looking statements made under the provision of the Safe Harbor section of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipates, believes, "commits," continues, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, goal, guidance, intends, may, might, outlook, plans, potential, projects, scheduled, should, target, will, would and other words and terms of similar meaning. Although we believe that our expectations regarding future events are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that such expectations or assumptions will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are described under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Forward-Looking Statements, in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain statements contained in this proxy statement, particularly pertaining to our environmental, social and governance and/or sustainability performance, goals, targets and initiatives, are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including regarding gathering and verification of information and related methodological considerations; our ability to implement various initiatives under expected timeframes, cost, and complexity; our dependency on third-parties to provide certain information and to comply with applicable laws and policies; and other unforeseen events or conditions. These factors, as well as others, may cause results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We do not undertake and specifically disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required under applicable law. Additionally, certain information provided herein or elsewhere, such as our website, is informed by various standards and frameworks (including for the measurement of underlying data) and the interest of various stakeholders. Such information is not necessarily material under the federal securities laws for Securities and Exchange Commission reporting purposes, even if significant or if we use language of materiality. In particular, materiality is used in varying senses in the sustainability context. Much of this information is subject to assumptions, estimates or third-party information that is still evolving and subject to change. For example, our disclosures based on certain standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable government policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. We cannot guarantee that our disclosures, under such standards or otherwise, will necessarily align with the preferences or interpretations of any particular stakeholder. Web Links Web links throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and information on the company s website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Summary Proxy Information To assist you in reviewing the company s 2025 performance and voting your shares, we would like to call your attention to key elements of our 2026 proxy statement and our 2025 annual report to shareholders. The following is only a summary. For more complete information about these topics, please review the complete 2026 proxy statement and our 2025 annual report to shareholders. At ONEOK, our commitment to responsible operations, disciplined and intentional growth and meaningful engagements with our stakeholders has remained paramount throughout our long history. Business Highlights Our Business We are incorporated under the laws of the state of Oklahoma, and our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the trading symbol OKE. We deliver energy products and services vital to an advancing world. We are a leading midstream service provider of gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation, storage and marine export services. Through our approximately 60,000-mile pipeline network, we transport the natural gas, natural gas liquids ( NGLs ), refined products and crude oil that help meet domestic and international energy demand, contribute to energy security and provide safe, reliable and responsible energy solutions needed today and into the future. As one of the largest integrated energy infrastructure companies in North America, we are delivering energy that makes a difference in the lives of people in the U.S. and around the world. Our Growth Journey Since September 2023, ONEOK has embarked on a transformative journey of growth, closing a series of acquisitions that have strengthened our position as an energy industry leader. The acquisition of Magellan in September 2023 diversified the company s assets, adding refined products and crude oil businesses to ONEOK s portfolio. Building on this momentum, ONEOK further bolstered its portfolio in 2024 and 2025 with acquisitions of a Gulf Coast NGL pipeline system from Easton Energy and the acquisitions of Medallion and EnLink. These acquisitions expanded and extended our integrated position in some of the most prolific basins in the U.S. including the Permian Basin with connectivity to critical energy demand hubs across the country like the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast. Our growth strategy is intentional and disciplined, and we are well-positioned for the future. Pierce H. Norton II ONEOK President and CEO 6 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Proxy Information Intentional and Disciplined Asset Growth LEGEND Natural Gas Liquids Natural Gas Pipelines a Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Refined Products Crude Oil Marine Terminal Growth Project 2023 Asset Map Our Assets Today (a) (a) Acquisitions reflected: Magellan (September 25, 2023); NGL pipelines from Easton Energy (June 17, 2024); Medallion (October 31, 2024); EnLink Midstream (January 31, 2025). Business Update and Market Conditions We operate primarily fee-based businesses in each of our four reportable segments (Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; Refined Products and Crude; Natural Gas Liquids; and Natural Gas Pipelines), and our consolidated earnings were approximately 90% fee-based in 2025. Fee-based earnings are primarily a function of throughput volumes across our system and associated contractual rates. Over the past few years, we experienced significant growth from organic growth opportunities and our acquisitions. Our extensive and integrated assets are located in, and connected with, some of the most productive shale basins, as well as refineries and demand centers, in the United States. Financial Performance Our 2025 consolidated operating income was approximately $5.7 billion, compared with approximately $5.0 billion in 2024. 2025 net income was approximately $3.5 billion compared with 2024 net income of approximately $3.1 billion. Consolidated Operating Income $Millions Net Income $Millions ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Summary Proxy Information Dividends During 2025, we paid common stock dividends totaling $4.12 per share, an increase of 4% compared with the prior year. In February 2026, we paid a quarterly common stock dividend of $1.07 per share ($4.28 per share on an annualized basis), an increase of 4% compared with the same quarter in the prior year. Our dividend growth is primarily due to the increase in cash flows resulting from the growth of our operations. Annual Dividends Paid Per Share $Per Share Shareholder Return Our one-, three-, five- and ten-year total shareholder returns as of December 31, 2025 (total shareholder return includes share price appreciation/depreciation, dividend reinvestments, and stock splits during the periods presented), compared with the referenced indices, are as follows: 1-year 3-year 5-year 10-year ONEOK, Inc. S P 500 Index ONEOK Inc. Peer Group (1) (1) The ONEOK peer group used in this graph is the same peer group that will be used in determining our level of performance at the end of the three-year performance period for our 2025 performance units granted under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2018 EIP") and our 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2025 EIP" and, together with the 2018 EIP, the "EIP"), and is comprised of the following companies: Antero Midstream Corporation; DT Midstream, Inc.; Energy Transfer LP; Enterprise Products Partners L.P.; Kinder Morgan, Inc.; Kinetik Holdings Inc.; MPLX LP; Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.; Targa Resources Corp.; Western Midstream Partners, LP; and The Williams Companies, Inc. Return percentages for this group are based on a market capitalization weighted average. 8 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Proxy Information Corporate Governance Highlights Our Board of Directors (the Board ) and management are committed to maintaining strong corporate governance practices that promote and protect the long-term interests of our shareholders. Our corporate governance practices are designed not only to satisfy regulatory and stock exchange requirements, but also to provide for effective oversight and management of our company, and include: Independent Board Chair with robust duties Currently a twelve-member Board with diverse experience and expertise Eleven of twelve current directors are independent Regular executive sessions of independent directors at Board and committee meetings Commitment to proactive Board refreshment with four new directors added in the last three years All Board committees are composed of independent directors Directors are limited to two other public company directorships Annual Board and committee performance evaluations Non-employee director stock ownership guidelines require at least 5x annual cash retainer Quarterly committee oversight of cybersecurity resilience Succession planning for senior management Robust risk management framework with multiple layers of risk assessment and mitigation Board and committees regularly review sustainability practices Annual review of committee charters and Corporate Governance Guidelines One class of outstanding shares with each share entitled to one vote Annual advisory approval of executive compensation Shareholder proxy access right by eligible shareholders Majority voting with director resignation policy for uncontested elections ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Summary Proxy Information Board Refreshment Two of our current Board members, Gerald B. Smith and Pattye L. Moore, will not be standing for re-election at this annual meeting of shareholders. Ms. Moore, who has served as a director since 2002, has elected to retire at the end of her term, which will end immediately prior to the annual meeting. Mr. Smith, who has served as a director since 2020, will retire in accordance with our By-laws and Corporate Governance Guidelines providing that a director will retire from the Board no later than immediately prior to the annual meeting of shareholders following that director's 75th birthday. In addition, on January 21, 2026, our Board appointed Mark A. McCollum and Precious Williams Owodunni as directors effective January 23, 2026. Both new directors are independent and are being nominated for election at this annual meeting of shareholders. See pages 56 through 63 for more information on our nominees, including our first-time nominees, Mr. McCollum and Ms. Owodunni. Our Corporate Governance Committee regularly and actively evaluates the Board s and each committee s composition to help ensure that we maintain a cohesive Board with diverse experience, skills, expertise and tenure to meet the current needs of the company and its businesses. Our Board succession planning and refreshment practices are carried out through various thoughtful steps throughout the year. For example, among other things, our Corporate Governance Committee and Board: Regularly review the appropriate experience, skills, expertise and tenure for directors in the context of the current make-up of the Board and the needs of the company, Assess our current directors experience, skills, expertise, independence and tenure, and Consider the results of our Board and committee evaluation processes when evaluating Board and committee composition. The Corporate Governance Committee s work on director succession and refreshment has resulted in four new directors being added to our Board since 2023 . This intentional approach has resulted in a mix of experience, skills, expertise and tenure that promotes and supports the Company s long-term growth strategy. 10 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Proxy Information Risk Oversight by the Board, including regular engagement with and updates by our chief executive officer ( Chief Executive Officer or CEO ), executive management and others and a comprehensive annual Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) process that encompasses the identification and assessment of a broad range of risks and the development of plans to mitigate these risks. Such risks generally relate to strategic, operational, financial, regulatory compliance, climate-related considerations, corporate sustainability, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence ("AI") and human capital management aspects of our business. Cybersecurity risks are communicated and discussed with our Board periodically in conjunction with our overall ERM program. Our Internal Audit group provides periodic updates to our Audit Committee on testing completed to meet the Transportation Security Administration ("TSA") requirements. As part of its oversight responsibilities, our Board also receives frequent updates from executive management on our company s physical and cybersecurity efforts, including AI-related matters. Corporate Sustainability Oversight by the Board, including regular engagement with and updates by our CEO, executive management and others. Our Board receives regular updates on corporate sustainability, including environmental, safety and health performance, community leadership and investment, and oversight of public policy engagement. Our Board conducts a biannual examination of the company s sustainability practices, performance, risks and opportunities. Such examinations have been incorporated into the company's Corporate Governance Committee Charter and take place at the Board s May and July meetings. In 2025, these examinations covered topics such as environmental, safety and health performance, mechanical integrity, process safety, integration and continuous improvement plans, greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission trends, GHG emissions reduction performance, new regulatory requirements and sustainability-related shareholder engagements. Human Capital Management Oversight by the Board, including regular engagement with and updates by our CEO, executive management and others. Our Board conducts a biannual examination of the company s human capital management practices, performance, risks and opportunities. Such examinations have been incorporated into the company's Executive Compensation Committee Charter and take place at the Board s May and November meetings. In 2025, these examinations covered topics such as workforce inclusion, people, culture, talent recruitment, integration, engagement, development, succession, employee benefits, business resource groups, community, awards and recognition. Lobbying and Political Activities Oversight, including regular reviews conducted by our Board and Corporate Governance Committee. Our oversight process facilitates accountability and transparency concerning our lobbying and political activities. As a company, we do not make corporate contributions to (i) political candidates, parties, committees or campaigns, or (ii) 501(c)(4) organizations formed for political purposes. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Summary Proxy Information Executive Compensation Highlights Program Design A principal feature of our compensation program is the determination of executive pay by the Executive Compensation Committee and the Board based on a comprehensive review of quantitative and qualitative factors designed to achieve long-term business success and competitiveness. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, motivate and retain the key executives who guide our success and who are leaders in the industry, to reward individual and company performance and to align the long-term interests of our executive officers with those of our shareholders. Our compensation philosophy and related governance features are summarized below. What We Do What We Don t Do Compensation Program Continuity The components of our executive compensation program have remained substantially stable for several years. We believe our program is designed appropriately, is well aligned with the interests of our shareholders and is key to achieving our business goals. We periodically evaluate the effectiveness of our program and its alignment with our business strategy and market practices. Independent Committee Determination Our Executive Compensation Committee, composed solely of independent directors, makes all compensation recommendations regarding each named executive officer. These recommendations are then submitted to the Board for its consideration and approval. Prudent Risk Management The Committee designs compensation programs and sets compensation targets intended to discourage excessive risk-taking. Pay-for-Performance A significant portion of the compensation for our named executive officers is in the form of at-risk, variable compensation based on company and individual performance, with a focus on creating long-term shareholder value. Competitive Compensation In order to attract and retain qualified executives, our compensation programs provide a competitive overall total rewards opportunity. Multiple Performance Metrics Variable compensation is based on more than one measure to encourage balanced incentives. Awards Are Capped All of our variable compensation plans have caps on payouts. Retention-Based Incentives A significant portion of total compensation is subject to multi-year vesting requirements. Share-Ownership Guidelines We have market competitive share-ownership guidelines for our directors and officers. Clawback Provisions We have a clawback policy complying with Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) and the corresponding NYSE listing standards that require recovery of erroneously awarded compensation. In addition to the mandatory clawback provisions, our clawback policy permits the discretionary recovery of incentive-based cash and any equity compensation in the event of fraud, negligence or intentional misconduct that directly or indirectly results in a material restatement of all or a portion of our financial statements. Tally Sheets The Committee reviews total compensation tally sheets at least annually as part of making individual compensation decisions. Independent Consultan t The Committee engages a compensation consultant that is independent under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and the NYSE listing standards to provide advice and expertise on the design and implementation of our executive and director compensation programs. Double Trigger Vesting of Equity Awards in a Change in Control Under our EIP, a change in control will not automatically trigger vesting of outstanding equity awards unless the acquirer does not assume or replace the outstanding awards. Rather, participants must experience a qualifying termination of employment within two years following a change in control for an award to vest. No Individual Employment Agreements We do not enter into individual employment agreements with our named executive officers. No Hedging of Company Stock Our securities/insider trading policy prohibits insiders, including our named executive officers, from engaging in hedging activities with respect to our stock. No Pledging of Company Stock Our officers and directors may not hold our securities in a margin account or pledge our securities as collateral for a loan. No Tax Gross-ups We do not provide tax gross- ups for change in control benefits. No Significant Perquisites Our executive officers, including the named executive officers, receive no recurring significant perquisites or other personal benefits. 12 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Proxy Information Key Components of Our Executive Compensation Program in 2025 Remain Stable In designing our 2025 executive compensation program, our Executive Compensation Committee considered, among other factors, the strong shareholder approval at our 2025 annual meeting in favor (93.3% of the total shares voted, including abstentions) of our 2024 executive compensation program and our executive pay practices. In view of this high level of shareholder support, the Executive Compensation Committee determined that only minimal changes to the components of our executive compensation program were necessary in 2025. Our shareholders have provided consistently strong support for our compensation program since the inception of the say-on-pay advisory shareholder vote. 93.3% Say-on-Pay 2025 Annual Meeting Approval Alignment of Executive Compensation and Performance We structure our executive compensation program to align the interests of our named executive officers with the interests of our shareholders. We believe a named executive officer s compensation should be tied directly to the achievement of our strategic, financial and operating goals, all of which are designed to deliver value to our shareholders. Therefore, a significant part of each named executive officer s pay is at-risk in the form of an annual, short-term, cash incentive award and long-term, equity-based incentive awards. Our Board, upon the recommendation of our Executive Compensation Committee, awarded Mr. Norton incentive compensation for 2025 as our President and Chief Executive Officer, including payment of an annual short-term cash incentive award of $1.6 million and the grant of a long-term equity incentive award with a grant date target value of $10 million. Consistent with our executive compensation philosophy, most of Mr. Norton s total direct compensation of approximately $12.6 million for 2025 was incentive-based and at-risk, as illustrated by the chart on the right. (For more details, see pages 78 , 92 ) 2025 CEO Compensation Consistent with our executive compensation philosophy, most of 2025 total direct compensation for our named executive officers other than Mr. Norton was incentive-based and at-risk, as illustrated by the chart on the right. (For more details, see pages 78 , 92 ) Average Pay Mix Other Named Executive Officers * Long-Term Equity Award values do not include special restricted unit grants or sign-on grants. "2025 Long-Term Incentive Awards" beginning at page 85 . Mr. Norton did not receive a special restricted unit award. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Summary Proxy Information Shareholder Actions Election of Directors You will find in this proxy statement important information about the qualifications and experience of the ten director nominees, each of whom is a current director. The Corporate Governance Committee performs an annual assessment of the performance of the Board to ensure that our directors have the skills and experience to effectively oversee our company. All of our directors have proven leadership, sound judgment, integrity and a commitment to the success of our company. Our Board recommends that shareholders VOTE IN FAVOR of each nominee for election. Ratification of Our Independent Auditor You will also find in this proxy statement important information about our independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. We believe PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP continues to provide high-quality service to our company. Our Board recommends that shareholders VOTE IN FAVOR of ratification. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation Our shareholders have the opportunity to cast a non-binding, advisory vote to approve our executive compensation program. As recommended by our shareholders at our 2023 annual meeting, we provide our shareholders with an annual opportunity to vote on executive compensation. Shareholders holding 93.3% of our shares that were voted on our executive compensation program, including abstentions, at our 2025 annual meeting supported the design and practices of our executive compensation program. In evaluating this say- on-pay proposal, we recommend that you review our Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this proxy statement (beginning on page 70 ), which explains how and why the Executive Compensation Committee made its 2025 executive compensation decisions. Our Board recommends that shareholders VOTE IN FAVOR of our executive compensation program. 14 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Proxy Information Votes Required for Approval of the Proposals The votes required for each proposal are summarized below, together with information regarding treatment of abstentions and broker non-votes for each proposal: Proposal How does the Board recommend that shareholders vote? Votes required for approval when quorum is present Abstentions Broker non-votes 1. Election of Directors The Board recommends that you vote FOR each nominee for election. Majority of the votes cast by shareholders present online or by proxy and entitled to vote Do not count as votes cast and have no effect on the outcome of the vote Do not count as votes cast and have no effect on the outcome of the vote 2. Ratification of our Independent Auditor The Board recommends that you vote FOR the ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Majority of the voting power of shareholders present online or by proxy and entitled to vote Have the same effect as votes against this proposal There are no broker non-votes on the auditor proposal because it is a routine item. Shares not voted in the discretion of a brokerage firm or similar person have the same effect as votes against this proposal 3. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation The Board recommends that you vote FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the company s executive compensation program. Majority of the voting power of shareholders present online or by proxy and entitled to vote Have the same effect as votes against this proposal Do not count as shares entitled to vote and have no effect on the outcome of the vote ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 15 About the 2026 Annual Meeting The following questions and answers are provided for your convenience and briefly address some commonly asked questions about our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. Please also consult the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement and the documents referred to in this proxy statement. Why Did I Receive These Proxy Materials? We are providing these proxy materials in connection with the solicitation by the Board of proxies to be voted at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders and at any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. You are invited to attend our annual meeting of shareholders on May 20, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time. This year s meeting will be held as a virtual meeting only and will be conducted via live webcast. You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in person. By continuing to hold our annual meeting virtually, our shareholders will be able to join us from any location around the world, enabling increased shareholder attendance and participation, providing a cost savings to both us and our shareholders while contributing to our sustainability efforts by reducing the environmental footprint of our annual meeting. Who is Soliciting My Proxy? Our Board is sending you this proxy statement in connection with its solicitation of proxies for use at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. Certain of our directors, officers and employees also may solicit proxies on our behalf in person or by mail, telephone, fax or email. How Do I Attend the Annual Meeting? The annual meeting will be held as a virtual meeting only. You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in person. In order to virtually attend the annual meeting online, shareholders must register online at www.proxydocs.com/oke . As part of the registration process, you will need to enter the 16-digit control number found on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (or "Internet Notice"), your proxy card, voting information form or notice you previously received. Those holding their shares through an intermediary, such as a bank, broker or nominee, who want to participate should request a 16-digit control number from their intermediary in advance of the meeting. Upon completion of your registration, you will receive further instructions via email, including a unique link that will allow you access to the annual meeting and to vote and submit questions during the annual meeting. On the day of the annual meeting, May 20, 2026, shareholders may begin to log in to the live webcast platform 15 minutes before the meeting starts. The annual meeting will start promptly at 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time. We will have technicians ready to assist you with any technical difficulties you may have accessing the annual meeting. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the live webcast platform, including any difficulties voting or submitting questions, you may reference a frequently asked questions link that will be posted in your instructional email. A shareholder may also call a technical support number which is provided within the frequently asked questions site. If there are any technical issues in convening or hosting the annual meeting, we will promptly issue a news release and post information to our website at www.oneok.com on the Investors page, including information on when the meeting will be reconvened. Who May Attend and Vote at the Annual Meeting? All shareholders who held shares of our common stock at the close of business on March 23, 2026, may attend and vote at the meeting using the methods described above and below. 16 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement About the 2026 Annual Meeting How Do I Submit Questions at the Annual Meeting? It is our desire for the live webcast platform to approximate an in-person experience. Shareholders who have logged in to the live webcast platform may ask questions at or before the annual meeting in accordance with the rules of conduct that will be made available on the live webcast platform. An audio archive of the annual meeting, including the question-and-answer session, will be posted to our website at www.oneok.com on the Investors page within a few days after adjournment. We will endeavor to answer as many questions submitted by shareholders as time permits. We reserve the right to edit profanity or other inappropriate language and to exclude questions regarding topics that are not pertinent to meeting matters or company business. If we receive substantially similar questions, we may group such questions together and provide a single response to avoid repetition. How Do Shareholders of Record Cast Their Vote? If you were a shareholder of record at the close of business on the record date of March 23, 2026, you have the right to vote the shares you held of record that day online during the annual meeting. To cast your vote online, you must complete the registration process described above; log in to the live webcast platform and follow the voting instructions on the live webcast platform. You may also appoint a proxy through the internet, by telephone or by mail to vote your shares on your behalf. The internet and telephone methods of voting generally are available 24 hours a day and will ensure that your proxy is confirmed and posted immediately. These methods of voting are also available to shareholders who hold their shares in our Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan and our 401(k) Plan. You may revoke your proxy at any time before the annual meeting by following the procedures outlined below under the caption What can I do if I change my mind after I vote my shares? Please help us save time and postage costs by appointing a proxy via the internet or by telephone. When you appoint a proxy via the internet, by telephone or by mailing a signed proxy card, you are appointing Julie H. Edwards, Board Chair, and Lyndon C. Taylor, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Assistant Secretary, as your representatives at the annual meeting, and they will vote your shares as you have instructed them. If you appoint a proxy via the internet, by telephone or by mailing a signed proxy card but do not provide voting instructions, your shares will be voted FOR the election of each proposed director nominee named in this proxy statement, and FOR Proposals 2 and 3. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 17 About the 2026 Annual Meeting To appoint a proxy to vote your shares on your behalf, please select from the following options: Voting Options Via the Internet Go to the website at www.proxypush.com/oke , which is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, until 11:59 p.m. Central Daylight Time on May 19, 2026. Enter the 16-digit control number that appears on your Internet Notice or your proxy card. This process is designed to verify that you are a shareholder and allows you to vote your shares and confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded. Follow the simple instructions. If you appoint a proxy via the internet, you do not have to return your proxy card. By Telephone On a touch-tone telephone, call toll-free 1-866-883-3382, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, until 11:59 p.m. Central Daylight Time on May 19, 2026. Enter the 16-digit control number that appears on your Internet Notice or your proxy card. This process is designed to verify that you are a shareholder and allows you to vote your shares and confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded. Follow the simple recorded instructions. If you appoint a proxy by telephone, you do not have to return your proxy card. By Mail Mark your selections on the proxy card that you may have received by mail. Date and sign your name exactly as it appears on your proxy card. Mail the proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope, if you received hard copies of the proxy materials. If mailed, your completed and signed proxy card must be received prior to the commencement of voting at the annual meeting. What if My Shares Are Held by My Broker or Similar Person? If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a similar person, your shares are considered to be held in street name. If you held shares in street name as of the record date of March 23, 2026, this proxy statement and our 2025 annual report to shareholders should have been forwarded to you by your broker or similar person, together with a voting instruction card. You have the right to direct your broker or similar person how to vote your shares by using the voting instruction card or by following any instructions provided by your broker or similar person for voting via the internet or by telephone. Under the rules of the NYSE, unless you provide your broker or similar person with your instructions on how to vote your shares, they will be permitted to exercise their discretion to vote your shares only on the ratification of the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 2) and will not be able to vote your shares on any of the other matters to be presented at the annual meeting. Consequently, unless you respond to their request for your voting instructions in a timely manner, your shares held through your broker or similar person will not be voted on any of these other matters (which is referred to as a broker non-vote ). Please provide your voting instructions to your broker or similar person so that your shares may be voted. 18 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement About the 2026 Annual Meeting What Can I Do if I Change My Mind After I Vote My Shares? If you were a shareholder of record at the close of business on the record date of March 23, 2026, you have the right to revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the meeting by: notifying our corporate secretary in writing; authorizing a later proxy via the internet or by telephone; returning a later-dated proxy card; or voting online at the meeting. If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a similar person, you may revoke any voting instructions you may have previously provided only in accordance with revocation instructions provided by your broker or similar person. Is My Vote Confidential? Proxy cards, ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual shareholders are mailed and returned directly to our stock transfer agent who is responsible for tabulating the vote in a manner that protects your voting privacy. It is our policy to protect the confidentiality of shareholder votes throughout the voting process. The vote of any shareholder will not be disclosed to our directors, officers or employees, except: to meet legal requirements; to assert or defend claims for or against us; or in those limited circumstances where: a proxy solicitation is contested (which, to our knowledge, is not the case in connection with the 2026 annual meeting), a shareholder writes comments on a proxy card, or a shareholder authorizes disclosure. The vote tabulator and the inspector of the election has been, and will remain, independent of us. This policy does not prohibit shareholders from disclosing the nature of their votes to our directors, officers or employees, or prevent us from voluntarily communicating with our shareholders, ascertaining which shareholders have voted or making efforts to encourage shareholders to vote. Who Will Count the Vote? Representatives of our stock transfer agent, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC ("EQ") will tabulate the votes and act as the inspector of the election. How Is Common Stock Held in Our 401(K) Plan Voted? In order to vote shares of our common stock held through our 401(k) Plan, you must instruct the trustee of the 401(k) Plan, Fidelity Management Trust Company, how to vote those shares by providing your instructions via the internet, by telephone or by mail in the manner outlined above. If you fail to provide your instructions or if you return an instruction card with an unclear voting designation or with no voting designation at all, the trustee will vote the shares in your account in proportion to the way the other participants in the 401(k) Plan vote their shares. These votes receive the same confidentiality as all other shares voted. To allow sufficient time for voting by the trustee of our 401(k) Plan, your voting instructions must be received by 11:59 p.m. Central Daylight Time on May 17, 2026. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 19 About the 2026 Annual Meeting How Will Shares for Which a Proxy is Appointed Be Voted on any Other Business Conducted at the Annual Meeting That Is not Described in This Proxy Statement? Although we do not know of any business to be considered at the 2026 annual meeting other than the proposals described in this proxy statement, if any other business is properly presented at the annual meeting, your proxy gives authority to Julie H. Edwards, Board Chair, and Lyndon C. Taylor, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Assistant Secretary, to vote your shares on such matters at their discretion. What Shares Are Included on the Internet Notice or the Proxy Card(s)? The shares included on your Internet Notice or proxy card(s) represent all of the shares that you owned of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2026, including those shares held in our Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan, but excluding any shares held for your account by Fidelity Management Trust Company, as trustee for our 401(k) Plan. If you do not authorize a proxy via the internet, by telephone or by mail, your shares, except for those shares held in our 401(k) Plan, will not be voted. Please refer to the discussion above for an explanation of the voting procedures for your shares held in our 401(k) Plan. What Does It Mean if I Receive More Than One Internet Notice or Proxy Card? If your shares are registered differently and are in more than one account, you will receive more than one Internet Notice or proxy card. Please vote all shares covered by each Internet Notice or proxy card by signing and returning all proxy cards, or appointing a proxy via the internet or by telephone, to ensure that all your shares are voted. We encourage you to have all accounts registered in the same name and address whenever possible. Why Did We Receive Just One Copy of the Internet Notice or the Proxy Statement and Annual Report When We have More Than One Stock Account in Our Household? For all shares held through a broker or similar person (or held in "street name"), we have adopted a procedure approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission called householding. This procedure permits us to send a single copy of the Internet Notice or the proxy statement and annual report to a household if the shareholders provide written or implied consent. Shareholders who hold their shares in street name with multiple accounts that share the same last name and household mailing address will receive a single copy of shareholder documents (Internet Notice, annual report, proxy statement, or other informational statement) unless we are instructed otherwise. Shareholders will continue to receive a separate Internet Notice or proxy card for each stock account. If you hold shares through a broker, bank, or other nominee and wish to receive a separate Notice of Internet Availability, proxy statement, and annual report for each account, you must revoke your consent to householding by contacting such broker, bank, or other nominee. You may also contact Broadridge Financial Services, Inc. by telephone at 1-866-540-7095 or in writing at Broadridge Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. Any revocation of consent to householding will be effective 30 days following receipt thereof. In addition, upon written or oral request, we will promptly deliver a separate copy of the proxy statement to any shareholder residing at an address to which a single copy was delivered. Requests should be mailed to Sarah Rechter, Secretary, ONEOK, Inc., 100 West Fifth Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74103. 20 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement About the 2026 Annual Meeting Is there a List of Shareholders Entitled to Vote at the Annual Meeting? The names of shareholders of record entitled to vote at the annual meeting will be available for examination by any shareholder for a purpose germane to the meeting at the annual meeting via the live webcast platform and for 10 days prior to the meeting between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. Central Daylight Time at our principal executive offices at 100 West Fifth Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74103, and may be viewed by contacting our corporate secretary. May I Access the Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement, 2025 Annual Report and Accompanying Documents on the Internet? This notice of annual meeting, proxy statement and our 2025 annual report to shareholders are being made available on or about April 1, 2026. This proxy statement and our 2025 annual report to shareholders are also available on our website at www.oneok.com . Additionally, in accordance with rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, you may access this proxy statement, our 2025 annual report to shareholders and any other proxy materials at www.proxydocs.com/oke . If you received an Internet Notice by mail, you will not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials unless you specifically request them. Instead, the Internet Notice will instruct you on how to access and review all of the important information contained in the proxy statement and the 2025 annual report to shareholders. The Internet Notice also will instruct you on how you may submit your proxy over the Internet. If you received an Internet Notice by mail and would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials, you should follow the instructions for requesting such materials contained in that notice. If you received printed copies of our proxy materials, instructions regarding how you can vote are contained on the proxy card included in the proxy materials. Instead of receiving future copies of our proxy and annual report materials by mail, shareholders may elect to receive an email that will provide electronic links to these proxy and annual report materials. Opting to receive your proxy materials online will save us the cost of producing and mailing documents to your home or business and also will give you an electronic link to the proxy voting site. You may log on to www.proxypush.com/ oke and follow the prompts to enroll in the electronic proxy delivery service. If you hold your shares in a brokerage account, you also may have the opportunity to receive copies of these documents electronically. Please check the information provided in the proxy materials mailed to you by your broker or other holder of record of your shares regarding the availability of this service. What Out-of-Pocket Costs Will ONEOK Incur in Soliciting Proxies? Sodali Co, 333 Ludlow St., 5th Floor, South Tower, Stamford, Connecticut 06902, will assist us in the distribution of proxy materials and solicitation of votes for a fee of $11,000, plus out-of-pocket expenses. We also reimburse brokerage firms, banks and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable expenses in forwarding proxy materials to our shareholders. We will pay all costs of soliciting proxies. How Can I Find Out the Results of the Voting at the Annual Meeting? Preliminary voting results will be announced at the annual meeting. Voting results will be published in a Current Report on Form 8-K that we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within four business days after the annual meeting. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Outstanding Stock and Voting Matters to be Voted Upon At the annual meeting, the following matters will be voted upon: 1. The election of each of the ten nominees for director named in this proxy statement to serve a one-year term; 2. The ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026; and 3. The advisory vote to approve executive compensation. We will also consider and vote on such other business as may come properly before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. Voting Only shareholders of record at the close of business on March 23, 2026, are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the annual meeting. As of that date, 630,030,624 shares of our common stock were outstanding. Each outstanding share entitles the holder to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders at the meeting. Shareholders of record may vote online or by proxy at the annual meeting. All properly submitted proxies received prior to the commencement of voting at the annual meeting will be voted in accordance with the voting instructions contained on the proxy. Shares for which signed proxies are properly submitted without voting instructions will be voted: 1. FOR the election of each of the ten nominees for director named in this proxy statement to serve a one-year term; 2. FOR the ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026; and 3. FOR the advisory vote to approve executive compensation. While we know of no other matters that are likely to be brought before the meeting, in the event any other business properly comes before the meeting, proxies will be voted at the discretion of the persons named in the proxy, Julie H. Edwards and Lyndon C. Taylor. Ms. Edwards and Mr. Taylor were designated by the Board to serve as proxies. To vote shares held in street name through a broker or similar person, a shareholder must provide voting instructions to them. Brokerage firms and similar persons are required to request voting instructions for shares they hold on behalf of their customers and others. We encourage you to provide instructions to your brokerage firm or similar person on how to vote your shares. If your shares are held in street name, to be able to vote those shares online at the annual meeting, you must obtain a proxy, executed in your favor, from the broker or similar person who held those shares as of the close of business on March 23, 2026. The rules of the NYSE determine whether proposals presented at shareholder meetings are routine or non-routine. If a proposal is routine, a broker or similar person holding shares for an owner in street name may vote for the proposal without receiving voting instructions from the owner under certain circumstances. If a proposal is non-routine, the broker or similar person may vote on the proposal only if the owner has provided voting instructions. A broker non-vote occurs when the broker or similar person is unable to vote on a proposal because the proposal is non-routine and the owner has not provided voting instructions. Under the rules of the NYSE, Proposals 1 and 3 are considered to be non-routine, and Proposal 2 is considered to be routine. Accordingly, if you do not provide voting instructions to your brokerage firm or similar person holding your shares, they will not be permitted under the rules of the NYSE to vote your shares on Proposals 1 and 3, and will be permitted to vote your shares only on Proposal 2 at their discretion. Please provide your voting instructions to your broker or similar person so that your shares may be voted. Representatives of our stock transfer agent, EQ will be responsible for tabulating and certifying the votes cast at the meeting. 22 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Outstanding Stock and Voting Quorum The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at the annual meeting, present online or by proxy, constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the annual meeting. In determining whether we have a quorum, we count abstentions and broker non-votes as present. If a quorum is not present at the scheduled time of the meeting, the shareholders who are present online or by proxy may adjourn the meeting until a quorum is present. If the time and place of the adjourned meeting are announced at the time the adjournment is taken, no other notice need be given. However, if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if a new record date is set for the adjourned meeting, notice will be given to each shareholder entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the meeting. Votes Required Proposal 1 Election of Directors Our By-laws provide for majority voting for directors in uncontested elections. We expect that the election of directors at our 2026 annual meeting will be uncontested. Under the majority voting standard, the election of directors is decided by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to that nominee s election by the shareholders present online or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote for the election of directors. In other words, to be elected a nominee must receive a number of for votes that exceeds the number of against votes cast with respect to that director s election. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, do not count as for or against votes cast with respect to the election of directors. Under Oklahoma law, if an incumbent director who is a nominee does not receive, in an uncontested election, the requisite majority vote to be elected at an annual meeting, that director remains in office as a holdover director. However, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that such a director must promptly, following certification of the shareholder vote, tender his or her resignation to our Board. The Board, excluding the director who tendered the resignation, will then evaluate the resignation in light of the best interests of our company and our shareholders in determining whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. In reaching its decision, the Board may consider any factors it deems relevant, including the director s qualifications, the director s past and expected future contributions to the company, the overall composition of the Board and whether accepting the tendered resignation would cause the company to fail to comply with any applicable rule or regulation (including NYSE listing requirements and the federal securities laws). The Board will act on the tendered resignation and publicly disclose its decision and rationale within 90 days following certification of the shareholder vote. Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Year Ending December 31, 2026 In accordance with our By-laws, approval of Proposal 2 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shareholders present online or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal at the meeting. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes against Proposal 2. If you do not provide voting instructions to your brokerage firm or similar person holding your shares, they will be permitted to vote your shares on Proposal 2 at their discretion. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Outstanding Stock and Voting Proposal 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation In accordance with our By-laws, approval of Proposal 3 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shareholders present online or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal at the meeting. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes against Proposal 3. If you do not provide voting instructions to your brokerage firm or similar person holding your shares, they will not be permitted to vote your shares on Proposal 3. Broker non-votes do not count as shares entitled to vote for purposes of determining the outcome of the vote on Proposal 3. Revoking a Proxy Any shareholder may revoke his or her proxy at any time before it is voted at the meeting by (i) notifying our corporate secretary in writing (the mailing address of our corporate secretary is 100 West Fifth Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74103), (ii) authorizing a later proxy via the internet or by telephone, (iii) returning a later dated proxy card or (iv) voting online at the meeting. A shareholder s presence without voting at the annual meeting will not automatically revoke a previously delivered proxy and any revocation during the meeting will not affect votes previously taken at the meeting. If your shares are held by a brokerage firm or similar person, you may revoke any voting instructions you may have previously provided in accordance with the revocation instructions provided by the broker or similar person. Proxy Solicitation Solicitation of proxies will be primarily by mail and telephone. We have engaged Sodali Co, 333 Ludlow St., 5th Floor, South Tower, Stamford, Connecticut 06902, to solicit proxies for a fee of $11,000, plus out-of-pocket expenses. In addition, certain of our officers, directors and employees may solicit proxies on our behalf in person or by mail, telephone, fax or email, for which such persons will receive no additional compensation. We will pay all costs of soliciting proxies. We will also reimburse brokerage firms, banks and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable expenses in forwarding proxy materials to our shareholders. In connection with our solicitation of proxies for our 2027 annual meeting, we intend to file a proxy statement and WHITE proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Shareholders may obtain our proxy statement (and any amendments and supplements thereto) and other documents as and when filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission without charge from the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at: www.sec.gov . 24 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Governance of the Company Our Board and management are committed to maintaining strong corporate governance practices that allocate rights and responsibilities among our Board, management and shareholders in a manner that benefits the long-term interest of our shareholders. Our corporate governance practices are designed not only to satisfy regulatory and stock exchange requirements but also to provide for effective oversight and management of our company. Our Corporate Governance Committee engages in a regular process of reviewing our corporate governance practices, including comparing our practices with those recommended by various corporate governance authorities, the expectations of our shareholders and the practices of other leading public companies. Our Corporate Governance Committee also regularly reviews our corporate governance practices in light of proposed and adopted laws and regulations, including the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the rules and listing standards of the NYSE. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that address key areas of our corporate governance, including, among others: the Board s mission and responsibilities; Board membership and leadership; the structure and function of the Board s committees; meetings of the Board and its committees, including attendance requirements and executive sessions; Board compensation; Board and officer share-ownership requirements; succession planning; evaluation of the performance of our Board; and Board access to management and independent advisors. Our Board annually reviews our Corporate Governance Guidelines and may revise the guidelines from time to time as conditions warrant. The full text of our Corporate Governance Guidelines is published on and may be printed from our website at www.oneok.com and is also available from our corporate secretary upon request. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The foundation of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ("Code"), titled ONE Way to Work, is built upon our core values. Directors, officers (including our principal executive and financial officers, principal accounting officer, controllers and other persons performing similar functions) and employees are required to adhere to our Code in addressing the legal and ethical issues encountered in conducting their work for our company. The Code covers subjects such as workplace conduct, insider trading, conflicts of interest, inclusion, environmental protection and sustainability, health and safety at work, community support and human rights, use of company assets, confidential information and intellectual property, data privacy, fair competition, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, gifts and entertainment, financial integrity and government interactions, among others. The Code is fully digital and interactive allowing directors, officers and employees to easily navigate to other relevant company policies or to report violations of the Code. All employees, directors and officers are required annually to complete Code training and to certify that they are in compliance with the Code and are not aware of any non-compliance. In addition, they are required to report any conduct that they believe to be an actual or apparent violation of our Code. The full text of our Code is published on and may be printed from our website at www.oneok.com and is also available from our corporate secretary upon request. We intend to disclose on our website any future amendments to, or waivers from, our Code, with respect to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the listing standards of the NYSE. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Governance of the Company Business Partner Code of Conduct Our business partners, whether a supplier, consultant, vendor, contractor, agent or other third-party provider, act as an extension of our business and share the responsibility to work ethically and to continually reflect our Mission, Vision and Core Values. Accordingly, the company implemented a Business Partner Code of Conduct ( Business Partner Code ), titled ONE Way to Partner, to help guide our business partners throughout our partnership. ONEOK expects all business partners to comply with the Business Partner Code and with all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and industry standards. The Business Partner Code addresses topics such as health and safety, workforce inclusion, conflicts of interest, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and human rights. It is also fully digital and interactive allowing business partners to easily navigate content. All business partners seeking to work with us are provided the Business Partner Code and must acknowledge their compliance with the Business Partner Code. Business partners are encouraged to contact ONEOK Compliance and Ethics or the ONEOK Hotline with questions or concerns and may do so anonymously. The full text of our Business Partner Code is published on and may be printed from our website at www.oneok.com . Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a majority of our Board will be independent under the applicable independence requirements of the NYSE. These guidelines and the rules of the NYSE provide that, in qualifying a director as independent, the Board must make an affirmative determination that the director has no material relationship with our company, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with our company. In making this determination with respect to each director serving on the Executive Compensation Committee, the Board is required, under the rules of the NYSE, to consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether the director has a relationship with our company that is material to that director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a member of that committee. Our Board has also adopted Director Independence Guidelines that specify the types of relationships the Board has determined to be categorically immaterial. Directors who meet these standards are considered to be independent. The full text of our Director Independence Guidelines is published on and may be printed from our website at www.oneok.com and is also available from our corporate secretary upon request. Our Board has determined affirmatively that Board members Brian L. Derksen, Julie H. Edwards, Lori A. Gobillot, Mark W. Helderman, Randall J. Larson, Mark A. McCollum, Pattye L. Moore, Precious Williams Owodunni, Eduardo A. Rodriguez, Gerald B. Smith, and Wayne T. Smith have no material relationship with our company, and each qualifies as independent under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Director Independence Guidelines and the rules of the NYSE. Accordingly, eleven out of our twelve directors as of the date of this proxy statement qualify as independent. Board Leadership Structure During 2025, Julie H. Edwards continued to lead our Board as an independent Board Chair. Each of our Audit Committee, Corporate Governance Committee and Executive Compensation Committee was also chaired by an independent director. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board retains the authority, in its discretion, to combine or separate the offices of Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer. Our Board reviews the issue as a part of its succession-planning process, based on the individuals then available and the circumstances then presented. The Board believes it is advantageous for the Board to maintain the flexibility to determine the issue on a case-by-case basis and, if necessary, to change the Board leadership structure at any time if it determines doing so is in the best interests of our company and our shareholders. 26 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Governance of the Company Lead Independent Director Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if the offices of the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer are combined, or if the company has a non-independent Board Chair, or in the absence of a Board Chair, the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee shall serve as the lead independent director. Our guidelines also specify the duties of the lead independent director. In addition, the lead independent director, if any, has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors and, if requested by major shareholders, will be made reasonably available by the company for consultation and direct communication with such shareholders. With Ms. Edwards serving as independent Board Chair, the company does not currently have a lead independent director. Board Refreshment Two of our current Board members, Gerald B. Smith and Pattye L. Moore, will not be standing for re-election at this annual meeting of shareholders. Ms. Moore, who has served as a director since 2002, has elected to retire at the end of her term, which will end immediately prior to the annual meeting. Mr. Smith, who has served as a director since 2020, will retire in accordance with our By-laws and Corporate Governance Guidelines providing that a director will retire from the Board no later than immediately prior to the annual meeting of shareholders following that director's 75th birthday. In addition, on January 21, 2026, our Board appointed Mark A. McCollum and Precious Williams Owodunni as directors effective January 23, 2026. Both new directors are independent and are being nominated for election at this annual meeting of shareholders. See, pages 56 through 63 for more information on our nominees, including our first-time nominees, Mr. McCollum and Ms. Owodunni. The Corporate Governance Committee's work on director succession and refreshment have resulted in four new directors being added to the Board since 2023. Our Corporate Governance Committee regularly and actively evaluates the Board s and each committee s composition to help ensure that we maintain a cohesive Board with diverse experience, skills, expertise and tenure to meet the current needs of the company and its businesses. This intentional approach has resulted in a mix of experience, skills, expertise and tenure that promotes and supports the Company's long-term growth strategy. CEO and Senior Management Succession Planning A key responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer and the Board is ensuring that an effective process is in place to provide continuity of leadership over the long-term at all levels in our company. Each year, succession-planning reviews are held at significant organizational levels of the company, culminating in a full review of senior leadership talent by our independent directors. During this review, the Chief Executive Officer, the Board Chair and the independent directors discuss future candidates for senior leadership positions, succession timing for those positions and development plans for the highest-potential candidates. On an ongoing basis, the Chief Executive Officer, the Board Chair and the independent directors provide recommendations to the Board as to the company's plan of succession for the Chief Executive Officer and other senior executive officers in the event of death, disability, removal or resignation. This process ensures continuity of leadership over the long-term, and it forms the basis on which our company makes ongoing leadership assignments. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Governance of the Company Corporate Strategy Our Board is actively involved in overseeing, reviewing and guiding our corporate strategy. Our Board formally reviews our company s business strategy, including the risks and opportunities facing our company and its businesses, at an annual strategic planning session. In addition, long-range strategic issues, including the performance and strategic fit of our businesses, are discussed as a matter of course at regular Board meetings. Our Board regularly discusses corporate strategy with management throughout the year, formally as well as informally, and during executive sessions of the Board as appropriate. As discussed in Risk Oversight below, our Board views risk management and oversight as an integral part of our strategic planning process, including mapping key risks to our corporate strategy and seeking to manage and mitigate risk. Our Board also views its own composition as a critical component to effective strategic oversight. Accordingly, our Board and relevant Board committees consider our business strategy and the company s regulatory, geographic and market environments when assessing Board composition, director succession, executive compensation and other matters of importance. Shareholder Engagement Our Board believes that accountability to shareholders is a mark of good corporate governance and that regular shareholder engagement is important to our company s success. Our company s management team and investor relations department frequently engage with shareholders on a variety of topics, with particular focus on matters relating to our company s publicly disclosed strategy and financial performance. During 2025, members of our management team and our investor relations department participated in approximately 20 investor conferences or events and held approximately 530 discussions with investment firms. Our management team and investor relations department also engage with shareholders to discuss matters relating to governance, compensation, safety, the environment, social responsibility and other current and emerging issues that the Board and our management understand are important to our shareholders. In addition to this direct engagement, our company also maintains a number of complementary mechanisms that allow our shareholders to effectively communicate with our Board, including: Conducting the election of directors annually with a majority voting standard; Conducting an annual advisory vote to approve executive compensation; Maintaining an investor relations website; Regular meetings by our management team and investor relations department with investors and analysts; Permitting shareholders to submit recommendations of prospective candidates for nomination by our Board for election at the annual meeting of shareholders in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines; Permitting shareholders to nominate candidates for election at the annual meeting of shareholders in accordance with our By-laws; Permitting proxy access by eligible shareholders in accordance with our By-laws; and Providing shareholders the ability to attend and voice opinions at the annual meeting of shareholders. Risk Oversight Enterprise Risk Management We engage in an annual comprehensive ERM process designed to identify and manage risk. Our annual ERM assessment is designed to enable our Board to establish a mutual understanding with management of the effectiveness of our risk-management practices and capabilities, to review our risk exposure and to elevate certain key risks for discussion at the Board level. Risk management is an integral part of our annual strategic planning process, which addresses, among other things, the risks and opportunities facing our company. 28 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Governance of the Company Our ERM program is overseen by our chief financial officer. The program is designed to identify, assess, monitor and manage risks that could affect our ability to fulfill our business objectives or execute our corporate strategy. Our ERM process encompasses the identification and assessment of a broad range of risks and the development and implementation of plans to mitigate these risks. Such risks generally relate to strategic, operational, financial, regulatory compliance, climate-related considerations, corporate sustainability, cybersecurity, AI-related matters and human capital management aspects of our business. Not all risks can be dealt with in the same way. Some risks may be easily perceived and controllable. Other risks are unknown. Some risks can be avoided or mitigated by particular behavior, and some risks are unavoidable as a practical matter. For some risks, the potential adverse impact would be minor and, as a matter of business judgment, it may not be appropriate to allocate significant resources to avoid the risk. In other cases, the potential adverse impact could be significant, and it is prudent to expend resources to seek to avoid or mitigate the risk. Management is responsible for identifying risk and risk controls related to our significant business activities, mapping the risks to our corporate strategy, and developing programs and recommendations to determine the sufficiency of risk identification, the balance of potential risk to potential reward and the appropriate manner in which to control and mitigate risk. The Board implements its risk-oversight responsibilities by having management provide periodic briefing and informational sessions on the significant risks our company faces and the ways in which our company is seeking to control and mitigate those risks. In some cases, as with risks relating to significant acquisitions, risk oversight is addressed as part of the full Board s ongoing engagement with our CEO and management. The Board annually reviews a management assessment of the various operational and regulatory risks facing our company, their relative magnitude and management s plan for mitigating these risks. This review is conducted in conjunction with the Board s review of our company s business strategy at its annual strategic planning meeting and at other meetings as appropriate. Management Risk Oversight and Strategy Committee We also maintain a Risk Oversight and Strategy Committee, which consists of members of our senior management. This committee is responsible for ensuring that our exposure to commodity price and interest rate risks, as well as risks associated with marketing, trading, hedging practices, and long-term contractual commitments are monitored within the framework established by our company policies. The committee is also responsible for developing and implementing marketing and hedging strategies designed to mitigate or manage those risks within acceptable risk thresholds. Board Committee Risk Oversight In certain cases, a Board committee is responsible for oversight of specific risk topics. For example, the Audit Committee oversees risk issues associated with our overall financial reporting and disclosure process and legal compliance, as well as reviewing policies and procedures on risk control assessment and accounting-risk exposure, including our companywide risk control activities. The Audit Committee meets with our chief financial officer, chief enterprise services officer, chief accounting officer, chief legal officer, and our vice president, audit services, as well as with our independent registered public accounting firm, in separate executive sessions at least three times during the year at meetings at which risk issues are discussed. In addition, our Executive Compensation Committee oversees risks related to our compensation programs, as discussed in greater detail elsewhere in this proxy statement, and our Corporate Governance Committee oversees risks related to our governance practices and policies. Corporate Sustainability Oversight Our Board provides key leadership, guidance and diverse energy industry and business expertise as it oversees executive management s development and implementation of the company s sustainability practices. This oversight includes regular engagement with and updates by our CEO, executive management and others. Our Board also conducts a biannual examination of the company s sustainability practices, performance, risks and opportunities. Such examinations have been incorporated into the company s Corporate Governance Committee Charter and take place at the Board s May and July meetings. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Governance of the Company In 2025, these examinations covered topics such as environmental, safety and health performance, mechanical integrity, process safety, integration and continuous improvement plans, GHG emission trends, GHG emissions reduction performance, new regulatory requirements and sustainability-related shareholder engagements. For more information regarding the Board s oversight of Corporate Sustainability, the company s sustainability governance structure, and the associated roles and responsibilities various groups and/or individuals play within that structure, see pages 42 - 50 . Human Capital Management Oversight Our Board provides key leadership, guidance and diverse energy industry and business expertise as it oversees executive management s development and implementation of the company s human capital management practices. This oversight includes regular engagement with, and updates by, our CEO, executive management and others. Our Board also conducts a biannual examination of the company s human capital management practices, performance, risks and opportunities. Such examinations have been incorporated into the company s Executive Compensation Committee Charter and take place at the Board s May and November meetings. In 2025, these examinations covered topics such as workforce inclusion, people, culture, talent recruitment, integration, engagement, development, succession, employee benefits, business resource groups, community, awards and recognition. For more information regarding the Board s human capital management oversight and the company s human capital resources, measures and objectives, see pages 47 - 48 . Cybersecurity and Physical Security Protecting Our Assets ONEOK takes a cross-disciplinary approach to cybersecurity and physical security. We use systems and procedures designed to protect our physical and cyber assets as well as to enhance business continuity and disaster recovery preparedness. Securing company assets is critical to ONEOK s commitments to: Provide safe work environments for employees and contractors; Protect the personal information of its employees, contractors and customers; Act as a responsible member of the communities where we operate; Provide reliable service to customers; and Create value for stakeholders. Security Leadership and Governance Security is governed by the Security Advisory Team, an executive advisory committee composed of company officers, including our chief executive officer, our chief financial officer and our chief enterprise services officer. The Security Advisory Team meets regularly to evaluate ongoing security threats and incidents, to define policy and to prioritize initiatives. Identified cybersecurity threats and incidents are monitored and assessed for materiality by this cross-functional Security Advisory Team. This assessment includes whether our Board should be informed of a threat or incident. 30 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Governance of the Company The Security Advisory Team is chaired by our vice president of cybersecurity and physical security who has more than 20 years of relevant experience in the field of cyber and physical security. In his role, our vice president of cybersecurity and physical security also supervises efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which include briefings from internal security personnel, alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our technology infrastructure and threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external cybersecurity service providers. Our vice president of cybersecurity and physical security reports to our executive vice president and chief enterprise services officer, who is responsible for cybersecurity, information technology, enterprise optimization and innovation, among other responsibilities. Before joining ONEOK, our executive vice president and chief enterprise services officer held information technology positions of increasing responsibility. Cybersecurity risks are communicated and discussed with our Board at least annually in conjunction with our overall ERM program. Internal Audit provides periodic updates to the Audit Committee on testing completed to meet TSA requirements. As part of its oversight responsibilities, our Board also receives frequent updates from executive management on our company s physical and cybersecurity efforts. Cybersecurity Our annual ERM process encompasses the identification and assessment of a broad range of risks, including cybersecurity, and the development and testing of controls to mitigate these risks. Our ERM assessment is designed to enable our Board to establish a mutual understanding with management of the effectiveness of our risk-management practices and capabilities, to review our risk exposures and to elevate certain key risks for discussion at the Board level. Our ERM program is overseen by our chief financial officer. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated with our ERM program and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the ERM program to other legal compliance, strategic, operational and financial risk areas. Our security program generally incorporates the guidelines of the widely utilized National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, though this does not imply we meet any particular technical standards, specifications or requirements. On a regular basis, we engage consultants, including external legal counsel and cybersecurity firms, to conduct penetration tests and architecture design reviews. In addition, we conduct risk assessments of enterprise third-party software and cloud vendors by utilizing security questionnaires prior to procurement. Critical Infrastructure Security ONEOK is an essential critical infrastructure business, and cybersecurity is a top priority for our company's leadership and Board. Much of the cybersecurity surrounding our critical infrastructure environment is regulated by the TSA through specific pipeline security directives and regular inspections by the agency. Physical Security ONEOK implements a risk-based physical security program focused on the protection of people and assets. This includes participation in the TSA's Pipeline Security Guidelines and collaboration with a number of agencies at a federal, state and local level. ONEOK also uses technology as part of its physical security strategy. This includes video surveillance, as well as access control systems that limit facility and office entry to approved individuals and provide a record of individuals in a workspace at any given time. ONEOK has standardized physical security technology across our operations, including deploying common ID-badge technology. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Governance of the Company Employee and Contractor Security Training We provide training to help employees and contractors recognize and avoid potential security threats, and all employees are required to complete annual, job-specific security training. The following are examples of our security training: Industrial Control Systems (ICS): Employees operating and monitoring ONEOK ICS assets are required to complete training on specific threat indicators in the ICS environment and practices for identifying and responding to threats. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA): ONEOK requires training on the policies and procedures it maintains to safeguard protected health information (PHI) in accordance with HIPAA. All individuals who may have access to PHI are required to complete annual training and to maintain other physical, technological and procedural safeguards. SecuritySense Program: All employees are encouraged to participate in a monthly training course that covers a variety of security topics such as active shooter awareness, phishing awareness, ransomware recognition and prevention, and physical security at ONEOK facilities. Crisis Management and Resiliency ONEOK maintains detailed procedures covering crisis management, emergency response and incident communication, and management conducts drills to practice and evaluate crisis response efforts. Drills provide ONEOK and participating authorities an opportunity to test crisis response preparedness, coordinate efforts and identify areas for improvement. Board and Committee Membership Our business, property and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Members of our Board are kept informed of our business through discussions with our Chief Executive Officer and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them periodically and in connection with Board and committee meetings, by visiting our offices and our operating facilities, and by participating in meetings of the Board and its committees. During 2025, the Board (including its committees) held 19 regular meetings and three special meetings. At times during 2025, such meetings were held in-person, telephonically and virtually. Each of our incumbent directors who served on the Board during 2025 attended at least 95% of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board and Board committees on which they served in 2025. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that all members of our Board are expected to attend our annual meeting of shareholders. All members of our Board attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, which was held virtually. The Board has three standing committees consisting of the Audit Committee, the Executive Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee. These standing committees met in-person, telephonically and virtually at times during 2025. Our Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews the composition and membership of each standing committee of the Board. Such a review took place in May 2025, but no changes to the composition of the standing committees were instituted at that time. Our Board has adopted written charters for each of its Audit, Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees. Copies of these committee charters are available on and may be printed from our website at www.oneok.com . Copies are also available from our corporate secretary upon request. The primary responsibilities of our standing committees are summarized below. Pursuant to our By-laws, the Board, in its discretion, may form other committees. 32 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Governance of the Company The Audit Committee The Audit Committee represents and assists our Board with the oversight of the integrity of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independence, qualifications and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of our internal audit function. All members of our Audit Committee are independent under the independence requirements of the NYSE and the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to audit committee members. The Board has determined that Brian L. Derksen, Mark W. Helderman, Mark A. McCollum and Wayne T. Smith are each an Audit Committee financial expert under the applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Audit Committee Responsibilities NUMBER OF MEETINGS IN 2025: 5 Committee Members: Brian L. Derksen (Chair) Lori. A. Gobillot Mark W. Helderman Mark A. McCollum (1) Wayne T. Smith (1) Mark A. McCollum was named to the Audit Committee upon his election to the Board in January 2026. The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, without limitation: Appointing, compensating, retaining and overseeing our independent auditor, including review of their qualifications, independence and performance; Reviewing the scope, plans and results relating to external audits of our financial statements and our internal control over financial reporting; Reviewing the internal audit function, its performance, the adequacy of its resources and the areas of internal audit emphasis; Monitoring and evaluating our financial condition; Monitoring and evaluating the integrity of our financial reporting processes and procedures; Assessing our significant financial risks and exposures and evaluating the adequacy of our internal controls in connection with such risks and exposures, including, but not limited to, internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; Reviewing policies and procedures on risk-control assessment and accounting risk exposure, including our companywide risk control activities; Periodically reviewing significant (as determined by the Audit Committee) transactions between the company or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries and any related party; Establishing procedures for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters, and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission to the Audit Committee by the company s employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; and Reviewing our computerized information systems, applications and related controls and our tax planning efforts, taxing authority developments, pending audits and the adequacy of tax reserves. Our independent registered public accounting firm reports directly to our Audit Committee. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Governance of the Company The Executive Compensation Committee Our Executive Compensation Committee is responsible for establishing and periodically reviewing our executive and director compensation policies and practices. All members of our Executive Compensation Committee are independent under the independence requirements of the NYSE applicable to compensation committee members. Executive Compensation Committee Responsibilities NUMBER OF MEETINGS IN 2025: 4 Committee Members: Eduardo A. Rodriguez (Chair) Randall J. Larson Pattye L. Moore Precious Williams Owodunni (1) Gerald B. Smith (1) Precious Williams Owodunni was named to the Executive Compensation Committee upon her election to the Board in January 2026. The primary responsibilities of the Executive Compensation Committee include, without limitation: Reviewing, determining and approving the chief executive officer's compensation based on the Board s evaluation, and recommending to our Board the compensation of our other executive officers; Recommending to our Board the compensation for Board members; Assessing the risks associated with our compensation program; Reviewing the competitive position of, and approving material changes to, the company s plans, systems, policies, programs and practices relating to compensation and benefits; Establishing and reviewing periodically the company s compensation strategy; and Reviewing the company s management of human capital. Our Executive Compensation Committee meets periodically during the year to review our executive- and director-compensation policies and practices. The Committee also annually recommends to the Board the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officers. The compensation group in our corporate human resources department, in consultation with our Chief Executive Officer, supports the Executive Compensation Committee in its work. During 2025, the Executive Compensation Committee continued the engagement of Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ( Meridian Compensation Partners ) as an independent compensation consultant to assist the Committee in its evaluation of the amount and form of compensation paid in 2025 to our Chief Executive Officer, other executive officers and directors. Meridian Compensation Partners reported directly to the Executive Compensation Committee. For more information on executive compensation and the role of this consultant, see Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Compensation Methodology The Role of the Independent Compensation Consultant at pages 75 - 76 . 34 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Governance of the Company The Corporate Governance Committee Our Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing our company s governance, including the selection of directors and the Board s practices and effectiveness. All members of our Corporate Governance Committee are independent under the independence requirements of the NYSE. Corporate Governance Committee Responsibilities NUMBER OF MEETINGS IN 2025: 3 Committee Members: Randall J. Larson (Chair) Brian L. Derksen Lori A. Gobillot Mark W. Helderman Mark A. McCollum (1) Pattye L. Moore Precious Williams Owodunni (1) Eduardo A. Rodriguez Gerald B. Smith Wayne T. Smith (1) Mark A. McCollum and Precious Williams Owodunni were named to the Corporate Governance Committee upon their respective elections to the Board of Directors in January 2026. The primary responsibilities of the Corporate Governance Committee include, without limitation: Identifying and recommending qualified director candidates, including qualified director candidates suggested by our shareholders in written submissions to our corporate secretary in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our By-laws and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission; Making recommendations to the Board with respect to electing directors and filling vacancies on the Board; Implementing an effective process for director selection and tenure by making recommendations on the Board s organization and practices and by aiding in identifying and recruiting director candidates; Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the organization, structure, size, composition and operation of the Board and its committees; In consultation with our Board Chair, our Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Compensation Committee, overseeing management succession and development; Reviewing the company s legislative affairs and political activities; Monitoring compliance with our policies on ethical business conduct; Reviewing our corporate aviation policy; Reviewing our sustainability practices, performance, risks and opportunities; Reviewing our cybersecurity practices, risks and preparedness; and Reviewing, assessing risk and making recommendations with respect to other corporate governance matters. ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Governance of the Company Director Nominations Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board is responsible for selecting candidates for Board membership, and the screening process is delegated to the Corporate Governance Committee. The Corporate Governance Committee, with recommendations and input from our Board Chair, our Chief Executive Officer and members of our Board, evaluates the qualifications of each director candidate and assesses the appropriate mix of skills, qualifications and characteristics required of Board members in the context of the perceived needs of the Board at a given point in time. The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for recommending candidates for nomination by the Board for election as members of our Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that candidates for nomination by the Board must be committed to devoting the time and effort necessary to be productive members of the Board and that, in nominating candidates, the Board will endeavor to maintain a mix of viewpoints and experiences that includes, but is not limited to, the following areas of core competency: accounting and finance; investment banking; business judgment; management; energy industry knowledge; crisis response; international business; leadership; strategic vision; technology; law; and corporate relations. The Corporate Governance Committee s charter provides that it has the responsibility, in consultation with the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer, to search for, recruit, screen, interview and select candidates for the position of director as necessary to fill vacancies on the Board or the additional needs of the Board and to consider management and shareholder recommendations for candidates for nomination by the Board. In carrying out this responsibility, the Corporate Governance Committee evaluates the qualifications and performance of incumbent directors and determines whether to recommend them for election to the Board. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee determines, as necessary, the portfolio of skills, experience, perspective and background required for the effective functioning of the Board considering our business strategy and our regulatory, geographic and market environments. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines contain a policy regarding the Corporate Governance Committee s consideration of prospective director candidates recommended by shareholders for nomination by our Board. Pursuant to this policy, any shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective candidate for nomination by our Board for election at our 2027 annual meeting should send a letter of recommendation to our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices no later than September 30, 2026. The letter should include the following information: the name, address and number of shares owned by the recommending shareholder (including, if the recommending shareholder is not a shareholder of record, proof of ownership of the type referred to in Rule 14a-8(b)(2) of the Exchange Act); the prospective candidate s name and address; a description of the prospective candidate s background, qualifications and relationships, if any, with our company; and all other information necessary for our Board to determine whether the prospective candidate meets the independence standards under the rules of the NYSE and our Director Independence Guidelines. A signed statement from the prospective candidate should accompany the letter of recommendation indicating that he or she consents to being considered as a nominee of the Board and, if nominated by the Board and elected by the shareholders, he or she will serve as a director. The Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate prospective candidates recommended by shareholders for nomination by our Board in light of the various factors set forth above. Neither the Corporate Governance Committee, the Board nor the company discriminate in any way against prospective candidates for nomination by the Board on the basis of personal background, race and ethnicity, gender, age or nationality. There are no differences in the manner in which the Corporate Governance Committee or the Board evaluates prospective candidates based on whether the prospective candidate is recommended by a shareholder or by the Corporate Governance Committee, provided that the recommending shareholder timely furnishes to our company a letter of recommendation containing the information described above along with the signed statement of the prospective candidate referred to above. In addition to having the ability to recommend prospective candidates for nomination by our Board, under our By-laws, shareholders may themselves nominate candidates for election at an annual meeting of shareholders so long as they are shareholders of record when they give the notice described below and on the record date for the relevant annual meeting. Any shareholder who desires to nominate candidates for election as directors at our 2027 annual meeting must follow the procedures set forth in our By-laws. Under these procedures, notice of a shareholder nomination for the election of a director must be received by our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices not less than 120 calendar days, and not more than 150 calendar days, before the first anniversary of the date that our proxy statement was released to shareholders in connection with our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (i.e., notice must be received no earlier than November 2, 2026, and no later than December 2, 2026). If the date of the 36 ONEOK 2026 Proxy Statement Governance of the Company 2027 annual meeting is more than 30 days after May 20, 2027, the first anniversary of our 2026 annual meeting, our corporate secretary must receive notice of a shareholder nomination by the close of business on the tenth day following the earlier of the day on which notice of the date of the 2027 annual meeting is mailed to shareholders or the day on which public announcement of the 2027 annual meeting date is made. In addition, in accordance with our By-laws, the shareholder notice must contain certain information about the candidate the shareholder desires to nominate for election as a director, the shareholder gi