=== OKE_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors. 3 Table of C ontents GLOSSARY The abbreviations, acronyms and industry terminology used in this Annual Report are defined as follows: $2.5 Billion Credit Agreement ONEOK s $2.5 billion amended and restated revolving credit agreement, replaced by the $3.5 Billion Credit Agreement $3.5 Billion Credit Agreement ONEOK s $3.5 billion amended and restated revolving credit agreement AFUDC Allowance for funds used during construction Annual Report Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 Ascension Ascension Pipeline Company, LLC, a 50% owned joint venture Bbl Barrels, 1 barrel is equivalent to 42 United States gallons Bcf Billion cubic feet Bcf/d Billion cubic feet per day BridgeTex BridgeTex Pipeline Company, LLC, a 30% owned joint venture, and after the BridgeTex Additional Interest Acquisition, a 60% owned joint venture BridgeTex Additional Interest Acquisition The transaction completed on July 22, 2025, pursuant to which ONEOK acquired an additional 30% interest in BridgeTex Delaware Basin JV Delaware G P LLC, a 50.1% owned joint venture, and after the Delaware Basin JV Acquisition, a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK Delaware Basin JV Acquisition The transaction completed on May 28, 2025, pursuant to which ONEOK acquired the remaining 49.9% noncontrolling interest in Delaware Basin JV EBITDA Earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization Eiger Eiger Express Pipeline, LLC, a 25.5% owned joint venture, including the 10.5% held through Matterhorn EnLink EnLink Midstream, LLC, and after the EnLink Acquisition, Elk Merger Sub II, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK EnLink Acquisition The transaction completed on January 31, 2025, pursuant to which ONEOK acquired all of the publicly held EnLink Units in a tax-free transaction, pursuant to the EnLink Merger Agreement EnLink Acquisitions The EnLink Controlling Interest Acquisition and the EnLink Acquisition EnLink AR Facility EnLink s $500 million accounts receivable securitization facility EnLink Controlling Interest Acquisition The transaction completed on October 15, 2024, pursuant to which ONEOK acquired (i) approximately 43% of the outstanding EnLink Units and (ii) all of the outstanding limited liability company interests in EnLink Midstream Manager, LLC, pursuant to the EnLink Purchase Agreement EnLink Merger Agreement Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 24, 2024, by and among ONEOK, Inc., Elk Merger Sub I, L.L.C., Elk Merger Sub II L.L.C., EnLink and EnLink Midstream Manager, LLC EnLink Partners EnLink Midstream Partners, LP, a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK EnLink Purchase Agreement Purchase agreement, dated August 28, 2024, by and among ONEOK, GIP III Stetson I, L.P., GIP III Stetson II, L.P. and EnLink Midstream Manager, LLC EnLink Revolving Credit Facility EnLink s $1.4 billion unsecured credit facility EnLink Units Common units representing limited liability company interests in EnLink EPS Earnings per share of common stock ESG Environmental, social and governance Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Fitch Fitch Ratings, Inc. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GHG Greenhouse gas GIP Global Infrastructure Partners and certain of its managed fund vehicles, including GIP III Stetson I, L.P., GIP III Stetson II, L.P., GIP III Trophy GP 2, GIP III Trophy Acquisition Guardian Guardian Pipeline, L.L.C. Guardian Term Loan Agreement Guardian s senior unsecured three-year $120 million term loan agreement dated June 2022 Intermediate Partnership ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership, a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK Magellan Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK 4 Table of C ontents Magellan Acquisition The transaction completed on September 25, 2023, pursuant to which ONEOK acquired all of Magellan s outstanding common units in a cash-and-stock transaction, pursuant to the Magellan Merger Agreement Magellan Merger Agreement Agreement and Plan of Merger of ONEOK, Otter Merger Sub, LLC and Magellan, dated May 14, 2023 Matterhorn MXP Parent, LLC, a 15% owned joint venture MBbl/d Thousand barrels per day MBTC Pipeline MBTC Pipeline LLC, an 80% owned joint venture MDth/d Thousand dekatherms per day Medallion GIP III Trophy Intermediate Holdings, L.P., and after the Medallion Acquisition, Medallion Parent Holdings, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK Medallion Acquisition The transaction completed on October 31, 2024, pursuant to which ONEOK (i) became general partner of Medallion and (ii) acquired all of the issued and outstanding limited partner interests in Medallion from GIP MMBbl Million barrels MMcf/d Million cubic feet per day Moody s Moody s Investors Service, Inc. MVP MVP Terminalling, LLC, a 25% owned joint venture Natural Gas Act Natural Gas Act of 1938, as amended NGL(s) Natural gas liquid(s) Northern Border Northern Border Pipeline Company, a 50% owned joint venture NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange NYSE New York Stock Exchange ONEOK ONEOK, Inc. ONEOK Partners ONEOK Partners, L.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of ONEOK Overland Pass Overland Pass Pipeline Company, LLC, a 50% owned joint venture POP Percent of Proceeds Purity NGLs Marketable natural gas liquid purity products, such as ethane, ethane/propane mix, propane, iso-butane, normal butane and natural gasoline Quarterly Report(s) Quarterly Report(s) on Form 10-Q Refined Products The output from crude oil refineries, including products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, aviation fuel, kerosene and heating oil RINs Renewable Identification Numbers, which represent credits required for renewable fuel standard compliance Roadrunner Roadrunner Gas Transmission Holdings, LLC, a 50% owned joint venture S P S P Global Ratings Saddlehorn Saddlehorn Pipeline Company, LLC, a 40% owned joint venture SCOOP South Central Oklahoma Oil Province, an area in the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Series B Preferred Units EnLink Partners Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units Series C Preferred Units EnLink Partners Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units STACK Sooner Trend Anadarko Canadian Kingfisher, an area in the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma Term SOFR The forward-looking term rate based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Texas City Logistics Texas City Logistics, LLC, a 50% owned joint venture Viking Viking Gas Transmission Company Viking Term Loan Agreement Viking s senior unsecured three-year $60 million term loan agreement dated March 2023 WhiteWater WhiteWater Midstream, LLC, the operator of Matterhorn and Eiger pipelines XBRL eXtensible Business Reporting Language 5 Table of C ontents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS GENERAL We are incorporated under the laws of the state of Oklahoma, and our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol OKE. We deliver energy products and services vital to an advancing world. We are a leading midstream service provider of gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation, storage and marine export services. As one of the largest integrated energy infrastructure companies in North America, we are delivering energy that makes a difference in the lives of people in the U.S. and around the world. Through our approximately 60,000-mile pipeline network, we transport the natural gas, NGLs, Refined Products and crude oil that help meet domestic and international energy demand, contribute to energy security and provide safe, reliable and responsible energy solutions needed today and into the future. Midstream Value Chain The midstream value chain is a vital part of the energy industry. After crude oil and natural gas are produced from upstream wells, we use our extensive infrastructure to process and transport these raw materials, readying them for end use. For transportation of crude oil, natural gas, Refined Products and NGLs, pipelines are generally the most reliable, lowest cost, least carbon intensive and safest alternative for intermediate and long-haul movements between markets and end users. 6 Table of C ontents EXECUTIVE SUMMARY EnLink Acquisition - On January 31, 2025, we completed the EnLink Acquisition. Pursuant to the EnLink Merger Agreement, each publicly held common unit of EnLink was exchanged for a fixed ratio of 0.1412 shares of ONEOK common stock, including EnLink Units that were exchanged for all previously outstanding Series B Preferred Units immediately prior to closing. We issued 41 million shares of common stock with a fair value of $4.0 billion as of the closing date of the EnLink Acquisition. EnLink is now a wholly owned subsidiary. For additional information on the EnLink Acquisition, see Part II, Item 8, Note B of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. Business Update and Market Conditions - Over the past year, we experienced earnings growth across our value chain due primarily to a full year of earnings from EnLink and Medallion across our segments and higher NGL and natural gas processing volumes. Our extensive and integrated assets are located in, and connected with, some of the most productive shale basins, as well as refineries and demand centers, in the United States. With changes in the commodity price environment, we continue to monitor producers drilling and completion plans. Our counterparties are primarily major and independent crude oil and natural gas producers that are able to produce in a lower commodity price environment and continue to find ways to lower costs or enhance production, resulting in profitable projects across our footprint. With our large asset base, multi-basin exposure and continued asset integration, most of our growth opportunities are not contingent on improving commodity prices. Although the energy industry has experienced many commodity cycles, we have positioned ourselves to reduce exposure to direct commodity price volatility. Each of our four reportable segments are primarily fee-based, and our consolidated earnings were approximately 90% fee-based in 2025. In addition, our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Liquids segments are exposed to volumetric risk as a result of drilling and completion activity, severe weather disruptions, operational outages, global crude oil, NGL and natural gas demand and normal volumetric well declines. Our Refined Products and Crude segment is exposed to volumetric risk due to demand for Refined Products and crude oil in the markets we serve. Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment is not exposed to significant volumetric risk due to the majority of our capacity being subscribed under long-term, firm fee-based contracts. For additional information regarding the potential impact of volumetric risk on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. Capital Allocation - We continue to focus on maintaining prudent financial strength and flexibility. In January 2026, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend to $1.07 per share, an increase of 4% compared with the same quarter in the prior year. In 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to buy up to $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2025, we repurchased $234 million of our outstanding common shares under the program. As of December 31, 2025, we also had $78 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand and $3.5 billion of available capacity under our $3.5 Billion Credit Agreement. Sustainability and Social Responsibility - In 2025, we received an MSCI ESG Rating of AA, and our ESG Risk Rating, as assessed by Morningstar Sustainalytics, was in the top 10% of the refiners and pipelines industry. Natural Gas Gathering and Processing - In our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, earnings increased in 2025, compared with 2024, due to a full year of earnings from EnLink and higher volumes in the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain regions, offset partially by lower realized NGL prices, net of hedging, and the impact from the divestiture of certain nonstrategic assets in 2024. Our 2024 results include the impact of the EnLink Controlling Interest Acquisition from the period of October 15, 2024, to December 31, 2024. On May 28, 2025, we completed the Delaware Basin JV Acquisition for $941 million. Following the completion of the transaction, it is now a wholly owned subsidiary. In August 2025, we announced plans to construct the Bighorn natural gas processing plant in the Permian Basin, with processing capacity of 300 MMcf/d and the ability to treat natural gas containing high levels of carbon dioxide. We expect the Bighorn plant, including the carbon dioxide treater, to cost approximately $365 million. The Bighorn plant is supported by acreage dedications with long-term primarily fee-based contracts and is expected to be completed in mid-2027. 7 Table of C ontents We are also relocating a 150 MMcf/d processing plant to the Permian Basin from North Texas, which will be completed in the first quarter of 2026, and expanding two existing facilities in the Permian Basin, which will provide an incremental 110 MMcf/d of processing capacity and is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2026. Natural Gas Liquids - In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, earnings increased in 2025, compared with 2024, due primarily to a full year of earnings from EnLink, higher exchange services and higher optimization and marketing, offset partially by higher operating costs. Our 2024 results include the impact of the EnLink Controlling Interest Acquisition from the period of October 15, 2024, to December 31, 2024. In 2025, we completed construction of our Elk Creek pipeline expansion project, which increased capacity to 435 MBbl/d and brought our total pipeline capacity out of the Rocky Mountain region to 575 MBbl/d. In February 2025, we announced definitive agreements to form the Texas City Logistics and MBTC Pipeline joint ventures with MPLX LP to construct a 400 MBbl/d liquified petroleum gas export terminal in Texas City, Texas, and a new 24-inch pipeline from our Mont Belvieu, Texas, storage facility to the new terminal. We expect to invest a total of approximately $1.0 billion into these projects, which are expected to be completed in early 2028. Natural Gas Pipelines - In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, earnings decreased in 2025, compared with 2024, due primarily to the impact of the interstate pipeline divestiture in 2024, offset partially by a full year of earnings from EnLink in 2025 and higher optimization and marketing. Our 2024 results include the impact of the EnLink Controlling Interest Acquisition from the period of October 15, 2024, to December 31, 2024. In 2025, we, WhiteWater, MPLX LP and Enbridge Inc., through the existing Matterhorn joint venture, announced the new approximately 450-mile, 48-inch Eiger Express Pipeline, designed to transport up to approximately 3.7 Bcf/d of natural gas from the Permian Basin to Katy, Texas. We expect to invest a total of approximately $350 million into this project, which is expected to be completed in mid-2028. Refined Products and Crude - In our Refined Products and Crude segment, earnings increased in 2025, compared with 2024, due primarily to a full year of earnings from Medallion and EnLink and lower operating costs, offset partially by lower earnings on BridgeTex associated with the nonrecurring recognition of deferred revenue in 2024. Our 2024 results include the impact of the EnLink Controlling Interest Acquisition from the period of October 15, 2024, to December 31, 2024, and the impact of the Medallion Acquisition from the period of November 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024. On July 22, 2025, we completed the BridgeTex Additional Interest Acquisition. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, we paid approximately $270 million in cash. Following the completion of the transaction, we now have a 60% ownership interest in BridgeTex. We have a capital project to expand our Refined Products pipeline capacity, connecting Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast supply with the greater Denver area, to meet growing demand and increase connectivity with the Denver International Airport (DIA). The project includes construction of a new 230-mile, 16-inch diameter pipeline from Scott City, Kansas, to DIA and the addition or upgrading of certain pump stations along the existing Refined Products pipeline system. Total system capacity will increase by 35 MBbl/d and will have additional expansion capabilities. This project is fully subscribed under long-term contracts and is expected to be completed in mid-2026. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report for more information on our capital projects, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. 8 Table of C ontents BUSINESS STRATEGY Our mission is to deliver energy products and services vital to an advancing world. Our vision is to create exceptional value for our stakeholders by providing solutions for an evolving energy future. Our business strategy is focused on: Zero incidents - We commit to developing processes to drive a zero-incident culture for the well-being of our employees, contractors and communities. Safety and environmental responsibility continue to be primary areas of focus for us. Highly engaged workforce - We strive to be an employer of choice and continue to focus on attracting, selecting and retaining talent, advancing an inclusive, diverse and engaged culture and developing individuals and leaders. Sustainable business model - We aim to maintain prudent financial strength and flexibility while operating a safe, reliable and resilient asset base. We seek to maintain investment-grade credit ratings and a strong balance sheet. We expect our internally generated cash flows will allow us to fund high-return capital projects in our existing operating regions, grow our dividend, reduce debt and fund our $2.0 billion share repurchase program. We aim to focus on capital projects that provide value-added products and services that contribute to long-term growth, profitability and business diversification. We continue to actively seek out opportunities that will complement our extensive assets and expertise. Maximizing total shareholder return - We plan to grow earnings through high-return capital projects that will allow us to increase our dividend and repurchase shares under our $2.0 billion share repurchase program. We seek consistent and strong returns on invested capital that will allow us to reward our shareholders and provide the means and opportunity to serve our additional stakeholders, including employees and the communities in which we operate. 9 Table of C ontents NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS We report operations in the following four business segments: Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; Natural Gas Liquids; Natural Gas Pipelines; and Refined Products and Crude. 10 Table of C ontents Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Overview of Operations - In our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, raw natural gas is typically gathered at the wellhead, compressed and transported through pipelines to our processing facilities. Most raw natural gas produced at the wellhead also contains a mixture of NGL components, including ethane, propane, iso-butane, normal butane and natural gasoline. Gathered wellhead natural gas is directed to our processing plants to remove NGLs resulting in residue natural gas (primarily methane). Residue natural gas is then recompressed and delivered to natural gas pipelines, storage facilities and end users. The NGLs separated from the raw natural gas are delivered through NGL pipelines to fractionation facilities for further processing. Some of the heavier NGLs may separate upstream of processing and fractionation and are sold as condensate at NGL or crude oil markets. Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment provides these midstream services to producers in the regions listed below. Rocky Mountain region - The Williston Basin is located in portions of North Dakota and Montana and includes the oil-producing, NGL-rich Bakken Shale and Three Forks formations. We have more than 3 million dedicated acres in the Williston Basin. The Powder River Basin is primarily located in Eastern Wyoming, which includes the NGL-rich Niobrara, Frontier, Turner and Mowry formations. We have more than 300 thousand dedicated acres in the Powder River Basin. Mid-Continent region - The Mid-Continent region includes the natural gas and oil-producing Anadarko Basin, which includes the NGL-rich SCOOP and STACK areas, Cana-Woodford Shale, Woodford Shale, Arkoma-Woodford Shale, Springer Shale, Meramec, Granite Wash, Cherokee and Mississippian Lime formations of Oklahoma. We also have a significant presence in the Barnett Shale of North Texas, one of the largest onshore natural gas fields in the United States, where we provide gathering and processing services. We have more than 1 million dedicated acres in the Mid-Continent region. Permian Basin - The Permian Basin is a large, natural gas and oil-rich sedimentary basin composed of the Midland Basin, located in West Texas, and the Delaware Basin, located in West Texas and Southeastern New Mexico. We have more than 400 thousand dedicated acres in the Permian Basin, providing gathering and processing services in the Midland and Delaware Basins. 11 Table of C ontents Property - Our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment includes the following wholly owned assets: 22,600 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines; and Natural gas processing plants with 1.9 Bcf/d of processing capacity in the Rocky Mountain region, 3.5 Bcf/d in the Mid-Continent region and 1.8 Bcf/d of processing capacity in the Permian Basin, which were 78% and 84% utilized in 2025 and 2024, respectively. We calculate utilization rates using a weighted-average approach, adjusting for the dates that assets were placed in or removed from service. 12 Table of C ontents We are in the process of relocating a 150 MMcf/d natural gas processing plant to the Permian Basin from North Texas and expanding two existing facilities in the Permian Basin, which will provide an incremental 110 MMcf/d of processing capacity. We also recently announced plans to construct our Bighorn natural gas processing plant, with capacity of 300 MMcf/d, in the Permian Basin. The additional capacity from these projects is excluded from the assets listed above. See Recent Developments in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report for more information on our capital projects. Sources of Earnings - Earnings for this segment are derived primarily from the following types of service contracts: Fee with POP contracts with no producer take-in-kind rights - We purchase raw natural gas and charge contractual fees for providing midstream services, which include gathering, treating, compressing and processing the producers natural gas. After performing these services, we sell the commodities and remit a portion of the commodity sales proceeds to the producers less our contractual fees. Fee with POP contracts with producer take-in-kind rights - We purchase a portion of the raw natural gas stream, charge fees for providing the midstream services listed above, return certain commodities to the producer, sell the remaining commodities and remit a portion of the commodity sales proceeds to the producer less our contractual fees. Fee-only - Under this type of contract, we charge a fee for the midstream services we provide based on volumes gathered, processed, treated and/or compressed. For commodity sales, we contract to deliver residue natural gas, condensate and/or unfractionated NGLs to downstream customers at a specified delivery point. Our sales of NGLs are primarily to our affiliate in the Natural Gas Liquids segment. Unconsolidated Affiliates - Our unconsolidated affiliates in this segment are not material. See Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional discussion of our unconsolidated affiliates. Government Regulation - The FERC traditionally has maintained that a natural gas processing plant is not a facility for the transportation or sale of natural gas in interstate commerce and, therefore, is not subject to jurisdiction under the Natural Gas Act. Although the FERC has made no specific declaration as to the jurisdictional status of our natural gas processing operations or facilities, our natural gas processing plants are primarily involved in extracting NGLs and, therefore, are exempt from FERC jurisdiction. The Natural Gas Act also exempts natural gas gathering facilities from the jurisdiction of the FERC. We believe our natural gas gathering facilities, upstream of our natural gas processing plants, meet the criteria used by the FERC for non-jurisdictional natural gas gathering facility status. Interstate transmission facilities remain subject to FERC jurisdiction. The FERC has historically distinguished between these two types of facilities, either interstate or intrastate, on a fact-specific basis. We transport residue natural gas from certain of our natural gas processing plants to interstate pipelines in accordance with Section 311(a) of the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, as amended. The states where we operate have statutes regulating, to varying degrees, the gathering of natural gas in those states. In each state, regulation is applied on a case-by-case basis if a complaint is filed against the gatherer with the appropriate state regulatory agency. See further discussion in the Regulatory, Environmental and Safety Matters section. 13 Table of C ontents Natural Gas Liquids Overview of Operations - In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, NGLs extracted at our own and third-party natural gas processing plants are gathered by our NGL gathering pipelines. Gathered NGLs are directed to our downstream fractionators to be separated into Purity NGLs. Purity NGLs are stored or distributed to our customers, such as petrochemical companies, propane distributors, diluent users, ethanol producers, refineries and exporters. We provide midstream services to producers of NGLs in the Rocky Mountain region, Mid-Continent region, Permian Basin and Gulf Coast region and deliver those products to the market. Our primary markets include the Mid-Continent in Conway, Kansas, the Gulf Coast in Mont Belvieu, Texas, Louisiana and the upper Midwest. The majority of the pipeline-connected natural gas processing plants in the Williston Basin, Oklahoma, Kansas and the Texas Panhandle as well as a large number in the Permian Basin, Barnett Shale, East Texas and Louisiana regions are connected to our NGL gathering systems. Through our NGL gathering and distribution pipelines, and fractionation, terminal and storage facilities, we provide needed midstream services while connecting key supply and demand areas. 14 Table of C ontents Property - Our Natural Gas Liquids segment includes the following assets, which are wholly owned, except where noted: 10,100 miles of gathering pipelines; 4,800 miles of distribution pipelines (includes gross mileage of a consolidated, partially owned subsidiary); NGL fractionators with combined operating capacity of 1.2 MMBbl/d (includes interests in our proportional share of operating capacity), including 310 MBbl/d in the Mid-Continent region and 890 MBbl/d in the Gulf Coast region, which were 94% and 92% utilized in 2025 and 2024, respectively; one isomerization unit with operating capacity of 10 MBbl/d; one ethane/propane splitter with operating capacity of 40 MBbl/d; NGL storage facilities with operating storage capacity of 40 MMBbl; and eight Purity NGLs terminals. In 2025, we completed the expansion of our Elk Creek pipeline, which is included in the assets listed above. We are in the process of reconstructing our 210 MBbl/d fractionator in Medford, Oklahoma. We are also in the process of constructing the 24-inch MBTC Pipeline, which is consolidated through a partially owned subsidiary. These assets are excluded from the assets listed above. See Recent Developments in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report for more information on our capital projects. Sources of Earnings - Earnings for our Natural Gas Liquids segment are derived primarily from fee-based services and commodity sales and purchases. We purchase NGLs and condensate from third parties, as well as from our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. We also sell NGLs to our affiliate in the Refined Products and Crude segment. Our business activities are categorized as follows: Exchange services - We utilize our assets to gather, transport, treat and fractionate NGLs, converting them into marketable Purity NGLs, and deliver them to a market center or customer-designated location. Some of these exchange volumes are under contracts with minimum volume commitments that provide a minimum level of revenues regardless of volumetric throughput. Our exchange services activities are primarily fee-based and include some rate-regulated tariffs; however, we also capture certain product price differentials through the fractionation process. Transportation and storage services - We transport Purity NGLs and certain Refined Products, primarily under regulated tariffs. Tariffs specify the maximum rates we may charge our customers and the general terms and conditions for transportation service on our pipelines. Our storage activities consist primarily of fee-based NGL storage services at our Mid-Contine