=== MET_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Any or each of the events described below may (or may continue to) adversely affect the global economy or global financial markets, or our reputation, regulatory, customer, or other relationships, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows, statutory capital position, ability to meet our obligations, credit and financial strength ratings, financial condition, or the market price of our common stock. The effects may vary depending on timing, product, market, region or segment. Many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of any of them may cause others to emerge or worsen. Such combinations could materially increase the severity of the cumulative or separate impact of these risks. These risk factors do not describe all potential risks that could affect MetLife. You should carefully consider the risk factors together with other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” and other reports and materials MetLife submits to the SEC. Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions Market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, declining equity or debt markets, derivative prices and availability, real estate conditions, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer and government spending, government default or spending reductions to avoid default, business investment, climate change, public health risks, volatility, disruptions and strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation, and government actions in response thereto, may inhibit revenue growth, reduce investment opportunities and result in reduced investment returns or losses, derivative losses, reductions in fees generated, changes in insurance liabilities, impairments, increased valuation allowances, increases in reserves, reduced net investment income and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions. Market conditions resulting in reductions in the value of assets we manage or lower transaction volume may have an adverse effect on the revenues and profitability of our institutional asset management services, which depend on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management (“AUM”). Higher unemployment, changes to inflation, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, greater government regulation, lower business investment, lower consumer spending, elevated incidence of claims, adverse utilization of benefits relative to our best estimate expectations, lapses or surrenders of policies, reduced demand for our products and services, and deferred or canceled payments of insurance premiums may negatively affect our earnings and capitalization. Interest Rate Risks Some of our products and investments expose us to interest rate risks, including changes in the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates, which may reduce or eliminate our investment spread and net income. Interest rate increases may harm our profitability. During periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates required to stay competitive. This could result in a lower spread, lower profitability, decreased sales, and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns. This may result in cash outflows requiring the sale of investments on less favorable terms, resulting in investment losses and reductions in net income. Reductions in net income may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants and rating agency assessment of our financial condition. Interest rate increases may harm the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair value of fixed income securities, and may increase our daily settlement payments on interest rate futures and cleared swaps, resulting in increased cash outflows and liquidity needs. Furthermore, if interest rates rise, our unrealized gains on fixed income securities may decrease and our unrealized losses may increase. We would recognize the accumulated change in estimated fair value of these fixed income securities in net income upon a sale, an intent to sell, a determination it is more likely than not we will be required to sell, or if the decline in estimated fair value is due to a credit loss. During inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls, which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. Finally, an increase in interest rates may decrease fee income associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds. 27 Table of Contents Low interest rates and risk asset returns may reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our liabilities for claims and future benefits, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures, decreasing our profit margins. During certain market events, such as a global credit crisis, a market downturn, or a period of sustained low market yields, we may incur significant losses due to, among other reasons, losses incurred in our general account and/or the impact of guarantees, including increases in liabilities, capital maintenance obligations and collateral requirements. In addition, during periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to reinvest proceeds from certain investments at lower yields, reducing our investment spread. Moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities and loans in our investment portfolio with greater frequency. Although we may be able to lower interest crediting rates to help offset decreases in spreads, our ability to lower these rates is limited to our products that have adjustable interest crediting rates, which could be limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. As a result, our investment spread may decrease or become negative. Reductions in net income from these factors may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants or rating agency assessment of our financial condition. During periods of declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be more attractive investments to consumers, resulting in increased premium payments on certain products, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency, while our new investments carry lower returns. A market interest rate decline could also reduce our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations. During periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to increase our reserves. The measures we take to mitigate the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, such as mitigating the sensitivity of our fixed income investments relative to our interest rate sensitive liabilities, may not be sufficient. For some of our liability portfolios, we may not be able to invest assets at the full liability duration, thereby creating some asset/liability mismatch. In addition, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting may cause material changes to our net income and stockholders’ equity because we record our non-qualified derivatives at fair value through earnings, while certain hedged items may follow an accrual-based accounting model or are recorded at fair value through other comprehensive income. Credit Spread Risks Changes in credit spreads may result in market price volatility and cash flow variability. Market price volatility may result in defaults and a lack of pricing transparency, and can make valuations of our securities difficult if trading becomes less frequent, which may require us to add to our reserves. An increase in credit spreads relative to U.S. Treasury benchmarks may increase our borrowing costs and decrease certain product fee income. A sustained decrease in credit spreads could reduce the yield on our future investments. The discount rate used to calculate liabilities for future policy benefits includes a component for market credit spreads that does not necessarily align to our investment spreads. Changes in market credit spreads could result in volatility to liabilities for future policy benefits relative to our asset values. Equity Market Risks Downturns, volatility or other negative equity market conditions may harm our savings, asset management, and investment products’ and services’ revenues and investment returns, where fee income is earned based upon the fair value of our managed assets. Sustained investment underperformance relative to benchmarks or competitors could result in an increase of client withdrawals of assets from investment products. Our variable annuity and life insurance business is highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness or stagnation in the equity markets may decrease these products’ revenues and earnings. Furthermore, certain of our variable annuity and life products offer guaranteed benefits that increase our potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline or stagnate. Sustained declines in long-term equity returns or interest rates may harm the funding of our pension plans and other post-retirement benefit obligations. An increase in equity markets could increase settlement payments on equity futures and total rate of return swaps (“TRRs”), which may increase our cash outflows and liquidity needs. The timing of distributions from and valuations of our investments in leveraged buy-out funds, hedge funds, real estate ventures, real estate funds and other private equity funds depends on the performance of the underlying investments, distribution schedules, and the funds’ need for cash, which may differ from performance of public equity markets, which drives performance of our equity hedges. The amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from period to period and significant volatility may harm our returns and net investment income. In addition, downturns or volatility in the equity markets may decrease the estimated fair value of our alternative investments and equity securities. 28 Table of Contents Real Estate Risks Changes in leasable commercial space supply and demand, lessee behaviors, pandemics and other public health issues, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility, interest rate fluctuations, commodity prices, farm incomes, housing and commercial property market conditions, and real estate investment supply and demand may adversely impact our investments in commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans, and real estate and REJVs. Asset market stress may also adversely affect real estate strategies we manage under client mandates, reducing AUM and related fees. Political, Obligor and Counterparty Risks Our general account investments in certain countries could be adversely affected by volatility resulting from local economic and political concerns, as well as volatility in specific sectors. Government entities may face budget deficits and other financial difficulties, which may harm the value of securities we hold issued by or under the auspices of such governments. In the U.S., a threat facing the economy is the continued disagreement over the federal debt limit, other budget questions, and potential restrictions on trade with other markets. Failure to resolve these issues in a timely manner could result in a government shutdown, erratic reduction in government spending or a default on government debt, which could result in increased market volatility and reduced economic activity. The issuers or guarantors of fixed income securities and mortgage loans we own may more frequently default on principal and interest payments they owe us. Additionally, the change in value of underlying collateral within instruments backed by securitized assets may result in a default on principal and interest payments, reducing our cash flows. The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit spreads, or other adverse events may increase the default rate of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio. Many of our transactions with counterparties, including reinsurers, expose us to the risk of counterparty default. Such credit risk may be exacerbated if we cannot realize on the collateral held by us in secured transactions or cannot liquidate such collateral at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative exposure or reinsurance obligations due to us. Furthermore, potential action by governments and regulatory bodies, or lack of action by governments and central banks, as well as deterioration in the banks’ credit standing, could negatively impact these instruments, securities, transactions and investments or limit our ability to trade with them. Our efforts to manage our total exposure to a single counterparty or limited number of counterparties within or among any of our investment, derivative, treasury, and reinsurance relationships, which we adjust from time to time, may not completely or adequately mitigate counterparty risks. Currency Exchange Rate Risks Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar may adversely affect our non-U.S. dollar denominated investments, investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries, net income from non-U.S. operations and issuance of non-U.S. dollar denominated instruments. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may also make certain of our products less attractive to customers, which may increase levels of early policy terminations and decrease sales volume and our in-force business. Such negative effects may be exacerbated if international markets experience severe economic or financial disruptions or significant currency devaluations, if a foreign economy is determined to be “highly inflationary,” or if a country withdraws from the Eurozone. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may harm our operations, earnings or investments in the affected countries. We may be unable to mitigate the risk of such changes in exchange rates due to unhedged positions, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting resulting from derivative gains (losses) on non-qualifying hedges, the failure of hedges to effectively offset the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation, or other factors. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the translation of results into our U.S. dollar basis consolidated financial statements. 29 Table of Contents Derivatives Risks If our counterparties, clearing brokers or central clearinghouses fail or refuse to honor their obligations under our derivatives agreements, our risks may not be fully hedged. A counterparty, clearing broker, or central clearinghouse may become insolvent or otherwise unable or unwilling to make payments or to return collateral under the terms of derivatives agreements, increasing our costs or resulting in significant losses. If the net estimated fair value of a derivative to which we are a party declines, we may need to pledge additional collateral or make increased payments. Strategies we manage for clients may face similar collateral and margin requirements, which can affect liquidity and performance. In addition, we may face increased costs to the extent we replace counterparties or clearing brokers who suffer financial difficulties. Furthermore, our derivatives valuations may change based on changes to our valuation methodology or errors in such valuation or valuation methodology. Terrorism and Security Risks The continued threat of terrorism, ongoing or potential military conflict and other actions, and heightened security measures may cause economic uncertainty and result in loss of life, property damage, additional disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. The value of our investment portfolio may be adversely affected by declines in the credit and equity markets and reduced economic activity caused by such threats. Companies in which we maintain investments may suffer losses as a result of financial, commercial or economic disruptions, and such disruptions might affect the ability of those companies to pay interest or principal on their securities or mortgage loans. Terrorist or military actions also could disrupt our operations centers and result in higher than anticipated claims under our insurance policies. We May Not Meet Our Liquidity Needs, Access Capital, or May Face Significantly Increased Cost of Capital Due to Adverse Capital and Credit Market Conditions In cases of volatility, disruption, or other conditions in global financial markets, we may have to seek additional financing, the availability and cost of which could be adversely affected by market conditions, regulatory considerations, availability of credit to our industry generally, our credit ratings and credit capacity, reduced business activity, or investment losses, and the perception of our financial prospects. Our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. We may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing we need on favorable terms or at all. We may be required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending or derivatives agreements or post collateral or make payments related to specified counterparty agreements. Our business and financial results may suffer without sufficient liquidity through impaired ability to pay claims, other operating expenses, interest on our debt, dividends on our capital stock, cash or collateral to our subsidiaries, maintain our securities lending, replace certain maturing liabilities, sustain our operations and investments, and repurchase our common stock. Capital and credit market volatility may limit our access to capital we need to operate or grow our business, issue the types of securities we would prefer, timely replace maturing liabilities, or satisfy regulatory requirements, any of which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. Client portfolios of our institutional asset management business may also be impacted by liquidity issues under such conditions. We May Be Unable to Access Our Credit Facility, Reducing Our Liquidity and Leading to Downgrades in Our Credit and Financial Strength Ratings We may fail to comply with or fulfill all conditions under the unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding, Inc. maintain. Lenders may fail to fund their lending commitments under the Credit Facility due to insolvency, illiquidity or other reasons. We May Lose Business Due to a Downgrade or a Potential Downgrade in Our Financial Strength or Credit Ratings Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (“NRSROs”) and others may, at any time, downgrade our financial strength ratings or credit ratings, lower our ratings outlooks, increase the scope or frequency of their reviews, or increase capital or other requirements to maintain ratings. Such changes could reduce our product sales, reduce cash flows from funding agreements and other capital market products, and force us to change product pricing and increase our financing costs, policy surrenders or withdrawals, collateral requirements, risk of derivative terminations, cost of reinsurance, regulatory scrutiny, or various other factors. We May Not Find Available, Affordable or Adequate Reinsurance to Protect Us Against Losses Reinsurers may increase our reinsurance costs, or may decline to offer us reinsurance, due to policy changes related to public health issues, market conditions, or other factors. Our risk of loss may increase if we decrease the amount of our reinsurance. Any of these could harm our ability to write future business or result in the assumption of more risk with respect to the policies we issue. 30 Table of Contents We remain liable and may incur costs as the direct insurer on all risks we reinsure as a result of a reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments, or inability or unwillingness to maintain collateral, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our Statutory Life Insurance Reserve Financings Costs May Increase, and We May Find Limited Market Capacity for New Financings If MetLife’s ratings decline, market capacity is limited, or on other repricing occasions, our costs to finance statutory life insurance reserves may increase. If regulators disallow certain assets to back statutory reserves, we would not be able to take some or all related statutory reserve credit, which may harm the statutory capitalization of certain of our insurance subsidiaries. Regulatory and Legal Risks Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us Insurance or other regulators may change licensing, permit, or approval requirements, or take other actions harmful to us. They may also take actions that harm our customers and independent sales intermediaries or their operations, which may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products. Governments may change regulation of financial services, insurance, reinsurance, variable annuities and variable life insurance, securities, derivatives, pension, health care, accounting, cybersecurity, AI, privacy and data protection, asset management, tort reform, taxation, benefit plan investment advice and related fiduciary duties, antitrust as applied to the business of health insurance or otherwise, and other areas. Laws and regulations may also affect customers, sales intermediaries, or others. We or others may fail to comply with these requirements or suffer adverse regulatory examinations or audits. Regulators and courts may also interpret rules differently from the way we have, or change interpretations of laws or rules, and legislators may change statutes. Any of these changes may harm our ability to continue to offer the products we do today or to introduce new products. We may incur costs to comply with laws and regulations and changes to or interpretations of these laws and regulations may increase our expenses and regulatory capital charges. Our failure to comply with our own policies or with regulatory requirements may harm our reputation or result in sanctions or legal claims. Laws, regulations or regulatory actions may limit or change the type, amount or structure of compensation or benefits we offer our employees or others, or may limit or ban the use of non-competition agreements, which may harm our ability to compete in recruiting and retaining key personnel. We may also fail to fulfill our fiduciary or other client and benefit-related obligations completely. Compliance with solvency standards or financial condition regulations may increase our capital and reserve requirements, risk management costs, and reporting costs. See “Business — Regulation — State Insurance Regulation — Surplus and Capital” for a summary of the NAIC’s developments related to financial condition regulation. We may be subject to enhanced capital standards, supervision and additional requirements, such as group capital standards or insurer capital standards. MetLife, Inc. could be compelled to undergo FDIC liquidation if it becomes insolvent or is in danger of defaulting on its obligations, potentially imposing greater losses on stockholders and unsecured creditors than under the Bankruptcy Code. This could also apply to financial institutions whose debt we hold and could harm the value of our holdings. We could be assessed charges in connection with a financial company liquidation. Our ability to react to rapidly changing economic conditions and the dynamic, competitive markets may be impaired if our product designs do not allow frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements, or if we are unable to work collaboratively with regulators. Changes in regulatory approval processes, rules and other dynamics in the regulatory process could harm our ability to react to such changing conditions. Rules on defined benefit pension plan funding may reduce the likelihood or delay corporate plan sponsors in terminating their plans or engaging in transactions to partially or fully transfer pension obligations. This could affect the mix of our pension risk transfers and increase non-guaranteed funding products. Governmental bodies may delay acting on or implementing regulatory or policy changes due to circumstances outside of our control, including, but not limited to, public health issues. Such delays may increase uncertainty, prolong deleterious regulations and policies, delay or prevent beneficial regulatory or policy changes, and create the potential for later, more rapid changes to which we may find it more difficult to adjust. 31 Table of Contents Our New York insurance regulator’s annual SCL for year-end asset adequacy testing may impose unforeseen assumptions or requirements that require us to increase or release reserves, which could affect our statutory capital and surplus. Governments or Others May Increase our Taxes by Changing or Re-Interpreting Tax Laws, Making Some of Our Products Less Attractive to Consumers Changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes, reduce our earnings, and adjust the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Changes may increase our effective tax rate or have implications that make our products less attractive to consumers. Tax authorities may enact laws, change regulations to increase existing taxes, or add new types of taxes, and authorities who have not imposed taxes in the past may impose taxes. Customers shifting away from employee benefits, life insurance and annuity contracts, or other tax-preferred products would reduce our income from these products and our asset base, reducing our earnings and potentially affecting the value of our deferred tax assets. We May Face Increasing Litigation and Regulatory Investigations Legal or regulatory actions, inquiries or investigations, involving us or our competitors, whether ongoing or yet to come, could harm our reputation, ability to attract or retain customers, clients or employees, and business, financial condition, or results of operations, even if we or our competitors ultimately prevail. Regulators or private parties may bring class actions, individual suits, or investigations seeking large recoveries and alleging wrongs relating to matters such as sales or underwriting practices, claims payments and procedures, failure to adequately or appropriately supervise, inappropriate compensation contrary to licensing requirements, product design, disclosure, administration, cost of insurance charges, premium rate increases, investments, denial or delay of benefits, pandemic- or other public health-related practices, privacy and data protection, or data security incidents, discriminatory or inequitable practices, and breaches of fiduciary or other duties. We may be unable to anticipate the outcome of a litigation or an investigation and the amount or range of loss, including with respect to our reputation, because we do not know how adversaries, fact finders, courts, regulators, or others will evaluate evidence, the law, or accounting principles, and whether they will do so differently than we have. Our Efforts to Enhance the Sustainability of our Businesses May Not Meet Investors', Regulators' or Customers' Expectations Some of our stockholders, investors, and customers, or those considering such a relationship with us, evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of sustainability standards and expectations. Our practices and performance are subject to increasing scrutiny with regard to various aspects of sustainability performance from regulators and other stakeholders. Our investors or others may evaluate our practices against sustainability criteria that continue to evolve and may be unclear, inconsistent or based on methodologies that are not readily measurable. These standards and expectations may reflect differing or conflicting priorities. Our decisions and priorities must balance multiple objectives simultaneously, and our practices may not change in the manner or time frame some stakeholders expect. As a result, our efforts to operate in alignment with some or all of these expectations may involve trade-offs. Our sustainability aspirations and interim targets rely on assumptions and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Further, because of the financed emissions included in our investment portfolio, our ability to achieve these aspirations depends in part on counterparties meeting their own emissions reduction objectives. Standards, data sources, analytical tools and regulatory requirements related to sustainability practices continue to evolve, and the availability, quality, and comparability of data varies across our operations, supply chain, and investment activities. We also rely on data provided by third parties, which may be incomplete, inaccurate, delayed, or unavailable. As techniques, industry standards, and regulatory expectations continue to develop, our assessments, reporting, and targets may change. We may fail t

=== MET_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain factors that may affect the Company’s business or operations are described under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A, of the 2025 Annual Report. There have been no material changes to our risk factors from the risk factors previously disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Purchases of MetLife, Inc. common stock made by or on behalf of MetLife, Inc. or its affiliates during the quarter ended March 31, 2026 are set forth below: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) January 1 - January 31, 2026 2,558,592 $ 78.17 2,558,592 $ 1,872,488,893 February 1 - February 28, 2026 3,321,439 $ 77.07 3,321,439 $ 1,616,489,444 March 1 - March 31, 2026 4,241,087 $ 70.62 4,241,087 $ 1,316,989,303 Total 10,121,118 10,121,118 __________________ (1) During the periods presented, separate account index funds did not purchase any MetLife, Inc. common stock on the open market in non-discretionary transactions. (2) In April 2025, MetLife, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors authorized an additional $3.0 billion of common stock repurchases. At March 31, 2026, MetLife, Inc. had $1.3 billion of common stock repurchases remaining under its authorization. Neither the authorization remaining, nor the amount repurchased, reflect the applicable excise tax payable in connection with such repurchases. For more information on our common stock authorizations and common stock repurchases, including the excise tax payable in connection therewith, see Note 13 of the Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. See also “Risk Factors — Capital Risks — We May Not be Able to Pay Dividends or Repurchase Our Stock Due to Legal and Regulatory Restrictions or Cash Buffer Needs” included in the 2025 Annual Report. 139 Table of Contents Item 5. Other Information Securities trading plans During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our Section 16 officers or directors (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Section 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 140 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits (Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts: In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries or affiliates, or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to investors; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates may be found elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and MetLife, Inc.’s other public filings, which are available without charge through the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at https://www.sec.gov.) Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 4.1 Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of MetLife, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. MetLife, Inc. hereby agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, copies of such instruments. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). X 141 Table of Contents Glossary Throughout this Form 10-Q, the Company may use certain abbreviations, acronyms and terms which are further detailed below. A.M. Best A.M. Best Company, Inc. Company Action Level RBC Minimum level of TAC before corrective action commences is twice authorized control level RBC ABO Accumulated Benefit Obligations Credit Facility Unsecured revolving credit facility ABS & CLO Asset-Backed Securities and Collateralized Loan Obligations CRO Chief Risk Officer ACL Allowance For Credit Loss C-ROSS China Risk Oriented Solvency System AD&D Accidental Death and Dismemberment CSRD Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive AFS Available-For-Sale Cybersecurity Model Law NAIC’s Insurance Data Security Model Law AI Artificial Intelligence DAC Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs ALM Asset/Liability Management Deferred Shares Awards that have become payable in shares but the issuance of which has been deferred Alt-A Alternative Residential Mortgage Loans Delaware Commissioner Delaware Commissioner of Insurance American Life American Life Insurance Company Dodd-Frank Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) DOL U.S. Department of Labor APBO Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation DPL Deferred Profit Liability ASO Administrative Services-Only DSCR Debt Service Coverage Ratios ASU Accounting Standards Update EEA European Economic Area AUM Assets Under Management EMEA Europe, the Middle East and Africa Authorized Control Level RBC Authorized Control Level RBC, calculated in the manner prescribed by the NAIC ERC Enterprise Risk Committee Brighthouse Brighthouse Financial, Inc. and its Subsidiaries ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 CBIRC The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ERM Enterprise Risk Management CCPA California Consumer Privacy Act EU European Union CEO Chief Executive Officer EU AI Act European Union’s Artificial Intelligence Act CFEs Collateralized Financing Entities Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 CFO Chief Financial Officer Farmer Mac 