=== PH_2025-08-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Energy Matters and Sources and Availability of Raw Materials Our primary energy source for both of our business segments is electric power. While we cannot predict future costs of electric power, we manage this cost through aggregation in deregulated markets and leveraging contracts with established pricing on portions of our energy load. We are subject to governmental regulations in regard to energy supplies in the United States and elsewhere. To date, we have not experienced any significant disruptions of our operations due to energy curtailments. We primarily use steel, brass, copper, aluminum, nickel, rubber and thermoplastic materials and chemicals as the principal raw materials in our products. We expect these materials to be available from numerous sources in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements. Acquisitions On September 12, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Meggitt plc ("Meggitt"). On June 30, 2025, the Company announced that it has agreed to acquire Curtis Instruments, Inc. from Rehlko. The pending acquisition of Curtis Instruments, Inc. and prior year acquisitions are discussed in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Human Capital Management At Parker, we align employment levels with the global needs of our business and our customers. As of June 30, 2025, we employed approximately 57,950 persons that we refer to as team members, of whom approximately 29,520 were employed by foreign subsidiaries. Our talented and passionate team members are the foundation of Parker s enduring growth, bringing new ideas and perspectives to enhance our safety performance, improve productivity and inspire a diverse and inclusive culture. We see a clear path to a brighter future, and it begins with providing our people the resources that enable them to find personal and professional satisfaction in their work, responsibly move our company forward and strengthen our communities, fulfilling our purpose of Enabling Engineering Breakthroughs that Lead to a Better Tomorrow . 5 Table of Contents The Win Strategy 3.0, Purpose and Values The Win Strategy 3.0 is Parker s business system that defines the goals and initiatives that drive growth, transformation and success. It works with our purpose, which is a foundational element of The Win Strategy, to engage team members and create responsible and sustainable growth. The Win Strategy has four overarching goals: Engaged People, Customer Experience, Profitable Growth and Financial Performance, supported by our shared values of a Winning Culture, Passionate People, Valued Customers and Engaged Leadership. Our shared values shape our culture and our interactions with stakeholders and the communities in which we operate and live. Safety The safety and well-being of Parker team members is our highest priority. Our safety goal is simple: to be the safest industrial company in the world, which we define as having the lowest annual recordable incident rate among our proxy peers. In fiscal year 2025, the recordable incident rate per 100 team members was 0.27, compared to a recordable incident rate of 0.31 in fiscal year 2024. We have successfully reduced our recordable incident rate by over 50% since our fiscal year 2019. Our safety program is anchored on a safety management system that has globally deployed procedures and work instructions, including management of incidents and near miss events. We create a culture of safety through a variety of initiatives, leadership focus, and our commitment to safety as the first stated goal of The Win Strategy. We engage team members in improving safety performance through High Performance Teams ("HPTs"). All Parker manufacturing locations have an active, chartered Safety HPT and every value stream has a representative who is responsible for safety within their area of the business. This ownership culture at the manufacturing level is an integral component of our safety program. Engaged People Engagement directly influences business performance. We strongly believe in empowering our team members to think like owners and take action to improve their areas of the business. Engagement is deeply ingrained in our culture, and as an overarching goal of The Win Strategy it is key to achieving top quartile financial performance. Parker activates engagement through our HPTs, which apply the expertise and perspective of team members who are closest to the product and customer to drive improvement throughout the company. We closely track our progress in support of a high performing work environment through our Global Engagement Survey. Our last completed survey, in fiscal year 2025, achieved a 92% response rate with an overall engagement score of 75%. Talent Development We have a well-defined talent development program managed through our Talent Central system, which connects all business units globally on a common platform and provides team members with visibility to skill development, career planning and learning opportunities. This shared platform is the catalyst for talent management at Parker. Our review process enables us to assess talent globally, from early-in-career roles through senior leaders. This review facilitates the identification of key talent and allows us to build meaningful development plans and align career growth opportunities. The talent process is also supported by our Integrated Career System program which illustrates career paths for various roles and the steps to advance through the organization. Supplementing the talent development process are Parker s learning offerings, which help team members expand their professional skills and take ownership of their learning and development. Examples of center-led programs are our annual ethics and compliance training and cyber security training that all team members are required to complete, in addition to programs for developing supervisory and leadership skills. Functional-specific programs include HPT training, lean bootcamps and kaizen event orientations. Local and regional training includes site safety, equipment safety and site quality requirements. In addition to formal training programs, there are a host of development tools available which include mentoring relationships, coaching and feedback, job shadowing, project bubble assignments and other stretch projects. 6 Table of Contents Inclusion An inclusive environment is a core tenet of our values and one of our key measures of success within The Win Strategy. We have an ongoing commitment to an inclusive and welcoming workplace where everyone feels valued and adds value. One important component of Parker s inclusive workplace is the development and deployment of Business Resource Groups ("BRGs"), each of which is open to all team members. In addition to our BRGs, we have processes in place to attract and retain team members with a wide range of backgrounds, perspectives and experiences, helping to support them with career plans and experienced mentors. Our goal is to promote a strong, inclusive work environment that will provide us the best talent to further strengthen our organization for success. Compensation and Benefits As a global employer, we are committed to offering competitive compensation and benefits, tailored to geography, industry, experience and performance. Our programs are designed to attract team members, motivate and reward performance, drive growth and support retention. We provide benefit programs with the goal of improving physical, mental and financial wellness of our team members throughout their lifetime. Some examples include base and variable pay, health and insurance benefits, paid time off, and retirement saving plans. Information about our Executive Officers Our executive officers as of August 15, 2025, were as follows: Name Position Officer Since (1) Age as of 8/15/25 Jennifer A. Parmentier Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 2015 58 Todd M. Leombruno Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2017 55 Andrew D. Ross President and Chief Operating Officer 2012 58 Mark J. Hart Executive Vice President Human Resources and External Affairs 2016 60 Rachid Bendali Vice President and President Engineered Materials Group 2022 48 Berend Bracht Vice President and President Motion Systems Group 2021 59 Mark T. Czaja Vice President Chief Technology and Innovation Officer 2021 63 Thomas C. Gentile Vice President Global Supply Chain 2017 53 Angela R. Ives Vice President and Controller 2021 52 Matthew A. Jacobson Vice President and President Filtration Group 2025 46 Joseph R. Leonti Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 2014 53 Dinu J. Parel Vice President Chief Digital and Information Officer 2018 44 Jay P. Reidy Vice President and President Aerospace Group 2024 42 Patrick M. Scott Vice President and President Fluid Connectors Group 2024 47 Robert W. Malone Vice President 2014 61 (1) Executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors to serve for a term of one year or until their respective successors are elected, except in the case of death, resignation or removal. Ms. Parmentier has been Chairman of the Board since January 2024 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2023. Before becoming Chief Executive Officer in 2023, she was Chief Operating Officer since August 2021. She was Vice President and President of the Motion Systems Group from February 2019 to August 2021. She was Vice President and President of the Engineered Materials Group from September 2015 to February 2019. She was General Manager of the Hose Products Division from May 2014 to September 2015; and General Manager of the Sporlan Division from May 2012 to May 2014. She is also a Director of Nordson Corporation. Mr. Leombruno has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2021. He was Vice President and Controller from July 2017 to January 2021. He was Vice President and Controller Engineered Materials Group from January 2015 to June 2017; and Director of Investor Relations from June 2012 to December 2014. He is also a Director of The Timken Company. Mr. Ross has been President since January 2024 and Chief Operating Officer since January 2023. He was Vice President and President of the Fluid Connectors Group from September 2015 to December 2022. He was Vice President and President of the Engineered Materials Group from July 2012 to September 2015. 7 Table of Contents Mr. Hart has been Executive Vice President - Human Resources and External Affairs since January 2016. He was Vice President - Total Rewards from August 2013 to January 2016. Mr. Bendali has been Vice President and President of the Engineered Materials Group since August 2022. He was Vice President of Operations for the Engineered Materials Group from October 2021 to July 2022 and was General Manager of the Noise, Vibration and Harshness Division from October 2019 to September 2021. Prior to joining the Company as part of the acquisition of LORD Corporation ("Lord") in October 2019, Mr. Bendali was Vice President at LORD with responsibility for Aerospace and Defense sales, marketing and programs. Mr. Bracht has been Vice President and President of the Motion Systems Group since August 2021. He was Vice President of Operations for the Engineered Materials Group from July 2018 to August 2021. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bendix Commercial Vehicle Systems LLC from 2015 to 2018. Bendix designs, develops and supplies products under the Bendix brand name for medium- and heavy-duty trucks, tractors, trailers, buses, and other commercial vehicles throughout North America. Prior to Bendix, he held several executive leadership positions during his 24-year career at Bosch Rexroth, including President and Chief Executive Officer of Bosch Rexroth Americas. Mr. Czaja has been Vice President - Chief Technology and Innovation Officer since January 2021. He was Vice President of Technology and Innovation for the Motion Systems Group from August 2019 to December 2020; Vice President of Technology and Innovation for the Aerospace Group from August 2004 to July 2019; and Division Engineering Director from October 2000 to July 2004. Mr. Gentile has been Vice President - Global Supply Chain since July 2017. He was General Manager of the Company's Process Filtration Division from December 2013 to July 2017 and was Vice President of Supply Chain for the Filtration Group from July 2008 to November 2013. Ms. Ives has been Vice President and Controller since January 2021. She was Vice President, Assistant Controller from September 2020 to December 2020; Group VP Controller for the Instrumentation Group from November 2019 to August 2020; and Division Controller for the Electromechanical and Drives Division from October 2010 to October 2019. Mr. Jacobson has been Vice President and President of the Filtration Group since July 2025. He was Vice President of Operations for the Motion Systems Group from July 2021 to June 2025 and Vice President of Supply Chain for the Motion Systems Group from June 2020 to June 2021. He held General Manager roles with the Hydraulic Pump and Power Systems Division and the Accumulator and Cooler Division from March 2013 to May 2020. Mr. Leonti has been Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since July 2014. He was Assistant Secretary from April 2011 to July 2014 and Associate General Counsel from January 2008 to July 2014. Mr. Parel has been Vice President - Chief Digital and Information Officer since January 2021. He was Vice President and Chief Information Officer from October 2018 to January 2021. He was Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Dover Corporation from May 2016 through October 2018. Dover is a diversified global manufacturer that delivers equipment and components, consumable supplies, aftermarket parts, software and digital solutions and support services. Mr. Reidy has been Vice President and President of the Aerospace Group since January 2024. He was Vice President of Operations for the Aerospace Group from December 2022 to December 2023. He held General Manager roles with the Precision Fluidics Division, the Advanced Atomization Technologies joint venture, and the Gas Turbine Fuel Systems Division from May 2017 to December 2022. Mr. Scott has been Vice President and President of the Fluid Connectors Group since January 2024. He was Vice President of Operations for the Aerospace Group from May 2021 to December 2023 and also served as Integration Leader for Parker s acquisition of Meggitt plc. He held General Manager roles with the Gas Turbine Fuel Systems Division and the Fluid Systems Connectors Divisions from December 2015 to May 2021. Mr. Malone has been a Vice President since December 2014 and previously also held the role of President of the Filtration Group from December 2014 to June 2025. He was Vice President of Operations for the Filtration Group from January 2013 to December 2014. He is also a Director of The Manitowoc Company, Inc. ITEM 1A . Risk Factors The following "risk factors" identify what we believe to be the risks that could materially adversely affect our financial and/or operational performance. These risk factors should be considered and evaluated together with information incorporated by reference or otherwise included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional risks not currently known to the 8 Table of Contents Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial also may impair the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Business and Operational Risks Risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions may harm our business and make it difficult to project long-term performance. Our business is sensitive to global macro-economic conditions. Macroeconomic downturns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our distributors, customers and suppliers, and on activity in many of the industries and markets we serve. Among the economic factors which may have such an effect are manufacturing and other end-market activity, currency exchange rates, air travel trends, difficulties entering new markets, tariffs and governmental trade and monetary policies, global pandemics, and general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rates and credit availability. These factors may, among other things, negatively impact our level of purchases, capital expenditures, and creditworthiness, as well as our distributors, customers and suppliers, and, therefore, the Company s revenues, operating profits, margins, and order rates. We cannot predict changes in worldwide or regional economic conditions and government policies, as such conditions are highly volatile and beyond our control. In addition, our responses to mitigate the impact of these conditions, such as potential price increases, could negatively impact our market share or relationships with distributors or customers. If these conditions deteriorate or remain at depressed levels for extended periods, however, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. As a global business, we are exposed to economic, political and other risks in different countries in which we operate, which could materially reduce our sales, profitability or cash flows, or materially increase our liabilities. Our net sales attributable to selling locations outside of the United States were approximately 36 percent in 2025, 36 percent in 2024 and 37 percent in 2023. In addition, many of our customers, manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the United States. The Company expects net sales from non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of its total net sales. Our non-U.S. operations are subject to risks in addition to those facing our domestic operations, including: fluctuations in currency exchange rates and/or changes in monetary policy; limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings; transportation delays and other supply chain disruptions; political, social and economic instability and disruptions, including armed conflicts; government embargoes, sanctions or trade restrictions, including possible further restrictions on trade and/or obstacles to conducting business in China; the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers; import and export controls; labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; public health crises, including pandemics; the potential for nationalization of enterprises; difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; potentially adverse tax consequences, including any consequences from the One Big Beautiful Bill Act; and difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely basis. For example, the global nature of our business and our operations exposes us to political, economic, and other conditions in foreign countries and regions, such as the uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and China, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, including trade with China, could adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 9 Table of Contents Increased cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime have posed and could continue to pose a risk to our information technology systems, and a disruption to or breach in the security of such systems, if material, could have adverse effects on our result of operations and financial condition. We rely extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate our business, some of which are managed or accessible by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, telecommunications failures, criminal acts, including hardware or software break-ins or extortion attempts, or viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents) and we suffer any resulting interruption in our ability to manage and operate our business or if our products are affected, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. There can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing, or which we cause or have caused third-parties with access to our systems to implement, will be sufficient to protect and mitigate risks associated with our information technology systems. Additionally, certain of our employees working remotely at times and the increased adoption of generative artificial intelligence may increase our vulnerability to cyber and data protection risks. In addition to existing risks, any adoption or deployment of or exposure to new technologies via acquisitions or internal initiatives or changes to our information technology systems as a result of divestitures may increase our exposure to risks, breaches, or failures, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Furthermore, the Company has access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other contractually-imposed controls. Despite our use of reasonable and appropriate controls, security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming, or employee errors and/or malfeasance have led and could in the future lead to the compromise or improper use of such sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information. Such events may result in possible negative consequences, such as fines, ransom demands, penalties, failure to comply with laws governing sensitive data, loss of reputation, intellectual property, competitiveness or customers, increased security and compliance costs or other negative consequences. Further, the amount of insurance coverage that we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity incident. Depending on the nature and magnitude of these events, they may have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Price and supply fluctuations of the raw materials used in our production processes and by our suppliers of component parts could negatively impact our financial results. Our supply of raw materials could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including availability and pricing. Furthermore, changes to United States and other countries' tariff and import/export regulations have in the past and may in the future have a negative impact on the availability and pricing of raw materials. Prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases could adversely affect our results of operations and profit margins. Our efforts to manage these fluctuations by, among other things, passing along price increases to our customers, may be subject to a time delay between the increased raw material prices and our ability to increase the price of our products, or we may be unable to increase the prices of our products due to pricing pressure, contract terms or other factors. Any such inability to manage fluctuations could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Our suppliers of component parts may significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture the component parts. As a result, we may not be able to increase our prices commensurately with our increased costs. Consequently, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Our operations are subject to natural and man-made unexpected events that may increase our costs, interrupt production or our supply chain or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism or violence, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather in the United States or in other countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Natural disasters, pandemics, equipment failures, power outages or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, and disruption and delay in the transport of our products to dealers, end-users and distribution centers. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events. The impacts of these unexpected events are difficult to predict but could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 10 Table of Contents Changes in the demand for and supply of our products may adversely affect our financial results, financial condition and cash flow. Demand for and supply of our products has been and may be adversely affected by numerous factors, some of which we cannot predict or control. Such factors include: changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers or distributors, including delays or cancellations in shipments, disputes regarding contract terms or significant changes in financial condition, and changes in contract cost and revenue estimates for new development programs; changes in product mix; changes in the market acceptance of our products; increased competition in the markets we serve; declines in the general level of industrial production; weakness in the end-markets we serve; fluctuations in the availability or the prices of raw materials; and fluctuations in currency exchange rates. If any of these factors occur, the demand for and supply of our products could suffer, which could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations. The development of new products and technologies requires substantial investment and is required to remain competitive in the markets we serve. If we are unable to successfully introduce new commercial products, our profitability could be adversely affected. The markets we serve are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect our competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. If we cannot develop, or have difficulties or delays developing new and enhanced products and services, or if we fail to gain market or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies, our revenues may be materially reduced and our competitive position could be materially adversely affected. In addition, we may invest in research and development of products and services, or in acquisitions or other investments, that do not lead to significant revenue, which could adversely affect our profitability. Changes in the competitive environment in which we operate may eliminate any competitive advantages that we currently have, which could adversely impact our business. Our operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which could adversely affect our results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in our margins or market shares. To compete successfully, we must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer experience. We may be required to make material expenditures in order to comply with environmental laws and regulations, to address the effects of climate change and to respond to customer needs and investor expectations regarding climate-related goals, each of which may negatively impact our business. Our operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, subject us to various U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as non-U.S. laws, designed to protect the environment and to regulate the discharge of materials into the environment. These laws impose penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance and liability for response costs, property damages and personal injury resulting from past and current spills, disposals or other releases of, or the exposure to, hazardous materials. Among other laws, we are subject to the U.S. federal "Superfund" law, under which we have been designated as a "potentially responsible party" and may be liable for clean-up costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the United States Environmental Protection Agency s Superfund priority list. We could incur substantial costs as a result of non-compliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental laws, including the "Superfund" law. In addition, worldwide focus on climate change issues has led to legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions in the United States and in other countries in which we operate. Increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change concerns could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw material costs. We are not able to predict how such regulations would affect our business, operations or financial results, but increased regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 11 Table of Contents Climate change could also present risks to our operations. Extreme weather events linked to climate change, including hurricanes, flooding, wildfires, high heat and water scarcity, among others, create physical risks to our operating locations and supply chains. Further, although we are working towards and intend to meet our goal of achieving near-total decarbonization (scope 1 and 2 emissions) within our operations by 2040, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational costs. There can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our climate-related goals will be achieved, if at all, including on the timeline expected by customers or investors, or that any future investments we make in furtherance of achieving our goals will meet customer expectations and needs, investor expectations or market standards regarding sustainability, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our climate-related goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state or international climate-related laws and regulations or meet evolving and varied customer and investor expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us or could cause our customers to find other suppliers, each of which could adversely affect our reputation, the market price of our common shares, our results of operations, our financial condition or our cash flows. We operate in challenging markets for talent and may fail to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team and others at all levels of the company, as a critical part of our human capital resources. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel in a highly competitive labor market, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract other talented personnel or otherwise identify and retain suitable replacements. Any such loss or failure could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Strategic Transactions Risks We are subject to risks relating to acquisitions and joint ventures, and risks relating to the integration of acquired companies. We expect to continue our strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which we believe will enhance our operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities, or that we will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. In addition, we may be unable to consummate announced pending transactions, including the Curtis Instruments, Inc. acquisition, due to an inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or support for otherwise suitable business targets or joint venture opportunities or otherwise, and we may be unable to obtain such regulatory approvals or support or otherwise consummate transactions on the timeline or terms that we anticipate, if at all. Furthermore, there are no assurances that we will be able to avoid acquiring or assuming unexpected liabilities. If we are unable to avoid these risks, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, we may not be able to integrate successfully any businesses that we purchase into our existing business, and it is possible that any acquired businesses or joint ventures may not be profitable. We may encounter, or have encountered, the following difficulties during the integration process: the consequences of a change in tax treatment, including the cost of integration and compliance and the possibility that the full benefits anticipated to result from the acquisitions may not be realized; delays in the integration of management teams, strategies, operations, products, and services; differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures, and management philosophies that may delay successful integration; the ability to retain key employees; the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems; challenges of integrating complex systems, technologies, networks, and other assets of the acquired companies in a manner that minimizes any adverse impact or disruptions to customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituencies; and unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the integration beyond current estimates. If we are unable to avoid these risks, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 12 Table of Contents Our results may be adversely affected if expanded operations from acquisitions are not effectively managed. Our recent acquisitions have expanded, and further acquisitions and joint ventures may expand, significantly the size and complexity and reduce costs of our business. Our future success depends, in part, on the ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose or has posed substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of the expanded global operations and new manufacturing processes and products, and the associated costs and complexity. There can be no assurance of successful management of these matters or that we will realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions. The Company may be subject to risks relating to organizational changes. We regularly execute organizational changes such as divestitures and realignments to support our growth and cost management strategies. We also engage in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. The Company commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. If we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We cannot offer assurances that any of these initiatives will be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. Financial Risks Increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits could adversely affect our liability for such benefits. The funding requirements and the amount of expenses recorded for our defined benefit pension plans are dependent on changes in market interest rates and the value of plan assets, which are dependent on actual plan asset returns. Significant changes in market interest rates and decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets would increase funding requirements and expenses and may adversely impact our results of operations. The Company absorbs a portion of healthcare costs for its employees. If healthcare costs rise significantly and we continue to absorb the majority of these costs, these increasing costs may adversely impact our future results of operations. Additional liabilities relating to changes in tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely impact our financial condition and cash flow. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. Our future financial condition and cash flow could be adversely affected by changes in effective tax rate as a result of changes in tax laws and judicial or regulatory interpretation thereof (including regulations and other guidance promulgated under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act), the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in overall profitability, changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), or changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets. In addition, the amount of income taxes paid by the Company is subject to ongoing audits by non-U.S. and U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from estimated amounts, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Company s tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and cash flow. Our indebtedness and restrictive covenants under our credit facilities could limit our operational and financial flexibility. We have incurred significant indebtedness, and expect to incur additional debt for acquisitions, operations, research and development and capital expenditures, or for other reasons related to our overall capital deployment strategy. Our ability to make interest and scheduled principal payments and meet restrictive covenants could be adversely impacted by changes in the availability, terms and cost of capital, changes in interest rates or changes in our credit ratings or our outlook. These changes could increase our cost of financing and limit our debt capacity, thereby limiting our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, react to market conditions and meet operational and capital needs, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. We carry goodwill on our balance sheet, which is subject to impairment testing and could subject us to significant non-cash charges to earnings in the future if impairment occurs. We have goodwill recorded on our balance sheet. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment annually as of January 1, in the third quarter or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment may exist. Factors that could indicate that our goodwill is impaired include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, lower than projected operating results and cash flows, and slower growth rates in our industry. Declines in our stock price, lower 13 Table of Contents operating results and any decline in industry conditions in the future could increase the risk of impairment. Impairment testing incorporates our estimates of future operating results and cash flows, estimates of allocations of certain assets and cash flows among reporting units, estimates of future growth rates, and our judgment regarding the applicable discount rates used on estimated operating results and cash flows. If we determine at a future time that impairment exists, it may result in a significant non-cash charge to earnings and lower stockholders equity. Legal and Regulatory Risks As a provider of products to the U.S. government, we are subject to additional risks related to future government spending as well as unusual performance conditions and enhanced compliance risks. In addition to the risks identified herein, doing business with the U.S. government subjects us to unusual risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental acquisition regulations. Agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities may be subject to termination, reduction or modification, either at the convenience of the government or for our failure to perform, or other unsatisfactory performance under the applicable contract. We are subject to government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government acquisition regulations. If the Company were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any such investigation, it could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of new government contracts, and we could be subject to fines or penalties associated with contract non-compliance or resulting from such investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Litigation and legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company could decrease our liquidity, impair our financial condition and adversely affect our results of operations. From time to time, we are subject to litigation or other commercial disputes and other legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of any litigation, commercial disputes or other legal or regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict their ultimate outcome, including the outcome of any related appeals. An unfavorable outcome could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, as required by U.S. GAAP, we establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies, including contingencies related to legal claims asserted against us. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We are subject to national and international laws and regulations, such as the anti-corruption laws of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to our business and our employees. Despite our policies, procedures and compliance programs, our internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect the Company from prohibited acts willfully committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate such applicable laws and regulations. Any such improper acts could damage the Company's reputation, subject us to civil or criminal judgments, fines or penalties, and could otherwise disrupt the Company's business, and as a result, could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our operations are subject to certain antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, in particular the United States and Europe. These laws prohibit, among other things, anticompetitive agreements and practices. If any of our commercial agreements or practices are found to violate or infringe such laws, we may be subject to civil and other penalties. We may also be subject to third-party claims for damages. Further, agreements that infringe antitrust and competition laws may be void and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or require modification in order to be lawful and enforceable. Accordingly, any violation of these laws could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Due to the nature of our business and products, we may be liable for damages based on product liability claims. Our businesses expose us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of our products and the products of third-party vendors that we use or resell. Significant product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Although we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our insurance on acceptable terms or that our insurance will provide adequate protection against all potential significant liabilities. Failure to protect our intellectual property and know-how could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage and reduce our sales and profitability, and the cost of protecting our intellectual property may be significant. Protecting our intellectual property is critical to our innovation efforts. We own a number of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade names and other forms of intellectual property related to our products and services throughout the world and 14 Table of Contents in the operation of our business. We also have exclusive and non-exclusive rights to intellectual property owned by others. Our intellectual property may be challenged, stolen or otherwise infringed upon by third parties or we may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. In addition, the global nature of our business increases the risk that our intellectual property may be subject to infringement, theft or other unauthorized use or disclosure by others. In some cases, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights by legal recourse or otherwise may be limited, particularly in countries where laws or enforcement practices are inadequate or undeveloped. And the cost of enforcing our rights may be significant. Unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property rights or our inability to protect our intellectual property rights could lead to reputational harm and/or adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations. 