=== ECL_2026-03-20.htm.gz ===
tm2530816-3_nonfiling - none - 57.5747761s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 ECOLAB INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS OUR PURPOSE A trusted partner for millions of customers, Ecolab Inc. is a global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services that help protect people and the resources vital to life. For more than a century, Ecolab has advanced innovation by integrating science-based solutions, data-driven insights, AI technology and world-class service. This unique combination enables Ecolab to partner with customers to define what best-in-class looks like and scale it across their operations, helping them achieve peak performance. Protecting people and the resources vital to life Today, Ecolab has $16 billion in annual sales, 48,000 associates and customers in more than 170 countries and 40 industries. The company helps protect one-third of the world s food production and a quarter of the power generated while delivering innovative solutions across food, healthcare, data centers, microelectronics, life sciences and hospitality. Ecolab s comprehensive approach protects what s vital, aiming by 2030 to help protect 2 billion people from infections and enough drinking water for 1 billion people while enhancing business performance. Helping customers succeed From hotels, restaurants and healthcare facilities to food and beverage plants, data centers, manufacturing plants and power generation facilities across the globe, Ecolab s 25,000-strong sales-and-service team uses innovative solutions to help solve the most pressing challenges our customers face. Many of the world s leading companies rely on Ecolab to help ensure product quality and guest satisfaction, maintain brand reputation and advance progress toward their operational and sustainability goals. Providing personalized service We believe Ecolab s ultimate competitive advantage is found in our industry-leading sales-and-service force. Every customer challenge is unique, which is why we partner with customers in their facilities, providing innovative solutions, digital technologies and insights. Developing innovative solutions Our team of approximately 3,000 scientists, engineers, technical specialists and digital specialists create innovative solutions, including antimicrobials, dispensing and monitoring, personal and environmental hygiene, polymers, surfactants, solid chemistry, water management and data analytics, working to improve operational efficiency, product quality and safety for our customers. THE VALUE WE DELIVER Helping Customers Succeed while Protecting People and the Resources Vital to Life We grow fast by enabling the best outcomes for people, planet, and business health, and working to deliver long-term value to customers and stockholders. PEOPLE HEALTH PLANET HEALTH BUSINESS HEALTH Help people thrive by protecting their individual health, the food they eat, and the spaces where they live and work Help the planet thrive by protecting the earth s climate and its most valuable resource: water Help businesses thrive by protecting their reputations and their bottom line Millions of Customers 100+ Year History of Innovation Team of 48,000 Associates $24.8M donated in 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS A Message from Ecolab s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDER: 2025 was another record year for Ecolab. Thanks to our 48,000 associates, we delivered record sales, earnings per share, operating income margins and free cash flow by staying focused on what matters most: taking care of our customers and each other. This approach continues to drive strong, consistent growth across the Company. Our team delivered strong performance across our businesses. Institutional Specialty helped hospitality customers improve performance, address labor challenges and run efficiently. Global Water drove growth by delivering measurable value across commercial and industrial markets and advanced major opportunities in the fast-growing microelectronics and data center industries. Life Sciences delivered another strong year in biopharma as demand for high standards in contamination control and purification grew. And Pest Elimination drove strong growth as our digitally connected smart devices expanded their reach and delivered stronger outcomes for customers. A major highlight of the year was welcoming Ovivo Electronics to the Ecolab family. Its world-leading ultrapure water technology strengthens our position across the microelectronics value chain and enables a best-in-class circular water offering for the fast-growing semiconductor market. With Ovivo, we now have the capability to serve all three industries fueling Artificial Intelligence s (AI) growth: fabs, power systems and data centers. Innovation continued to fuel our progress. We introduced smarter, more automated, more sustainable solutions across our portfolio from advanced liquid cooling for data centers to AI-enabled cleaning systems in food and beverage facilities and Purolite resins for life-saving drug production. These solutions combine science-based expertise, data-driven insights, AI technologies and world-class service. This unique blend is what defines Ecolab, as we help millions of customers across 40 industries in 170 countries deliver better outcomes, higher performance and minimized environmental impact. It s why we know what best-in-class looks like and how to help every customer reach it. Our purpose-driven growth was also recognized globally. Ecolab was named one of the World s Most Admired Companies by Fortune, ranking first in our industry for the 12th year. We also earned a rare Double-A rating by CDP, the world s leading environmental rating organization, and were named on the Ethical Companies list by Ethisphere for the 20th consecutive year. Our momentum in AI was also recognized on Fortune s AIQ ranking, which identifies companies best prepared to lead in the age of AI. Ecolab s number nine position reflects how we apply advanced analytics and AI technologies that help customers operate more efficiently, drive growth and conserve water and energy. We are helping shape the future of AI by combining deep technical expertise with purposeful innovation. As we look ahead, the world is growing more complex, and our diverse portfolio positions us well to help customers stay ahead. We win by delivering better business outcomes, stronger operational performance and lower environmental impact, and we continue to raise the bar by investing in our people, technologies and One Ecolab growth strategy. The momentum we built this year gives us a strong foundation for the years ahead, and with a more connected organization, advanced portfolio and deeper customer partnerships, we are well positioned to keep delivering high performance for our customers and shareholders. I look forward to sharing more detailed updates at our upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders. You can find details of the business to be addressed in our Notice of Annual Meeting and the Proxy Statement. I invite you to join the live webcast at 9:30 a.m., Central Time on May 7, 2026, and make your vote count. To attend, vote and submit questions, please visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ECL2026 and enter the 16-digit control number found in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, voting instruction form or proxy card. I m proud of what our team accomplished in 2025 and excited for what comes next. Thank you for your belief in Ecolab and in the work we do together. The best chapters of our story are ahead. Christophe Beck CHAIRMAN CEO TABLE OF CONTENTS A Message from Ecolab s Lead Independent Director DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDER: As lead independent director, and on behalf of all Ecolab independent directors, I invite you to join the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 7, 2026, where you will hear important updates about Ecolab s performance and have the opportunity to vote on the proposals included in the Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. As we reflect on 2025, I am pleased to share that Ecolab had another year of strong performance, disciplined execution and meaningful progress toward our long-term strategy. Ecolab continues to demonstrate resilience and innovation in a dynamic global environment, delivering results for customers while creating sustainable value for shareholders. Our performance this year once again reinforces the strength of our strategy, leadership and purpose-driven culture. Ecolab delivered another year of strong returns while maintaining financial discipline. Together, we generated healthy top-line growth, improved margin performance and delivered strong free cash flow again in 2025. The company s ability to consistently deliver these results while continuing to invest in R D, digital innovation, talent and growth opportunities demonstrates focused leadership and a long-term mindset. The Board remains confident in Ecolab s financial strength and strategic direction. Maintaining a balanced and effective capital allocation framework remains a priority, including reinvesting to drive growth and announcing a 12% increase in our quarterly cash dividend the 34 th consecutive annual increase. In May 2025, we welcomed Marion Gross to the Board as an independent director and member of the Compensation Human Capital Management and the Safety, Health Environment Committees. Marion s extensive global business experience and deep knowledge of the global foodservice industry have already made her an exceptional asset to the Board. In August 2025, we also welcomed Julie Whalen to the Board as an independent director and member of the Audit and Finance Committees. Julie s comprehensive executive leadership experience and global perspective also had a significant impact. In February 2026, Victoria Reich informed the Board that she would not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Vicki has been a valued colleague and trusted advisor, consistently offering independent perspectives and her deep financial expertise and global leadership experience. We are deeply grateful for her 17 years of service, including seven years as Chair of the Audit Committee. We thank her for all the contributions she made to Ecolab and our team. As Lead Independent Director, I remain committed to serving the best interests of Ecolab s shareholders by ensuring our independent directors provide strong oversight and remain deeply engaged in the company s most significant strategic and investment decisions. By continuing to prioritize engaging with investors, I ve been able to incorporate their perspectives to help align Ecolab s strategy with shareholder expectations. I m also continuing to support ongoing Board refreshment by overseeing planned rotations of key Chair roles to bring fresh perspectives and ensure our governance remains rigorous, forward-looking and proactive. As I look ahead, I remain confident in Ecolab s ability to continue delivering strong performance and long-term value. I want to extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for their continued trust and support, which empower us to pursue our strategy with focus and ambition. I also am deeply appreciative of the Board s steadfast leadership and their belief in Ecolab s future. Their engagement and guidance strengthen our ability to advance our purpose, support our team and deliver sustainable growth for the years to come. David W. MacLennan LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF ECOLAB INC. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Ecolab Inc. will be held virtually on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 9:30 a.m., Central Time, by means of a live webcast. We will vote on the matters described below, which are more fully explained in the Proxy Statement. Our Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only . You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting at a physical location. M EETING I NFORMATION DATE AND TIME Thursday, May 7, 2026 9:30 a.m., Central Time VIRTUAL MEETING To attend the Annual Meeting visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ECL2026 and enter the 16-digit control number included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, voting instruction form, or proxy card and follow the prompts. You will be able to participate in the virtual annual meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit questions during the meeting. For more information on how to vote, see Voting Procedures in the General Information section starting on page 87 of the Proxy Statement. WHO MAY VOTE Our Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on March 10, 2026 as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting. PROPOSALS BOARD RECOMMENDATION SEE PAGE 1 Election of 13 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement to a one-year term ending in May 2027 FOR each director nominee 13 2 Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers disclosed in the Proxy Statement FOR 41 3 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the current year ending December 31, 2026 FOR 80 4 Stockholder proposal regarding an independent board chair policy, if properly presented at the meeting AGAINST 83 5 Transaction of such other business as may properly come before our Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof By Order of the Board of Directors, Jandeen M. Boone EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, GENERAL COUNSEL AND SECRETARY March 23, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS This Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Stockholders of Ecolab Inc. are available at www.proxyvote.com. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT! PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR PROXY TODAY. Your vote is a valuable part of the investment made in our Company and is the best way to influence corporate governance and decision-making. Please take time to read the enclosed materials and vote! Please vote as promptly as possible by using any of the following methods: INTERNET TELEPHONE MAIL MOBILE DEVICE You may vote by proxy by visiting www.proxyvote.com and entering the 16-digit control number found on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, voting instruction form, or proxy card. The availability of online voting may depend on the voting procedures of the organization that holds your shares. Call 1-800-690-6903 using any touch-tone telephone Mark, sign, and date your proxy card or voting instruction form and return it in the postage-paid envelope Scan the QR code using your mobile device to go to www.proxyvote.com You can also vote during the Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ECL2026, entering the 16-digit control number, and following the instructions. For more detailed Information, see the section entitled Voting Procedures beginning on page 87 . TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 1 Business Highlights 1 Awards and Recognition 2 Growing Fast, Growing Our Impact, Growing Our Team 3 Our Approach 4 Board Oversight 4 Recent Accomplishments 5 Stockholder Outreach and Engagement 7 Our Year-Round Stockholder Engagement Program 7 Board of Directors Overview 9 Director Nominees 9 Board Composition after the Annual Meeting 10 Corporate Governance Highlights 10 Compensation Highlights 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS 13 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 13 Director Nominees 13 Director Selection Process 13 Director Nominee Experience and Qualifications 14 Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors 17 Corporate Governance 24 Overview 24 Director Independence 24 Board Leadership Structure 25 Executive Sessions 25 Board Committees 26 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 30 Corporate Governance Practices 32 Board and Committee Evaluations 32 Code of Conduct 32 Political Contributions and Trade Associations Disclosures 32 Communications with Directors 33 Stockholder Recommendations for Directors 33 Director Attendance 33 Compensation Human Capital Management Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 33 Related Person Transactions 34 Director Compensation for 2025 34 Stock Retention and Ownership Guidelines 35 Director Compensation Table 35 Changes Effective in 2026 36 SECURITY OWNERSHIP 37 Executive Officers and Directors 37 Certain Beneficial Owners 38 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 38 EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP 40 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 41 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 41 Compensation Human Capital Management Committee Report 42 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 43 Executive Summary 43 Compensation Philosophy and Process 46 Program Elements 49 Other Compensation Policies and Considerations 56 Compensation Risk Analysis 58 Compensation Tables 59 Summary Compensation Table for 2025 59 Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2025 61 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End for 2025 63 Option Exercises and Stock Vested for 2025 65 Pension Benefits for 2025 66 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation for 2025 69 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 70 Pay versus Performance 74 Financial Performance Measures 76 Description of Relationships between Information Presented 76 Pay Ratio Disclosure 78 Equity Compensation Plan Information 79 AUDIT-RELATED MATTERS 80 Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 80 Audit Committee Report 81 Audit Fees 82 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL 83 Proposal 4 Stockholder Proposal Regarding an Independent Board Chair Policy 83 Stockholder Proposal 83 Recommendation of the Board of Directors 84 GENERAL INFORMATION 87 Questions and Answers about the Annual Meeting 87 Voting Procedures 87 Quorum, Abstentions, and Broker Non-Votes 88 Vote Tabulation 89 Voting by Plan Participants 90 List of Registered Stockholders 90 Other Information 90 APPENDIX A 94 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary This proxy summary is intended to provide a broad overview of the items that you will find elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and we encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. We are first making this Proxy Statement and accompanying form of proxy available to our stockholders on March 23, 2026. References made below to Ecolab, the Company, we, our, or us are to Ecolab Inc. BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS OUR 2025 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS* Reported Sales Organic Sales Reported OI Margin Organic OI Margin Reported Diluted EPS Adjusted Diluted EPS +2% +3% (80) bps +150 bps (1)% +13% * Organic Sales, Organic OI Margin and Adjusted Diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. See Appendix A for reconciliation information of these Non-GAAP financial measures to U.S. GAAP. Organic sales grew 3% with all segments delivering growth. Innovation continued to fuel our progress. We introduced smarter, more automated, more sustainable solutions across our portfolio from advanced liquid cooling for data centers to AI-enabled cleaning systems in food and beverage facilities and Purolite resins for life-saving drug production. These solutions combine science-based expertise, data-driven insights, AI technologies and world-class service. This unique blend is what defines Ecolab, as we help millions of customers across 40 industries in 170 countries deliver better outcomes, higher performance and minimized environmental impact. Our team generated strong organic sales growth in Global Pest Elimination and Global Life Sciences, and good organic sales growth in Global Institutional Specialty and Global Water. Organic operating income grew by double digits, as strong value pricing and improved productivity were partially offset by investments in the business. This solid performance reflected continued value pricing backed by leading customer value, strong new business wins, and breakthrough innovation that helps our customers improve their performance while also reducing their operating costs. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary AWARDS AND RECOGNITION Recognized for commitment to sustainable and responsible corporate practices Dow Jones Best-in-Class Indices Ranked on the 2024 World and North American Indices EcoVadis Gold Medal 10th consecutive year Ethisphere s 2026 World s Most Ethical Companies 20th consecutive year every year since its inception FT4Good Index Series Included in the series of benchmark and tradable indexes for ESG investors MSCI AAA ESG Rating Recognized for efforts toward the global good JUST Capital CNBC S 2025 America s Most JUST Companies 5th consecutive year on the JUST 100 List Selling Power s 2025 60 Best Companies to Sell For 19 th time in 21 years Recognized as an employer of choice DEI S 2025 Disability Equality Index Earned a top score of 100 on the Disability Index for the fourth consecutive year. Global ERG Network s GEN IMPACT Awards Ecolab s ERG program was named a Top 10 Enterprise-Wide Program for the second year in a row. Recognized as a leader in voluntary, transparent reporting Global Reporting Initiative Reporting since 2005 CDP A Lists A Rankings for Climate Change and Water Security. Reporting since 2006 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Reporting since 2016 Task Force On Climate-Related Disclosures Reporting since 2018 2 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary GROWING FAST, GROWING OUR IMPACT, GROWING OUR TEAM Ecolab operates at the intersection of global macrotrends that directly influence long-term growth and risk, including public health, climate change, artificial intelligence and increasing pressure on water and energy resources. These dynamics are reshaping customer demand and investment decisions across industries. At Ecolab, they reinforce the strength and relevance of our business model. By improving operational performance while reducing water and energy use, Ecolab delivers measurable economic value at scale. Our best-in-class, outcomes-driven partnership model integrates science-based solutions, digital insights, and service expertise to help customers lower costs, manage risk, and operate more efficiently across more than 40 industries. This performance advantage enables growth in a resource-constrained world and strengthens long-term customer relationships built on shared value. Ecolab s financial performance and positive impact are mutually reinforcing. Reduced water and energy use, improved productivity and smarter operations translate directly into customer value creation and sustained business growth. And as demand for AI and other resource-intensive technologies accelerates, water management is becoming a critical enabler of growth. Ecolab is well positioned to help customers navigate this transition with solutions that support resilience, performance and long-term value creation. E NABLING C USTOMERS TO A CHIEVE E XPONENTIAL O UTCOMES Ecolab helps customers do more with less by improving performance, increasing operational efficiency and advancing sustainable impact. Through a powerful combination of science-based solutions, data-driven insights and world-class service, Ecolab delivers compounding outcomes, benefiting both customers and the communities in which they operate. This is eROI: the exponential return on investment customers achieve when stronger business outcomes, efficiency gains and environmental progress reinforce one another. As Ecolab grows, these outcomes scale, amplifying impact and value across industries. In 2024, we delivered value and impact to our customers: ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary O UR A PPROACH The Board uses a framework for key risks and opportunities considered to be most relevant to our long-term sustainability. This framework is informed by the 21 core metrics and disclosures outlined in the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) report entitled, Measuring Stakeholder Capitalism: Towards Common Metrics and Consistent Reporting of Sustainable Value Creation. Our framework aligns with the four themes in the WEF report People, Planet, Prosperity and Principles of Governance. Responsibility for oversight of the metrics and disclosures included in the framework were assigned to the Board and its Committees through our Corporate Governance Principles, Committee Charters, and Core Agendas, based on the expertise of each Committee. Each year, the Board and its Committees review our Corporate Governance Principles, Committee Charters, and Core Agendas for alignment to the environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and sustainable business practices we aspire to achieve in accordance with this framework. Board Oversight Our Safety, Health and Environment ( SH E ) Committee plays a prominent part in oversight, with responsibility for reviewing and overseeing our sustainability policies, programs, and practices that affect, or could affect, our employees, customers, stockholders and neighboring communities. The SH E Committee s work is informed by our Sustainability Executive Advisory Team, led by the Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer. The Sustainability Executive Advisory Team monitors the risks and opportunities related to climate change and water stress, as well as our overall sustainability performance by collaborating with the global SH E, supply chain, regulatory and corporate risk departments. The SH E Committee receives regular updates from management on the Company s sustainability goals and activities. For example, the SH E Committee s sustainability reviews include: overall climate-related risks and progress towards Ecolab s approved Science Based Climate Target aligned to a 1.5 C pathway to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, actions to implement the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ), and water stewardship as a critical entry point to nature to inform and help guide our TCFD ambition. Other committees of the Board, such as the Audit Committee, Governance Committee and the Compensation Human Capital Management Committee follow a similar process for the sustainability and social responsibility topics over which they exercise oversight. The Board receives an annual presentation from members of the Sustainability Executive Advisory Team on our progress against our sustainability goals, and implementation of projects and related activities, which include management of water and climate-related issues, as appropriate. The Committees also report to the Board on their activities related to these topics. These activities contribute to the Board s oversight of sustainability, climate- and water-related issues. SUSTAINABILITY EXECUTIVE ADVISORY TEAM BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE COMPENSATION HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE SAFETY, HEALTH ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE 4 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary R ECENT A CCOMPLISHMENTS Environmental Stewardship In 2025, management reported to the SH E Committee on Ecolab s progress toward its Positive Impact goals. This included performance related to improving water efficiency, reducing wastewater, mitigating water-related risks, advancing alternative energy sourcing and monitoring and managing nature and biodiversity risks as part of Ecolab s water stewardship strategy. Highlights of our efforts in 2025 include: Reaffirming Ecolab s commitment as a founding member of the Water Resilience Coalition (WRC), which has grown to 42 member companies representing more than $5 trillion in market capitalization. Ecolab also joined other participants in partnering with Water.org to launch Get Blue , an initiative aimed at providing lasting access to safe water or sanitation for 200 million people by 2030. Partnering with CDP to launch the Water Use Efficiency Index, a new benchmark designed to help companies measure, compare and improve operational water performance by providing sector- specific ranges for best-in-class efficiency and optimized targets. Continuing leadership of the California Water Resilience Initiative (CWRI), convening leaders from business, government, philanthropy and civil society at the third annual California Water Resilience Forum to strengthen water resilience and address California s projected water supply gap by 2030. Supporting the scale-up of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) through leadership in the Minnesota Sustainable Aviation Fuel Hub, applying Ecolab s operational, water stewardship and renewable fuel expertise to help build an integrated SAF value chain and enable low-carbon aviation. Making progress toward Positive Water Impact through achievement of Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) certification at 14 Ecolab facilities across Brazil, Chile, China, Mexico and the United States. Deploying a geothermal field at Ecolab s Innovation Center in Eagan, Minnesota, generating up to 56% of the campus s energy demand from renewable sources and supporting progress toward the goal of halving operational greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 from a 2018 base year. Social Responsibility For over a century we have believed that doing the right thing, the right way, was good for business. This remains unchanged. More than ever, we believe that we will continue to grow fast by growing our net positive impact on people and the planet and by growing our teams. We believe that Ecolab s long-term success, world-class innovation and best-in-class performance have benefited from a workplace that increasingly matches our end markets, and where individuals from all backgrounds are encouraged to reach their full potential. We believe in providing training and career development opportunities to all employees and in compensating and rewarding our employees equitably based on merit. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT HIGHLIGHTS We also invested significant amounts of time and money in the growth and development of our associates globally. 603,553 HOURS 39 HOURS $294 Collectively, total hours that employees spent on learning development On average, total hours of training development we gave each of our employees The average training development expenditure per full-time employee We primarily engage with the communities in which we operate through the Ecolab Foundation. Since 1986, the Ecolab Foundation has implemented community impact programs to support communities where our employees live and work, focusing on giving to local non-profit organizations in the areas of: youth and education arts and culture civic and community development environment, conservation, and water Through this work, we engage in direct dialogue with a variety of community groups to understand what matters most and incorporate their feedback into our approach. 2025 IMPACT $13M to organizations that supported education, basic needs, job training, arts, and the environment 78% of grants were aligned to our 2030 Impact aspirations, with focused support for organizations advancing social equity Governance We believe that strong and effective corporate governance is essential to our overall success and are committed to maintaining a corporate governance structure that promotes long-term stockholder value and supports Ecolab s policies and programs that affect, or could affect, our employees, customers, stockholders, and neighboring communities. Our Board reviews our major governance policies, practices and processes regularly in the context of current corporate governance trends, investor feedback, regulatory changes and recognized best practices. Our focus on governance carries through the organization and is an important part of Ecolab s corporate culture. POSITIVE IMPACT ON COMPANY CULTURE Over 99% Annual Code of Conduct Training Completion 100% Regional Compliance Professional Coverage Recognized as one of the World s most Ethical Companies for 20 consecutive years 6 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary STOCKHOLDER OUTREACH AND ENGAGEMENT We recognize the value of, and are committed to, engaging with our stockholders. We believe strong corporate governance includes proactive outreach and engagement with our stockholders on a regular basis and in a variety of settings throughout the year to better understand the issues that are important to them. These opportunities enable us to learn about matters important to our stockholders, driving improvements in our policies, communications and other areas. As part of our stockholder engagement program, our senior management team engaged with over 1,500 investors during 2025 on a variety of topics in a number of forums including quarterly earnings calls, investor and industry conferences, roadshows, analyst meetings, our biennial investor day, and individual corporate governance and sustainability-related discussions with stockholders. In 2025, our Lead Independent Director also participated in conversations with stockholders representing approximately 34% of our shares. Our Year-Round Stockholder Engagement Program STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT IN 2025 INVESTORS CONTACTED DISCUSSIONS HELD PRIMARY TOPICS DISCUSSED 32 INVESTORS 14 INVESTORS Governance and Oversight Executive Compensation Representing 52% Outstanding Shares Representing 41% Outstanding Shares Sustainability Programs Human Capital Governance ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary WHO PARTICIPATED Lead Independent Director Senior Management Investor Relations Corporate Secretary WHAT WE HEARD HOW WE RESPONDED Governance Our stockholders generally support the current Board leadership structure that has a combined Chairman/CEO and a strong Lead Independent Director. Stockholders remain interested in the Board s refreshment efforts, indicating support for our ongoing, deliberate approach to refreshment. Information about the Lead Independent Director s duties is on page 25 . The Lead Independent Director participated in calls with stockholders representing 34% of Ecolab s outstanding stock, further demonstrating the Board s independence. The refreshment process is led by the Governance Committee as described on page 13 . Executive Compensation Program Stockholders generally support our executive compensation program. The Compensation Human Capital Management Committee retained the overall structure and philosophy of our compensation plans and programs in 2025. Sustainability and Human Capital Stockholders expressed support for our sustainability focus and the resources we direct towards attracting, retaining and developing our employees. We remain committed to our sustainability focus and to creating an engaging and inclusive culture. 8 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary BOARD OF DIRECTORS OVERVIEW D IRECTOR N OMINEES The Board of Directors is asking you to elect 13 director nominees. The table below provides summary information about the nominees. A nominee will only be elected if the number of votes cast for the nominee s election is greater than the number of votes cast against the nominee. For more information, see page 89 . NAME PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AGE DIRECTOR SINCE INDEPENDENT OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Judson B. Althoff CEO of Commercial Business, Microsoft Corporation 53 2024 0 Shari L. Ballard CEO, Minnesota United FC 59 2018 0 Christophe Beck Chairman and CEO, Ecolab Inc. 58 2020 1 Michel D. Doukeris CEO, Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 52 2025 2* Eric M. Green Chairman, President, and CEO, West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. 56 2022 1 Marion K. Gross Former Executive Vice President and Global Chief Supply Chain Officer, McDonald s Corporation 65 2025 0 Michael Larson Chief Investment Officer to William H. Gates III 66 2012 3 David W. MacLennan Former Chairman and CEO, Cargill, Incorporated 66 2015 1 Tracy B. McKibben Founder and CEO, MAC Energy Advisors LLC 57 2015 1 Lionel L. Nowell III Former Senior Vice President and Treasurer, PepsiCo, Inc. 71 2018 2 Suzanne M. Vautrinot President, Kilovolt Consulting, Inc.; retired Major General of the U.S. Air Force 66 2014 3 Julie P. Whalen Former Executive Vice President and CFO, Expedia Group, Inc. 55 2025 0 John J. Zillmer CEO and Director, Aramark 70 2006 2 Chairman of the Board of Directors Lead Independent Director * As an integral part of his job duties as CEO of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ( AB InBev ), Mr. Doukeris sits on the boards of two publicly traded companies that are majority owned and controlled by AB InBev. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary B OARD C OMPOSITION A FTER THE A NNUAL M EETING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS 12 of 13 director nominees are independent Regular and deliberate Board of Directors refreshment, resulting in balanced tenure We have a Lead Independent Director with robust duties who is selected by the independent directors Our Code of Conduct reflects principles, values and expectations that align with our mission and culture Board leadership rotations rotated 80% of committee chairs since 2021 Robust stockholder rights, including market-standard proxy access, and the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting and act by written consent 10 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS COMPENSATION PROGRAM OBJECTIVES AND PHILOSOPHY Support our corporate vision and long-term financial objectives Communicate the importance of business results Retain and motivate executives important to our success Reward executives for contributions at a level reflecting our performance COMPENSATION ELEMENT 2025 ACTIONS AND RESULTS BASE SALARIES Our CEO, COO and CFO each received a 3.5% merit increase, in line with the principles and metrics used to deliver the Company s U.S. salary increases broadly. Our EVP President Institutional Group received a 13.6% merit increase, which is intended to move his base salary towards the market median following his promotion to his current position in 2023. ANNUAL CASH INCENTIVES Our CEO received a bonus payout at 148% of target based on the achievement of adjusted diluted EPS and the Growth Impact modifier performance measures. Other NEOs received a bonus payout ranging from 132% to 149% of their respective targets, in each case based on adjusted diluted EPS and other performance measures applicable to them. LONG-TERM INCENTIVES Long-term equity incentive awards consisted of 60% PBRSUs and 40% stock options. The overall target values of these awards were near or within the median range of our size-adjusted competitive market for each NEO. The PBRSUs granted in December 2025 for the 2026-2028 performance period ( 2026-2028 PBRSUs ): utilize organic ROIC as the performance measure; incorporate a maximum performance payout of 200% for overperformance; and include a relative total shareholder return ( relative TSR ) modifier. The PBRSUs granted in December 2022 for the 2023-2025 performance period ( 2023-2025 PBRSUs ) paid out at 100% of target award opportunities based on adjusted ROIC performance, which was the performance measure for PBRSU grants made prior to 2023. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary We believe that our long-term equity incentive program, which typically accounts for at least half of our NEOs total annual compensation, is an effective tool in aligning our executives interests with those of our stockholders and in incentivizing long-term value creation. For more information on our compensation philosophy and process, see page 46 . 12 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the 13 nominees named in this Proxy Statement to a one-year term ending in 2027. DIRECTOR NOMINEES The Governance Committee of our Board of Directors has nominated the 13 persons named on the following pages for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. If elected, the nominees will hold office as directors from election until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified or until their death, resignation or removal. All of the nominees are currently Company directors who were appointed by stockholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting, except for Ms. Whalen. Ms. Whalen was elected to the Board effective August 6, 2025, and assigned to the Audit Committee and the Finance Committee. Ms. Whalen was initially referred by an external search firm that was retained to identify potential candidates, recommended by the Governance Committee and interviewed by independent members of the Board. We would like to thank our valued colleague, Victoria J. Reich, who is not standing for re-election, for her service and valuable contributions to the Board. D IRECTOR S ELECTION P ROCESS Our Governance Committee leads all efforts related to Board refreshment. Each year, our Governance Committee reviews its Board membership qualifications and assesses the composition of the Board against these criteria, with a focus towards ensuring that the Board includes directors who possess the necessary backgrounds, experiences, and knowledge, offer a range of perspectives, and demonstrate independent judgment. The Governance Committee seeks to ensure that directors have a wide range of professional and personal skills that will support meaningful contributions to the strategic vision of the Company and oversight of business risks. We believe directors with such diversity of skills and experiences provide a deeper and better understanding of our customers and the business environments in which they operate, our end markets, and our associate experiences in the global workforce. The Governance Committee also considers possible conflicts of interest, and any other factors it determines appropriate to meeting the needs of the Board at that particular time. Accordingly, and as set forth in the Governance Committee charter and the Corporate Governance Principles, the Governance Committee will identify, evaluate and recommend, and the Board nominates, candidates for election or re-election to the Board, based on criteria including the following: the highest standards of personal and professional integrity the ability and judgment to serve the long-term interest of our stockholders relevant background, professional expertise and experience relevant to our business that will contribute to the overall effectiveness of the Board broad business and social perspective demonstrated independence of thought and judgment the ability to communicate openly with other directors and to meaningfully participate in the Board s decision-making process commitment to serve on the Board for a period of time that ensures continuity and sufficient time to develop knowledge about our business willingness to devote appropriate time and effort to fulfilling the duties and responsibilities of a Board member the ability and willingness to objectively appraise the performance of management any other factors the Committee deems appropriate to meeting the needs of the Board at that particular time Under our Corporate Governance Principles, the preferable size of the Board is between 11 and 15 members, in order to facilitate effective discussion and decision-making, adequate staffing of Board Committees, and a desired mix of diversified experience and background. Effective as of the Annual Meeting, the size of our Board of Directors will be 13 members. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters DIRECTOR RECRUITMENT PROCESS Board composition is continuously analyzed to ensure alignment with strategy Candidate recommendations are identified with input from directors, management, and other stakeholders The Governance Committee screens qualifications, considers expertise and experience, interviews potential candidates, and recommends nominees Board of Directors evaluates candidates, reviews conflicts and independence, interviews recommended candidates, and selects nominees Stockholders vote on nominees at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders Regular and deliberate refreshment resulting in balanced tenure and experience needed by the Company D IRECTOR N OMINEE E XPERIENCE AND Q UALIFICATIONS The Board of Directors and the Governance Committee believe our director nominees possess the broad and diverse skills, experience, and background required to oversee management of our large and complex global business and to carry out their responsibilities as directors. The following chart provides a snapshot of the experience, expertise, and skills of our director nominees and our Board as a whole. Director Experience, Expertise, and Skills Our Board believes these experiences, expertise, and skills contribute to effective oversight of our strategy and operations and are aligned with our long-term business strategies. DIRECTOR EXPERIENCE, EXPERTISE, AND SKILLS IMPORTANCE TO ECOLAB CEO experience CEO experience provides proven experience driving change and growth, managing risk, and setting and executing corporate strategy. Industry experience This experience offers valuable insight into the market, technology, and operations of our largest businesses, including the Water business, Institutional Specialty business, Life Sciences business, and Pest Elimination business. Global business operations With approximately 47% of sales outside the U.S., knowledge of global business operations is critical to assessing our business risks and opportunities. Science / innovation Experience solving problems as an engineer or scientist offers insights into technical innovations driving our corporate growth. Accounting / financial expertise The Board aims to have several members who qualify as financial experts to oversee management s preparation of financial statements and internal accounting controls. Human capital management The Board values experience relevant to understanding our global employee population and related risks, as well as executive compensation expertise. Water / energy This expertise offers important insight into our strategic and operational goals to drive growth and higher returns through products that help customers achieve responsible water and energy use. Digital / cybersecurity Expertise in digital and cybersecurity fields supports oversight of our digital product offerings, as well as effective monitoring of cybersecurity, privacy and similar risks. Supply chain and manufacturing Supply chain experience offers insight into efficient operations, capital needs, and production strategies and perspective on our safety and sustainability initiatives. Public company corporate governance Experience on one or more other public company boards offers additional perspective on key governance and risk issues facing large corporations. M A Experience with mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures offers insight into the strategic, operational, and financial impact of these transactions. 14 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters The following matrix highlights the mix of key skills and expertise that, among other factors, led the Board and the Governance Committee to recommend these nominees for election to the Board. The matrix is intended to depict notable areas of focus for each director nominee. The absence of a mark does not mean that a particular director does not possess that qualification or skill. DIRECTORS DIRECTOR EXPERIENCE, EXPERTISE, AND SKILLS ALTHOFF BALLARD BECK DOUKERIS GREEN GROSS LARSON MACLENNAN MCKIBBEN NOWELL VAUTRINOT WHALEN ZILLMER CEO experience Industry experience Global business operations Science / innovation Accounting / financial expertise Human capital management Water / energy Digital / cybersecurity Supply chain and manufacturing Public company corporate governance M A The following charts illustrate the Board composition after the Annual Meeting. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Our Board selected these 13 director nominees based on their diverse set of skills, perspective, experience, employment and background, which align with our business strategy and contribute to the effective oversight of Ecolab. In nominating Mr. Doukeris, the Board considered his role as CEO of AB InBev and his service on the boards of two publicly traded companies that are majority owned and controlled by AB InBev. The Board recognizes that Mr. Doukeris other board service is an integral part of his responsibilities as CEO of AB InBev. Since joining the Board, Mr. Doukeris has been an active and engaged participant in Board and Committee meetings and is readily available to management for consultation. His extensive global business leadership, operational expertise, and deep industry experience relevant to Ecolab s businesses are highly valued by the Company and the Board. In nominating Mr. Zillmer, the Board has once again evaluated Mr. Zillmer s continued service as the Non-Executive Chairman of CSX Corporation and his current role as CEO and board member of Aramark. Our Board recognizes that certain proxy advisors and stockholders have raised questions about the public company commitments for Mr. Zillmer. Mr. Zillmer has been highly engaged since joining our Board in 2006, and in 2025, attended 100% of the Board meetings and 100% of meetings of committees on which he serves. Mr. Zillmer is a fully active participant in our Board meetings and deliberations, is readily available for consultation with other independent directors, is a recognized leader among the Board for his responsiveness in between meetings, and serves an important role in the strong, independent oversight of management. Mr. Zillmer s deep knowledge of the Company s Institutional business, significant public company board experience and his proven leadership as CEO of three different companies over the course of his career are all highly valued by Ecolab and its Board. Our Board strongly believes that Mr. Doukeris and Mr. Zillmer have demonstrated, and will continue to demonstrate, their ability to devote sufficient time and capacity needed to carry out the obligations as Board members for Ecolab including their respective Committee duties. After thorough consideration and assessment of their ongoing performance as an Ecolab Board member, the Board unanimously recommends the re-election of Mr. Doukeris and Mr. Zillmer at the Annual Meeting. The Board has no reason to believe that any of the named nominees is not available or will not serve if elected. If, for any reason, any nominee becomes unavailable for election prior to our Annual Meeting, the proxies solicited by our Board of Directors will be voted for such substituted nominee as is selected by our Board of Directors, or our Board of Directors, at its option, may reduce the number of directors constituting the entire Board. 16 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters N OMINEES FOR E LECTION TO THE B OARD OF D IRECTORS These are the Board s nominees for the Board of Directors, as recommended by the Governance Committee: JUDSON B. ALTHOFF Committee Membership Finance Safety, Health Environment Age 53 Director since 2024 Independent Reasons for Nomination Mr. Althoff leads a large, global commercial workforce at one of the world s preeminent technology and digital innovation companies. Mr. Althoff has demonstrated success managing complex commercial, financial and sales operations across a global business. The Board benefits from his deep knowledge of artificial intelligence, cloud computing and the global technology ecosystem. Mr. Althoff s experience growing commercial sales at scale through customer-focused innovations provides an important perspective for Ecolab s growth strategy. His high-tech expertise contributes to the Board s oversight of the strategy and risks associated with Ecolab s technology investments and digital capabilities. Career Highlights Microsoft Corporation, a global technology company Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Business (2025-present) EVP Chief Commercial Officer (2020-2025) EVP Worldwide Commercial Business (2016-2020) President, Microsoft North America (2013-2016) Oracle Corporation SVP Worldwide Alliances Channels Embedded Sales (2009-2012) Education MS, Mechanical Engineering, Illinois Institute of Technology Other Directorships Current None Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills Industry experience Global business operations Science / innovation Human capital management Digital / cybersecurity SHARI L. BALLARD Committee Membership Audit Safety, Health Environment Age 59 Director since 2018 Independent Reasons for Nomination Ms. Ballard is a seasoned executive with deep brand-building expertise, whose background enables her to contribute significant strategic insight into growing Ecolab s businesses and developing talent. Ms. Ballard has extensive experience growing large, geographically dispersed businesses through her focus on deep customer relationships and talent management. As a current CEO, she has demonstrated business strategy execution, a strong track record of success in brand management and the ability to transform businesses. Ms. Ballard also provides the Board with expertise in e-commerce, as well as extensive talent management experience at large scale, international organizations. In addition to her corporate functional experience in human resources, call centers, and real estate, she has held several international roles, which included responsibility for transformation efforts in Canada, China, Europe, and Mexico. Career Highlights Minnesota United FC, the professional soccer team of Minnesota Chief Executive Officer (2021-present) Best Buy Co., Inc. , a consumer electronics retail company Advisor (2018-2019) Senior Executive Vice President and President, Multi-Channel Retail, with responsibility for all U.S. Best Buy stores e-commerce, customer call centers, Best Buy Mexico and real estate strategy (2017-2018) President, U.S. Retail (2014-2017) Chief Human Resources Officer (2013-2016) President Americas, with responsibility for business in the U.S. and Mexico (2010-2012) President International, with responsibility for business in Canada, China, Europe, and Mexico (2002-2014) Education BA, University of Michigan-Flint Other Directorships Current None Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills CEO experience Human capital management Digital / cybersecurity Public company corporate governance M A ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters CHRISTOPHE BECK Committee Membership Safety, Health Environment Age 58 Director since 2020 Not Independent | Chairman and CEO Reasons for Nomination Mr. Beck has deep and direct knowledge of Ecolab s businesses and operations, including its mission to deliver on its growth, performance and sustainability programs. Mr. Beck has more than 30 years of global marketing, sales, and management experience in Europe, Asia, and North America, including 18 years at Ecolab where he held leadership roles within the Industrial, Nalco Water, International and Institutional businesses, and oversaw the integration of the Nalco acquisition. In addition, his experience at Nestl included senior leadership positions where he ran several of the company s major businesses. Mr. Beck s strong scientific and technological background and deep understanding of Ecolab s products and innovations provide a perspective that is valued by the Board in setting growth and sustainable profitable growth strategies. Career Highlights Ecolab Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2022-present) Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (2022) Chief Executive Officer (2021-2022) President and Chief Operating Officer (2019-2020) Served in several senior leadership roles within the Industrial, Nalco Water, International, and Institutional operations (2007-2019) Nestl Served as a senior executive for 16 years European Space Agency Worked on the European space shuttle project HERMES Industry Recognition Nominated as a Young Global Leader of the World Economic Forum in 2006, for his accomplishments and commitment to shape a better world Education MS, Mechanical Engineering Aerodynamics, cole polytechnique f d rale de Lausanne Other Directorships Current Delta Air Lines, Inc. (2025-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills CEO experience Global business operations Science / innovation Water / energy Digital / cybersecurity MICHEL D. DOUKERIS Committee Membership None Age 52 Director since 2025 Independent Reasons for Nomination Mr. Doukeris brings to the Board extensive global business experience and deep industry experience relevant to Ecolab s businesses. As CEO of AB InBev, he manages a large and complex global company. Through leadership positions with AB InBev in the United States, Asia and South America, Mr. Doukeris has gained extensive global leadership and operational experience in the food and beverage industry, allowing him to provide valuable insight to Ecolab s Water, Institutional and Pest businesses. Mr. Doukeris has demonstrated ability to lead talent and drive business results globally in both developed and developing markets. Additionally, AB InBev operates in many environments with water scarcity challenges; Mr. Doukeris has led his company in recent efforts focused on sustainability. This experience will provide Ecolab with insights to help advance our customers sustainability initiatives. Career Highlights AB InBev , a multinational beverage company and the largest brewer in the world. AB InBev has a global production, sales and distribution footprint, with a focus on sustainable operations. Chief Executive Officer (2021-present) President, North America Zone (2018-2021) Global Chief Sales Officer (2016-2017) President, Asia Pacific Zone (2012-2016) President, China (2010-2012) Ambev, S.A. (Brazil), various positions (1996-2010) Education B.S. Chemical Engineering, Federal University of Santa Catarina Master s Degree in Marketing, Funda o Getulio Vargas Post-graduate programs in Marketing and Marketing Strategy, Kellogg School of Management and Wharton Business School Other Directorships Current As an integral part of his role as CEO of AB InBev, Mr. Doukeris serves on the following boards: Ambev S.A. , majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of AB InBev, publicly traded on Brazil stock exchange and NYSE (2021-present) Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited , majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of AB InBev, publicly traded on Hong Kong stock exchange (2021-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills CEO experience Industry experience Global business operations Human capital management Water / energy 18 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters ERIC M. GREEN Committee Membership Compensation Human Capital Management (Chair) Governance Age 56 Director since 2022 Independent Reasons for Nomination Mr. Green offers the Board global operational experience and extensive knowledge of the healthcare and life sciences industries. With nearly 30 years of experience leading global pharma services and life science companies, Mr. Green has a deep understanding of business operations in these industries. His knowledge contributes to the Board s oversight of risk in the highly regulated life sciences business and also offers insight into the business strategic opportunities. His perspective on compensation and talent management in a technical and competitive market also contributes to the Board s oversight of Ecolab s talent management and succession planning. Mr. Green also provides relevant knowledge and insight into business practices within a global manufacturing and distribution environment. Career Highlights West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., a manufacturer of packaging components and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products Chairman (2022-present) President and Chief Executive Officer (2015-present) Sigma-Aldrich Corporation Executive Vice President and President for the Research Markets business unit (2013-2015) Served in multiple regional, commercial, and operational leadership roles around the world during a 20-year career Education Bachelor s degree in chemistry from Bethel University in St. Paul, Minnesota Master of Business Administration from the Olin Business School-Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri Other Directorships Current West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (2015-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills CEO experience Industry experience Global business operations Human capital management Supply chain and manufacturing MARION K. GROSS Committee Membership None Age 65 Director since 2025 Independent Reasons for Nomination Throughout Ms. Gross distinguished career as a supply chain executive, she has gained extensive leadership experience in the areas of manufacturing, safety, and sustainability. She offers the Board insights into enterprise risk management related to production and transportation operations, supply chain digitalization, sustainability, business resiliency and international trade. Ms. Gross experience in one of Ecolab s key customer markets quick service restaurants will also contribute to her oversight of Ecolab s business strategy. She has significant human capital management experience, successfully leading large and diverse global teams and contributing to corporate governance of human capital and safety matters. Career Highlights McDonald s Corporation , the world s leading quick-service restaurant brand, that franchises and operates restaurants globally Executive Vice President, Global Chief Supply Chain Officer (2022-2025) Senior Vice President, North America Supply Chain and US Sustainability (2013-2022) Various leadership positions in supply chain and business affairs (2003-2013) Education Bachelor of Science Degree in Transportation Physical Distribution from Western Illinois University Certificate on Leadership in the Global Enterprise Program from Thunderbird, The American Graduate School of International Management Other Directorships Current None Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills Industry experience Global business operations Human capital management Water / energy Supply chain and manufacturing ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters MICHAEL LARSON Committee Membership Finance (Chair) Safety, Health Environment Age 66 Director since 2012 Independent Reasons for Nomination Mr. Larson has deep investment expertise and broad understanding of the capital markets, business cycles and capital efficiency, and allocation practices. As a professional investor and as the chief investment officer of Ecolab s largest stockholder, Mr. Larson provides the Board with a long-term stockholder perspective and more than three decades of investment acumen. Together with his years of service as a public company board member, Mr. Larson s experience as a long-term investor in several multi-national industrial companies has given him deep corporate governance expertise and a well-informed view on the unique strategic issues faced by companies such as Ecolab. His background offers the Board important insights into capital allocation, Ecolab s financial risks and opportunities, and the financial issues facing large industrial corporations. Throughout his career, Mr. Larson has gained extensive experience related to advancing corporate sustainability and employee safety initiatives. Career Highlights Cascade Investment, L.L.C. , the investment office for William H. Gates III, and the Gates Foundation Trust Chief Investment Officer, responsible for Mr. Gates non-Microsoft investments, as well as the investment assets of the Gates Foundation Trust (1994-present) Education BA, Economics, Claremont McKenna College MBA, University of Chicago Other Directorships Current Fomento Econ mico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V. (2011-present) Republic Services, Inc. (2009-present) Member and Trustee of several Western Asset Management closed-end and mutual funds (2004-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills Industry experience Accounting / financial expertise Human capital management Public company corporate governance M A DAVID W. MACLENNAN Committee Membership Compensation Human Capital Management Governance (Chair) Age 66 Director since 2015 Independent | Lead Independent Director Reasons for Nomination Mr. MacLennan s experience in various top leadership positions at Cargill, one of the world s largest multinational companies, enables him to contribute invaluable strategic insights, exercise strong risk and financial management skills, and provide significant strategic planning insights to the Board. His background guiding a large, complex, global organization in the role of CEO and Chairman of the board at Cargill, as well as his service as a director on the Caterpillar board, provides a wealth of corporate governance expertise relevant to his role as the Lead Independent Director and Chair of the Governance Committee. In addition, his deep knowledge of the food production industry is valuable to the Board in assessing strategic business opportunities and addressing global supply chain risks. Career Highlights Cargill, Incorporated , a privately held company and world-leading producer and marketer of food, agricultural, financial, and industrial products and services Executive Chair of the Board (2023) Chairman of the Board (2015-2022) Chief Executive Officer (2013-2022) Chief Operating Officer (2011-2013) Chief Financial Officer (2008-2011) President, Cargill Energy (2002-2008) Served in the Financial Markets Division in the Minneapolis and London offices (1991-2000) USBancorp Piper Jaffray President of Fixed Income Capital Markets, based in Minneapolis (2000-2002) Chicago Board of Trade and Board of Options Exchange Member, in the futures and securities sector in Chicago Education BA. English, Amherst College MBA, Finance, University of Chicago Other Directorships Current Caterpillar Inc. (2021-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills CEO experience Industry experience Global business operations Accounting / financial expertise Supply chain and manufacturing 20 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters TRACY B. MCKIBBEN Committee Membership Compensation Human Capital Management Governance Age 57 Director since 2015 Independent Reasons for Nomination Ms. McKibben is an international energy and environmental technology expert with a focus on innovation that drives environmental impact in the areas of alternative and renewable energy, clean technology, water, infrastructure, and sustainability management. Ms. McKibben s considerable strategic experience advising energy companies and multinational corporations on strategic investments, M A, and energy policy helps the Board shape Ecolab s business strategy and oversee the company s risks. She also offers her insight into driving corporate performance through successful human capital and compensation strategies. Ms. McKibben also has gained extensive public sector and international experience working at the U.S. Department of Commerce and within the National Security Council at The White House where she advised the President of the United States, Cabinet Secretaries and other senior officials on various matters. This experience provides the Board with insights to address the challenges associated with Ecolab s global business operations. Career Highlights MAC Energy Advisors LLC , an investment and operating company that, along with its associated funds, focuses on environmentally-conscious energy and infrastructure assets that provide carbon-reducing and sustainable solutions across a global platform Founder and Chief Executive Officer (2010-present) Citigroup Global Markets Managing Director and Head of Environmental Banking Strategy (2007-2009) National Security Council at the White House Director of European Economic Affairs and EU Relations and Acting Senior Director for European Affairs (2003-2007) U.S. Department of Commerce Served in various senior advisory roles (2001-2003) Education BA, Political Science, West Virginia State University Doctorate of Humane Letters, West Virginia State University JD, Harvard Law School Other Directorships Current Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (2018-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years Fast Radius, Inc. , formerly ECP Environmental Growth Opportunities Corp. (2021-2022) Key Skills Global business operations Science / innovation Accounting / financial expertise Water / energy M A LIONEL L. NOWELL III Committee Membership Audit (Chair) Finance Age 71 Director since 2018 Independent Reasons for Nomination Mr. Nowell is a highly experienced board member, with extensive financial expertise. Mr. Nowell provides the Board with operational and financial management acumen gathered from more than 30 years in the consumer products industry, including his service as the Senior Vice President and Treasurer of a multi-national food and beverage company. His technical expertise spans the topics of corporate finance, credit and treasury, financial analysis and reporting, accounting and controls, capital markets, acquisitions / divestitures, and international business operations. Mr. Nowell contributes to the Board strong leadership skills gained over the course of his career. His experience over the years on various public company boards contributes strong governance skills and extensive knowledge in the areas of financial controls, strategy development and execution, and risk management. Career Highlights PepsiCo, Inc. , a food and beverage company Senior Vice President and Treasurer (2001-2009) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Pepsi Bottling Group (2000-2001) Senior Vice President and Controller (1999-2000) RJR Nabisco, Inc. Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development (1998-1999) Diageo plc Held various senior financial roles at the Pillsbury division, including Chief Financial Officer of its Pillsbury North America, Pillsbury Foodservice, and H agen-Dazs divisions (1991-1998) Education BSBA, Finance/Accounting, The Ohio State University Other Directorships Current Bank of America Corporation (2013-present) Textron Inc. (2020-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years American Electric Power Company (2004-2020) Key Skills Global business operations Accounting / financial expertise Water / energy Public company corporate governance M A ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters SUZANNE M. VAUTRINOT Committee Membership Audit Safety, Health Environment (Chair) Age 66 Director since 2014 Independent Reasons for Nomination Major General Vautrinot brings a unique perspective to the Board with her 31-year military career. Having led large and complex organizations, she provides insights into the operational challenges facing large global organizations. As an expert in cybersecurity, she contributes to the Board s oversight of risk in this area. In addition, General Vautrinot has significant experience in strategic planning, organizational design, and change management, which allows her to provide advice and insight to Ecolab as its business grows and develops. This focus is also relevant to her role as Chair of the Safety, Health Environment Committee, which provides oversight and strategy for many of Ecolab s global safety and sustainability programs, which impact all aspects of the global business. Her experience on the corporate boards of multiple public companies also enhances her contributions in the areas of governance, strategy and risk, and opportunity assessment. Career Highlights Kilovolt Consulting, Inc. , a cyber security consulting firm President (2013-present) U.S. Air Force Retired Major General, Air Force (2013) Commander, 24th Air Force and Commander, Air Forces Cyber, responsible for cyber defense operations (2011-2013) Director of Plans and Policy, U.S. Cyber Command, Special Assistant to the Vice Chief of Staff U.S. Air Force (2010-2011) Commander USAF Recruiting Service (2006-2008) Assignments included space and cyber operations, plans and policy and strategic security Served on the Joint Staff, the staffs at major command headquarters, and Air Force headquarters Selected by military leaders and White House officials to spearhead high-profile engagements on multiple occasions Education BS, U.S. Air Force Academy MS, University of Southern California National Security Fellow, John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University Other Directorships Current CSX Corporation (2019-present) Wells Fargo Company (2015-present) Parsons Corporation (2014-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years None Key Skills Science / innovation Human capital management Water / energy Digital / cybersecurity Public company corporate governance JULIE P. WHALEN Committee Membership Audit Finance Age 55 Director since 2025 Independent Reasons for Nomination Ms. Whalen is an accomplished financial executive and business leader with deep experience in the retail, technology and hospitality sectors. Ms. Whalen brings to the Board extensive expertise in managing complex financial organizations and driving profitability as a global public company CFO, which will strengthen the Board s finance and audit capabilities, as well as how the Board addresses changing global markets and delivers winning business strategies. Her public company board experience, including as Chair of the Audit Committee at Expedia, brings deep knowledge of corporate governance, risk management and strategic planning to the Board. Career Highlights Expedia Group, Inc. , a global travel company Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2022-2025) Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2012-2022) Held various senior financial management positions, including Corporate Controller and Treasurer (2001-2012) Education B.S., Accounting, Pepperdine University Juris Doctor, Pepperdine University Other Directorships Current None Other Directorships Past 5 Years Expedia Group, Inc. (2019-2024) Key Skills Industry experience Global business operations Accounting / financial expertise Public company corporate governance M A 22 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters JOHN J. ZILLMER Committee Membership Compensation Human Capital Management Finance Age 70 Director since 2006 Independent Reasons for Nomination Mr. Zillmer has long and proven leadership and operational experience in one of Ecolab s largest markets. Mr. Zillmer has extensive experience leading companies as a seasoned CEO and director, bringing to the Board his wealth of experience in setting and executing on corporate strategy and overseeing risk. He has served as CEO of three different global companies, providing a varied and deep perspective on executive management of global organizations. Mr. Zillmer has significant operational knowledge of industries key to Ecolab s business operations, including the chemicals manufacturing industry, food service industry, and global hygiene industry. He has proven capabilities for leading companies with large workforces and managing talent. His current and past roles on the boards of CSX, Veritiv, Performance Food Group, Reynolds American, Univar, and Allied Waste have provided him with significant public company board governance skills and broad leadership perspective. Career Highlights Aramark , a global provider of food, facilities management, and uniform services Chief Executive Officer (October 2019-present) Held various senior executive positions, ultimately becoming President of Global Food and Support Services (1986-2005) Univar Inc. Executive Chairman (2012) President and Chief Executive Officer (2009-2012) Allied Waste Industries Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2005-2008, when it merged with Republic Services, Inc.) Education MBA, Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management Other Directorships Current Aramark (2019-present) CSX Corporation (2017-present) Other Directorships Past 5 Years Veritiv Corporation (2014-2020) Key Skills CEO experience Industry experience Human capital management Public company corporate governance M A The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the 13 nominees named in this Proxy Statement to a one-year term ending in 2027. Unless a contrary choice is specified, proxies solicited by our Board of Directors will be voted FOR each of the 13 nominees named in this Proxy Statement. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters CORPORATE GOVERNANCE O VERVIEW Our Board of Directors and our senior leadership team believe that strong and effective corporate governance is essential to our overall success. The Board is committed to maintaining a corporate governance structure that promotes long-term stockholder value and supports Ecolab s policies and programs that affect, or could affect, our employees, customers, stockholders, and neighboring communities. Our Board reviews our major governance policies, practices and processes regularly in the context of current corporate governance trends, investor feedback, regulatory changes and recognized best practices. The following table provides an overview of our corporate governance structure and processes, including key aspects of our Board operations. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES BOARD CONDUCT OVERSIGHT INDEPENDENCE PARTICIPATION STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS Regular engagement with management on business strategy and annual approval of strategic plan 12 of 13 director nominees are independent based on New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards Proxy access on market terms Corporate governance policies addressing retirement age Executive sessions of independent directors held at each Board and committee meeting Stockholder ability to request special meetings at 25% threshold Code of Conduct that applies to all directors, executive officers, and employees Lead Independent director with robust duties Stockholders can act by written consent Periodic review of corporate governance best practices and developments Regular Board refreshment and mix of tenure of our directors Majority voting in uncontested director elections with a director resignation policy Significant time devoted to succession planning and leadership development Periodic refreshment of committee chairs and Lead Independent Director No poison pill Annual Board and committee evaluations All Committee Chairs are independent The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws do not include supermajority voting requirements to amend Adopted policies to encourage diversity in director searches to expand the pool from which candidates are chosen, with the director nominees ultimately selected based on merit Our directors participate in educational programs relating to corporate governance and business-related issues, and we provide funding for these activities Directors elected annually More details are available in our Corporate Governance Principles, which can be found on our website at www.investor.ecolab.com/ governance/corporate-governance . D IRECTOR I NDEPENDENCE Our Corporate Governance Principles provide that the Board will have a majority of independent directors who meet the criteria required for independence under the NYSE listing standards and our Director Independence Standards. To be considered independent, the Board must determine that a director has no material relationship with the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries). Under these standards, the Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that each of our non-management director nominees is independent. The Board of Directors also previously affirmatively determined that Victoria J. Reich, who is not standing for re-election, is independent and, that Arthur J. Higgins, who did not stand for reelection at the 2025 Annual Meeting, was independent during the time that he served as a director. The Board determined that Christophe Beck is not independent due to his current status as Chief Executive Officer. The Board also determined that each member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Human Capital Management Committee meets the heightened independence standards required for such committee members under the applicable NYSE listing and Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) standards. 24 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters B OARD L EADERSHIP S TRUCTURE CHRISTOPHE BECK DAVID W. MACLENNAN Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Lead Independent Director Our Board of Directors is led by Christophe Beck, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors strongly believes that independent board oversight is vital. As a result, under our corporate governance framework, our Lead Independent Director and independent directors have strong oversight of management and the Company s governance. As provided in our Corporate Governance Principles, the independent directors appoint a Lead Independent Director when (i) the offices of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by the same person or (ii) when the Chairman is a different person than the Chief Executive Officer, but the Chairman has been determined by the Board of Directors not to be independent. Responsibilities and powers of the Lead Independent Director, as enumerated in our Corporate Governance Principles, include: calling meetings of the independent directors; presiding over meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors, which occur at every regularly scheduled meeting of the Board; acting as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors; reviewing and approving meeting schedules to ensure there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; reviewing and approving information sent to the directors; reviewing and approving meeting agendas and management participants at meetings of the Board; and engaging with stockholders in appropriate circumstances. As stated in our Corporate Governance Principles, the Board believes it is in the best interests of our stockholders to have a flexible policy relating to the offices of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and whether they are to be held by one person or two. Our Board evaluates its organizational structure every year, including its leadership. The Governance Committee leads this process, taking into account the results of the Board s review of its own effectiveness, the performance and commitments of the Chairman and Lead Independent Director, and the current needs of the Board in overseeing the strategy and risks of the Company. The Governance Committee is also responsible for Board refreshment efforts and Committee assignments, ensuring that independent directors shape the Board s membership and operation. Mr. Beck was first appointed as Chairman in May 2022, and Mr. MacLennan was first elected as Lead Independent Director in May 2023. The Board continues to believe that at this time, combining our CEO and chairman offices under Mr. Beck, while maintaining the important role of the Lead Independent Director, is the most appropriate leadership structure for the Company and best serves the interests of our stockholders. In making this determination, the Board considered numerous factors, including: the benefits to the decision-making process with a leader who is both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; the significant operating experience and qualifications of Mr. Beck, including 18 years at Ecolab where he held leadership roles within the Water, International, and Institutional businesses; the importance of deep Ecolab knowledge in exercising business judgment in leading the Board; the size and complexity of our business; the significant business experience and tenure of our independent directors; and the qualifications and role of our Lead Independent Director. E XECUTIVE S ESSIONS The independent directors meet privately at every meeting of the Board and at each Committee of the Board. The independent directors also meet in executive session at other times during Board meetings at the request of any independent director. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters B OARD C OMMITTEES The Board of Directors has five standing Committees: AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE FINANCE COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE SAFETY, HEALTH ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE The table below indicates the current members of each Board committee. ECOLAB COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP NAME AUDIT COMPENSATION HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT FINANCE GOVERNANCE SAFETY, HEALTH ENVIRONMENT Judson B. Althoff Shari L. Ballard Christophe Beck Michel Doukeris Eric M. Green Marion K. Gross Michael Larson David W. MacLennan Tracy B. McKibben Lionel L. Nowell III Victoria J. Reich Suzanne M. Vautrinot Julie P. Whalen John J. Zillmer Chairman of the Board of Directors Lead Independent Director Committee Chair Committee Member Audit Committee Financial Expert 26 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters AUDIT COMMITTEE 6 MEETINGS IN 2025 Lionel L. Nowell III (Chair) Shari L. Ballard Michel D. Doukeris Victoria J. Reich Suzanne M. Vautrinot Julie P. Whalen ALL MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE ARE INDEPENDENT Independence and Financial Expertise The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is independent under applicable NYSE and SEC requirements and is financially literate under applicable NYSE requirements. Further, the Board has determined that each of Mr. Nowell, Ms. Reich and Ms. Whalen is an audit committee financial expert under the SEC s rules. Report The Audit Committee Report begins on page 81 of this Proxy Statement. Charter The Audit Committee Charter is available on our website at www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/ corporate-governance. Principal Oversight Responsibilities Monitor the quality and integrity of our consolidated financial statements and management s financial control of operations. Monitor, review and, as applicable, approve the qualifications, independence, and performance of the independent accountants. Monitor the role and performance of the internal audit function. Monitor the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Monitor the Company s cybersecurity program and related risks. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters COMPENSATION HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 5 MEETINGS IN 2025 Eric M. Green (Chair) Marion K. Gross David W. MacLennan Tracy B. McKibben John J. Zillmer ALL MEMBERS OF THE COMPENSATION HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE ARE INDEPENDENT Independence The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent under applicable NYSE and SEC rules. Report The Compensation Human Capital Management Committee Report begins on page 42 of this Proxy Statement. Charter The Compensation Human Capital Management Committee Charter is available on our website at www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/ corporate-governance. Principal Oversight Responsibilities Review and approve or recommend to the Board, as applicable, the establishment, amendment, and administration of compensation plans, benefit plans and annual and long-term incentives for executive officers (including the CEO). Review and approve our overall compensation policy and annual executive salary plan and annual and long-term incentives for executive officers, including CEO compensation. Review and recommend to the Board the establishment, amendment and administration of compensation plans, benefit plans, and remuneration and benefits for Directors. Administer: the Director stock option and deferred compensation plans, executive and employee stock incentive plans, stock purchase plans, cash incentive programs, compensation recovery policies, and stock retention and ownership guidelines. Review strategies and policies related to human capital management and material employment law matters. FINANCE COMMITTEE 5 MEETINGS IN 2025 Michael Larson (Chair) Judson B. Althoff Lionel L. Nowell III Julie P. Whalen John J. Zillmer ALL MEMBERS OF THE FINANCE COMMITTEE ARE INDEPENDENT Independence The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Finance Committee is independent under applicable NYSE rules. Charter The Finance Committee Charter is available on our website at www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/ corporate-governance. Principal Oversight Responsibilities Review management s financial and tax policies and standards. Review and recommend to the Board regarding financing requirements, including the evaluation of management s proposals concerning funding to meet such requirements. Review and recommend to the Board management s proposals regarding share repurchases and dividends. Review capital expenditure budget. Review adequacy of insurance coverage. Review use of derivatives to limit financial risk. Review and recommend to the Board regarding specific acquisition, divestiture, and capital expenditure projects from a financial standpoint. Review financial impact of our significant retirement plans. 28 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE 4 MEETINGS IN 2025 David W. MacLennan (Chair) Michel D. Doukeris Eric M. Green Tracy B. McKibben Victoria J. Reich ALL MEMBERS OF THE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE ARE INDEPENDENT Independence The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Governance Committee is independent under applicable NYSE rules. Charter The Governance Committee Charter is available on our website at www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/ corporate-governance. Principal Oversight Responsibilities Lead Board refreshment activities. Conduct annual review of Board performance and effectiveness. Review organizational structure and operations of the Board. Review issues related to senior management succession. Lead the annual CEO performance review and evaluation of senior management. Review the Company s corporate governance documents and related matters (including any necessary modifications to the Corporate Governance Principles). Review and recommend to the Board of Directors director independence determinations and evaluate related party transactions. Oversee political, charitable, and foundation contributions as well as trade association memberships. Review director orientation, training, and continuing education. SAFETY, HEALTH ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE 4 MEETINGS IN 2025 Suzanne M. Vautrinot (Chair) Judson B. Althoff Shari L. Ballard Christophe Beck Marion K. Gross Michael Larson Independence The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Safety, Health Environment Committee is independent under applicable NYSE rules except for Mr. Beck, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Charter The Safety, Health Environment Committee Charter is available on our website at www.investor.ecolab.com/ governance/corporate-governance. Principal Oversight Responsibilities Oversee the Company s safety, health environmental ( SH E ) framework and organization, policies, programs, goals and practices, including SH E risks, SH E statistics and metrics, pending SH E matters and industry best practices. Review personal safety policies, programs and practices. Oversee manufacturing, process safety and logistics policies, programs and practices, including our waste management strategies and the number of our sites located in or adjacent to protected areas and/or key biodiversity areas. Review environmental and regulatory trends, issues, and concerns which affect or could affect our SH E practices, including: the food safety impact of our products and programs, the human health impact of our products and services and our product safety practices, and any material product liability risks. Review compliance with our stated sustainability principles as represented in our sustainability reports, including overall climate risks and progress toward the UN Global Compact Business Ambition for 1.5 and actions to implement the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure or similar bodies. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters B OARD S R OLE IN R ISK O VERSIGHT Oversight of Risk Management Management is responsible for managing the Company s risk, and the Board and its committees oversee management in this regard, as summarized below: BOARD OF DIRECTORS Responsible for oversight of overall risks with an emphasis on strategic and operational risks as well as oversight of management s risk management and risk management procedures. The committees of the Board play a key role in this responsibility based on certain areas of risk that relate to each committee s area of focus. AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE FINANCE COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE SAFETY, HEALTH ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE Responsible for overseeing risks related to financial matters, especially: financial reporting cybersecurity internal controls Responsible for overseeing risks related to: compensation policies and practices human capital management practices Responsible for overseeing risks related to: financial management capital strategies tax strategies Responsible for overseeing risks related to: governance structure Board composition Director independence and succession Responsible for overseeing risks related to: safety, health, and environmental matters MANAGEMENT Responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company s risks, including management of the Company s enterprise risk management program. Our Lead Independent Director has robust and clearly defined role pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles Independent directors chair the Board committees involved in risk oversight There is open communication between management and directors All directors are actively involved in the risk oversight function 30 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Risk Management Processes and Procedures The Board of Directors has established various processes and procedures for ongoing oversight of risk management. For example, annually, as a core agenda item of the full Board, management presents to the Board a comprehensive and detailed risk assessment of the Company after following a rigorous enterprise risk review and analysis. ANNUAL ENTERPRISE RISK REVIEW ANALYSIS ANNUAL RISK ASSESSMENT BOARD AND EXECUTIVE TEAM S ONGOING REVIEW IT SECURITY TRAINING COMPLIANCE Conducted by internal audit services vice president Consists of annual enterprise Assessment of Significant Business Risks that identifies company risks, including: strategic operational financial compliance-related cybersecurity Assesses risks, their likelihood, and the potential impact of their occurrence Management presents the results to the Board Board approval is required for the Company s annual strategic plan and major transactions Board reviews operating performance and strategic plan as appropriate Review includes significant developments, such as: acquisitions financings market developments senior management succession Independent, external third-party auditor s findings are reviewed, relating to: National Institute of Technology Cyber Security Framework and industry standards cybersecurity peer benchmarking periodic site security assessments Company conducts at least annually: robust program for the entire company awareness campaigns testing and business resiliency training and drills with our supply chain Strategic Risk Oversight This review consists of our annual enterprise assessment of significant business risks, which provides the foundation for assessing the materiality of issues to our business and our stockholders. This comprehensive review is conducted using a survey tool designed to identify strategic, operational, financial, and compliance-related risks to the company. Risks are documented along with the likelihood and impact of their occurrence. The internal audit services vice president manages the process, and the results are presented to the Executive Management team and the Board of Directors. This process identified key risks including: strategic risk (which relates to the Company properly defining and achieving its high-level goals and mission) operating risk (which relates to the effective and efficient use of resources and pursuit of opportunities) These risks are monitored and managed by the full Board through the Board s review of the Company s operating performance and strategic plan. For example, at each of the Board s regularly scheduled meetings throughout the year, management provided the Board presentations on the Company s various business units as well as the Company s performance. The Board also addresses significant developments as appropriate, such as significant acquisitions, important market developments, and senior management succession. Pursuant to the Board s established monitoring procedures, Board approval is required for the Company s annual strategic plan which is reported on by management at each Board meeting. Similarly, significant transactions (such as acquisitions and financings) are brought to the Board for approval. Cybersecurity and AI Risk Oversight Information security or cybersecurity is a strategic and operating risk for many companies. Since 2014, when the Ecolab cybersecurity program was established, the Company has continuously matured our program to proactively address cybersecurity trends and risks. Senior management provides in-depth reviews of cybersecurity matters to the Board directly and to the Audit Committee at least once a year in general. Cybersecurity is also considered in the detailed enterprise risk assessment presented to the Board each year. The Company has entered into, and plans to maintain, an information security risk insurance policy on commercially available terms. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters The Company is formally assessed by an independent third party against the National Institute of Technology ( NIST ) Cyber Security Framework ( CSF ) and industry standards, including peer benchmarking. The Company also reviews information security standards and controls with its independent external auditor and conducts security assessments at key sites with external security consultants. The Company also operates an information security training and compliance program for personnel, as well as monthly awareness campaigns and testing and business resiliency training and drills with our supply chain and other key functions. For more information, refer to the Cybersecurity section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, at page 22. Ecolab views AI as a strategic driver of innovation and operational efficiency. The Company is increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into technology development, business operations, and products and services. Ecolab has adopted a global AI policy designed to promote responsible design, development, deployment, and use of AI systems. The Board and its Committees regularly discuss AI-related matters with management as part of their ongoing oversight responsibilities. C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE P RACTICES The Company and the Board regularly review and evaluate our corporate governance practices and policies. Many of these practices are set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles, Committee Charters, and Code of Conduct. THESE DOCUMENTS ARE AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE AT: www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/corporate-governance BOARD COMMITTEE CHARTERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Audit Committee Charter Compensation Human Capital Management Committee Charter Finance Committee Charter Governance Committee Charter Safety, Health Environment Committee Charter By-Laws of Ecolab Inc. Code of Conduct Corporate Governance Principles (including Director Independence Standards) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ecolab Inc. Political Contribution Policy B OARD AND C OMMITTEE E VALUATIONS Our Board continually seeks to improve its performance. A formal evaluation of the Board and its committees is conducted on an annual basis and is led by the Governance Committee. The format of the review is decided by the Governance Committee with input from directors, and it may vary from year to year depending on the needs of the Board. Each committee s results are discussed by the respective committee, and the Board reviews the results of the Board and committee evaluations. C ODE OF C ONDUCT Our Code of Conduct is the foundation of our success and we are committed to upholding the highest legal and ethical standards, regardless of when and where we conduct business. Our Code of Conduct applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and our Corporate Controller, as well as to our directors and all other employees. Employees and directors receive training on the Code of Conduct annually and certify compliance. We will disclose future amendments to and any waiver that applies to any of our executive officers or a member of our Board on our website within four business days following the date of any such amendment or waiver. P OLITICAL C ONTRIBUTIONS AND T RADE A SSOCIATIONS D ISCLOSURES The Company maintains a Political Contribution Policy, which is amended from time to time. The Political Contribution Policy, together with other Ecolab policies and procedures, guides Ecolab s approach to political contributions. Among other things, the Political Contribution Policy provides that a report of contributions will be posted on Ecolab s website semi-annually and that Ecolab will report annually on its website on its adherences to the Political Contribution Policy and related provisions in the Code of Conduct. The Governance Committee oversees the Political Contribution Policy, including reviewing the policy and a report of corporate political contributions annually. The Political Contribution Policy and current and archived political contributions are available at www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/political-contribution-reporting . The Company also reports on its website its significant trade association memberships. We join trade associations that we believe will benefit our business and stockholders. A management committee reviews proposed and existing significant trade association memberships at least semi-annually to assess their effectiveness and to determine if continued membership is appropriate. In addition, the Governance Committee oversees significant trade association memberships and annually 32 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters reviews Ecolab s policies and practices relating to trade association memberships. More information on Ecolab s trade association memberships is available at www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/trade-associations . C OMMUNICATIONS WITH D IRECTORS Our stakeholders and other interested parties, including our stockholders and employees, can send substantive communications to our Board using the following methods published on our website at www.investor.ecolab.com/governance/corporate-governance/contact-the-board : To correspond with the Board s Lead Director, please complete and submit the online Contact Lead Director form To report potential issues regarding accounting, internal controls, and other auditing matters to the Board s Audit Committee, please complete and submit the online Contact Audit Committee form In addition to online communications, interested parties may direct correspondence to our Board of Directors, our Board Committees, to all independent directors as a group, or to individual directors, at our headquarters address referenced on page 90 . All substantive communications regarding governance matters or potential accounting, control, compliance, or auditing irregularities are promptly relayed or brought to the attention of the Lead Director or Chair of the Audit Committee following review by our management. Communications not requiring the substantive attention of our Board, such as employment inquiries, sales solicitations, questions about our products, and other such matters, are handled directly by our management. In such instances, we respond to the communicating party on behalf of the Board. Nonetheless, our management periodically updates the Board on all of the online communications received, whether or not our management believes they are substantive. S TOCKHOLDER R ECOMMENDATIONS FOR D IRECTORS Stockholders wishing to submit recommendations for director candidates for consideration by the Governance Committee must provide the following information in writing to the attention of the Corporate Secretary by certified or registered mail: the name, address, and biography of the candidate, and an indication of whether the candidate has expressed a willingness to serve; the name, address, and phone number of the stockholder or group of stockholders making the recommendation; and the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the stockholder or group of stockholders making the recommendation, the length of time held, and to the extent any stockholder is not a registered holder of such securities, proof of such ownership. To be considered by the Governance Committee for the 2027 Annual Meeting, a director candidate recommendation must be received by the Corporate Secretary by January 7, 2027. The Governance Committee evaluates director candidates recommended by stockholders in the same way that it evaluates candidates recommended by its members, other members of the Board, or other persons. D IRECTOR A TTENDANCE There were five meetings of the Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2025. All directors attended at least 80% of the meetings held by the Board and Committees on which they served. Directors are expected to attend our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, absent unusual circumstances. All of the directors who continued to serve following the meeting attended last year s Annual Meeting. C OMPENSATION H UMAN C APITAL M ANAGEMENT C OMMITTEE I NTERLOCKS AND I NSIDER P ARTICIPATION The Compensation Human Capital Management Committee is comprised of five non-employee, independent directors: Mses. Gross and McKibben, and Messrs. Green (Chair), MacLennan and Zillmer. No member of the Compensation Human Capital Management Committee is or was formerly an officer or an employee of the Company or had any related person transaction required to be disclosed in which the Company was a participant during the last fiscal year. In addition, no executive officer of the Company serves on the Compensation Human Capital Management Committee or board of directors of a company for which any of the Company s directors serves as an executive officer. ECOLAB PROXY STATEMENT 2026 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters R ELATED P ERSON T RANSACTIONS The Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing, approving, or ratifying transactions and proposed transactions in excess of $120,000 with the Company s executive officers or directors, including their immediate family members, or any greater than 5% stockholder known to us. The Company has written practices and procedures for identifying transactions with related persons. The Governance Committee considers the related person s relationship to the Company and interest in the transaction; the material facts of the transaction, including the proposed aggregate value of such transaction; the benefits to the Company of the proposed related-person transaction; if applicable, the availability of other sources of comparable products or services; an assessment of whether the proposed related person transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to an unrelated third party or to employees; and such other factors and information as the Governance Committee may deem appropriate. The Governance Committee determined that there were no such transactions with related persons since the beginning of 2025, nor any currently anticipated transactions. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR 2025 During 2025, members of the Board of Directors who were not employees of the Company were entitled to receive the following compensation: ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL RETAINERS FOR SELECT BOARD SERVICE ($) Lead Director 40,000 Committee Assignments: Audit Committee Chair 25,000 Compensation Human Capital Management Committee Chair 20,000 Finance Committee Chair 20,000 Governance Committee Chair 20,000 Safety, Health Environment Committee Chair 20,000 Audit Committee Member 10,000 The base annual compensation of $315,000 per year, excluding lead director and committee retainers, was within the median range of our competitive market. For director compensation, we define our competitive market as a peer group of 21 companies we use for compensation benchmarking and the median range as within 10% of the median for total annual director compensation. The companies comprising our peer group are the same as the executive compensation peer group and are set forth under the heading Compensation Benchmarking found under the Compensation Discussion and Analysis of this Proxy Statement at page 47 . Equity awards are granted to our non-employee directors under the 2001 Non-Employee Director Stock Option and Deferred Compensation Plan (the 2001 Plan ). Under the 2001 Plan, the aggregate grant date fair value of awards denominated in shares that may be made to any non-employee director during any calendar year may not exceed $800,000, excluding such awards made at the election of a director to defer the receipt of cash compensation otherwise payable for services as a director. Director stock option awards are granted after the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and vest in 25% installments three, six and nine months, respectively, after the grant date, and as to the last 25%, (a) twelve months after the grant date for director stock option awards granted prior to December 4, 2025, or (b) the earlier of twelve months after the grant date or the Company s next annual meeting date for director stock option awards granted on or after December 4, 2025. A director appointed after the annual meeting will receive a pro rata grant after the next annual meeting based on the number of days in service. Stock unit awards are credited to a director s deferred stock unit account in 25% installments on a quarterly basis, are prorated for any director who serves for only part of a quarter, based on the number of days in service, and are paid in shares of our Common Stock following cessation of Board service pursuant to the director s distribution election for deferred stock units under the 2001 Plan. Directors are credited with dividend equivalents on their stock units, which are automatically converted into additional full or fractional stock units. The 2001 Plan also permits non-employee directors to defer some or all of their cash retainers into accounts that provide for either interest at market rates or an investment in Company stock units, which include the right to dividend equivalents as 34 CONSISTENT HIGH PERFORMANCE TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters described above. Upon cessation of Board service, deferred amounts are paid in a lump sum or installments over a maximum of ten years as elected by the director, with payments from the interest-bearing account made in cash and payments from the stock unit account made in shares of our Common Stock. All reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by directors on behalf of Ecolab were reimbursed. From time to time, spouses may be invited to attend certain meetings at the request of the Board. If Spouses are invited to attend meetings, we provide transportation or cover the cost of the additional travel including tax gross-up. S TOCK R ETENTION AND O WNERSHIP G UIDELINES Our stock retention and ownership guidelines encourage our directors to accumulate a significant ownership stake in the Company for alignment with long-term stockholder interests. Our guidelines provide that our directors own Company stock with a market value of at least five times the annual retainer. Until the stock ownership guideline is met, a director should retain 100% of the net shares received from stock option exercises. Shares owned outright, legally or beneficially, by a director or his or her immediate family members residing in the same household and deferred stock units held under the director s deferral plan count towards the guidelines. Unexercised stock options do not count towards the guidelines. Each of our directors is currently in compliance with our guidelines by either having achieved the ownership guideline or, if the guideline is not yet achieved, by retaining 100% of all net shares received from any stock option exercises. Our directors may not pledge shares or enter into any risk hedging arrangements with respect to Company stock. D IRECTOR C OMPENSATION T ABLE The following table summarizes the compensation that our non-employee directors received during 2025. NAME FEES EARNED OR PAID IN CASH (1) ($) STOCK 