=== DUK_2026-03-20.htm.gz ===
tm261356-4_nonfiling - block - 35.401521s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS Welcome to the Duke Energy Annual Meeting of Shareholders March 20, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders: I am pleased to invite you to Duke Energy s Annual Meeting to be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 1 p.m. Eastern time. We look forward to updating you on our accomplishments in 2025, focus areas for 2026, and the path forward for Duke Energy. 2025 was a year of strong execution, grounded in our responsibility to deliver safe, reliable, and affordable energy. We met our financial objectives while continuing to invest in the infrastructure capabilities needed to support our customers evolving needs. We are fortunate to operate in some of the most attractive jurisdictions in the country and are seeing sharp increases in energy demand driven by economic development, including data centers and advanced manufacturing, as well as continued population growth. To serve this demand responsibly, we executed electric service agreements for multiple hyperscale data centers representing cumulative contracted load of over 4.5 gigawatts, ensuring these customers contribute appropriately to the systems required to serve them. On the generation side, we made significant progress to ensure reliability for all customers as demand continues to grow. This included subsequent license renewals (SLR) at Oconee Nuclear Station and SLR application for Robinson Nuclear Plant. We began construction on over 5 gigawatts of new natural gas generation in the Carolinas and Indiana, and submitted an early site permit application for potential new nuclear development at Belews Creek in North Carolina. Duke Energy Florida unveiled its DeBary Hydrogen Production Storage System, the first demonstration project in the United States capable of using an end-to-end system to produce, store and combust up to 100% green hydrogen. These actions reflect our focus on maintaining dependable service while responsibly advancing innovation. In 2026, Duke Energy will continue to meet current and future energy needs by maximizing our existing resources, building new generation and continually optimizing our electric grid to improve resiliency and customer service. As load growth materializes across our territories, we re executing on our more than $103 billion, five-year capital plan the largest regulated capital plan in the industry. By 2030, we plan to increase generation capacity by approximately 14 gigawatts enough energy to power nearly 10 million homes. Throughout this period, Duke Energy remains committed to keeping power reliable and costs as low as possible, now and into the future. Our regulatory model has proved effective, and we have been successful in keeping average rate increases below inflation. We will continue to deliver long-term value to the vibrant communities we are honored to serve. We are well positioned to serve our customers reliably and affordably through this period of dynamic growth. Duke Energy brings the expertise, scale, and proven track record of working constructively with our regulators, customers, communities and other stakeholders to execute our plans responsibly while delivering value for both our customers and shareholders. This proxy statement contains information about our Board s oversight of Duke Energy s strategy, performance, and risks, as well as our governance practices and our commitment to our employees, whose dedication directly contributes to our high customer satisfaction and continued operational excellence. It also describes the outreach we conducted in 2025 with you our fellow shareholders and how that feedback has informed our decisions and priorities. Annual Meeting Details This year s Annual Meeting will once again be held exclusively via live webcast. The online format has successfully expanded our ability to connect with shareholders from all over the world while still providing you the same opportunities to vote and ask questions that you would have had at an in-person meeting, including by submitting questions in writing in advance of the Annual Meeting on our pre-meeting forum at www.proxyvote.com . An audio broadcast of the Annual Meeting will also be available by phone toll-free at 877.328.2502. Details regarding how to participate in the Annual Meeting via live webcast, as well as the items to be voted on, are described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Rules of Conduct for the Annual Meeting, on page 1 of this proxy statement, and in the Frequently Asked Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting on page 83 of this proxy statement. Please review this proxy statement prior to voting as it contains important information relating to the business of the Annual Meeting. Page 84 of this proxy statement contains instructions on how you can vote your shares online, by phone, or by mail. We encourage you to vote and share your feedback with us and hope you can participate in the Annual Meeting. Thank you for your continued investment in Duke Energy. Sincerely, Harry K. Sideris President and CEO TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from the Board of Directors Dear Fellow Shareholders : As Duke Energy s independent directors, we are honored to share how the Board is working to ensure sound governance, effective leadership, and sustained value creation for our shareholders. Thank you for the trust you place in us. Leadership Transition and Board Oversight 2025 was a pivotal year for Duke Energy as we successfully executed our leadership succession plan, electing Harry K. Sideris as President and CEO and as a member of our Board, effective April 1, 2025. In connection with the leadership transition, Theodore F. Craver, Jr. also transitioned from Lead Independent Director to Independent Chair of the Board, effective April 1, 2025. As President and CEO, Mr. Sideris brings decades of operational leadership across our utility businesses to sustain the Company s strong momentum delivering financial results that exceeded earnings expectations in 2025, while advancing our long-term energy modernization strategy to strengthen the grid and meet growing customer needs. Board Refreshment and Stakeholder Engagement Board refreshment, Board diversity, and meaningful Board succession planning remain key areas of focus for our Board. Our current Board is a diverse, distinguished group of professionals with a wide range of experiences, skills, and qualifications. As part of our ongoing refreshment efforts, we were pleased to welcome Jeffrey B. Guldner to the Board during the year, bringing additional leadership and industry experience. Marie McKee, however, will be retiring from the Board and will not stand for re-election at the upcoming Annual Meeting. Ms. McKee has served with distinction since 2012, and the rest of the Board extends its sincere appreciation for her 14 years of dedicated service and contributions to Duke Energy. We have undertaken significant Board refreshment efforts in recent years with half of our current nominees for director having joined the Board in the last five years. We also continued our robust annual shareholder engagement program during the spring and fall, meeting with shareholders holding approximately 44% of our outstanding shares of common stock, as well as other stakeholder groups. We held numerous conversations with shareholders and stakeholders outside of our shareholder engagement program, and the feedback we have gathered from these engagements has helped the Board shape our policies, practices, and disclosures. Strategic Priorities and Long-Term Value As the energy industry continues to evolve and as we project significant load growth in our service territories over the coming years, our Company remains committed to modernizing critical infrastructure and investing in innovative technologies to enhance reliability, resiliency, and customer value. At each Board meeting and during our ongoing strategy sessions, we contribute to the Company s strategic plan by engaging senior leaders in robust discussions about business strategy, priorities, and risks and opportunities as we look to position Duke Energy as a leader in the evolving energy landscape, while delivering sustainable long-term value for our shareholders, customers, and employees. Thank you for your continued support of our Company. We look forward to continuing our dialogue with shareholders at the 2026 Annual Meeting and throughout the year. Sincerely, Derrick Burks Annette K. Clayton Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Robert M. Davis Caroline Dorsa W. Roy Dunbar Nicholas C. Fanandakis Jeffrey B. Guldner John T. Herron Idalene F. Kesner E. Marie McKee Michael J. Pacilio Thomas E. Skains William E. Webster, Jr. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Items of Business Board s Voting Recommendation 1 Election of Directors 2 Ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP as Duke Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 3 Advisory vote to approve Duke Energy s named executive officer compensation 4 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Duke Energy Corporation to eliminate supermajority requirements 5 Any other business that may properly come before the meeting (or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting) Vote Now By Internet By Mailing Your Proxy Card Visit 24/7 www.proxyvote.com Vote, sign your proxy card, and mail free of postage By Phone Participate in the Annual Meeting Call toll-free 24/7 at 800.690.6903 or by calling the number provided by your broker, bank, or other nominee if your shares are not registered in your name Participate in the annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting. com/DUK2026 and vote during the Annual Meeting. You will need the 16-digit control number, which can be found on your Notice, on your proxy card, and on the instructions that accompany your proxy materials Meeting Date: May 7, 2026 Record Date: March 9, 2026 Only holders of record of Duke Energy common stock as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to participate in, vote, and ask questions at the Annual Meeting. Webcast: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DUK2026 To participate in the Annual Meeting via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DUK2026 , you will need the 16-digit control number, which can be found on your Notice, on your proxy card, and on the instructions that accompany your proxy materials. Those who are not shareholders as of the record date may view the Annual Meeting as guests. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 1:00 p.m. Eastern time. Online check-in will begin at 12:30 p.m. Eastern time. Audio Broadcast: Shareholders and guests may also listen to an audio broadcast of the Annual Meeting by phone toll-free at 877.328.2502. TABLE OF CONTENTS Pre-Meeting Information: On our pre-meeting forum at www.proxyvote.com , shareholders of record can submit questions in writing in advance of the Annual Meeting, access copies of proxy materials, and vote. Because we will be providing our proxy materials to our shareholders electronically, most of our shareholders will receive only the Notice containing instructions on how to access the proxy materials electronically and vote online, by phone, or by mail. If you would like to request paper copies of the proxy materials, you may follow the instructions in your Notice. Dated: March 20, 2026 By order of the Board of Directors, David S. Maltz Vice President, Legal, Chief Governance Officer and Corporate Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS RULES OF CONDUCT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING 1 PROXY SUMMARY 2 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 13 INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 23 REPORT OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE 33 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 37 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 39 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP AS DUKE ENERGY S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026 41 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 42 PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE DUKE ENERGY S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 43 REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION AND PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE 43 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 44 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 63 PROPOSAL 4: AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION TO ELIMINATE SUPERMAJORITY REQUIREMENTS 82 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 83 OTHER INFORMATION 86 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 89 APPENDIX A AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION A-1 APPENDIX B CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION B-1 APPENDIX C NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES C-1 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS RULES OF CONDUCT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING Duke Energy strives to provide our shareholders at the online-only Annual Meeting the same rights that they would have had at an in-person meeting and an enhanced opportunity for participation and discourse. Shareholders who have submitted a proposal for the Annual Meeting are given the choice of recording the presentation of their proposal in advance or presenting their proposal live via a third-party operated telephone line. During the presentation of any shareholder proposals, each presenter will have three minutes to present the proposal and supporting statement, whether presented live or in pre-recorded form. The presenter should restrict their comments to the shareholder proposal being presented. A representative of Broadridge Financial Solutions has been appointed as the independent inspector of elections. Shareholders as of the record date who would like to submit questions in writing in advance of the Annual Meeting may do so by visiting our pre-meeting forum at www.proxyvote.com using their 16-digit control number. Shareholders participating in the Annual Meeting live via webcast may also submit questions in writing during the Annual Meeting. Shareholders are encouraged to provide their name and contact information in case the Company needs to contact them after the Annual Meeting. Individuals who are not shareholders as of the record date who are interested in viewing or listening to the Annual Meeting will be allowed to check-in to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DUK2026 to view the Annual Meeting as a guest or listen to the Annual Meeting toll-free at 877.328.2502. Questions submitted by shareholders will be read during the Annual Meeting unedited. Of course, questions that are of an inappropriate personal nature, relate to personal grievances, or that use offensive language will not be read at the Annual Meeting or posted on our website after the Annual Meeting. Questions regarding technical issues related to the Annual Meeting will be referred to technical support personnel to respond separately. Similarly, questions regarding the availability or location of proxy materials will be responded to separately. We will post answers to all questions received in advance of, or during, the Annual Meeting, including any questions that we do not answer during the Annual Meeting, on our website at investors.duke-energy.com/events-and-presentations/ default.aspx under 05/07/2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. All unedited questions and the answers to those questions, as well as a replay of the Annual Meeting, will be available on our website until the release of the proxy statement for the 2027 Annual Meeting. Questions on topics that have been previously asked and answered during the Annual Meeting will be answered after the Annual Meeting and posted on our website at investors.duke-energy.com/events-and-presentations/default.aspx under 05/07/2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders along with all other submitted questions. The Question and Answer portion of the Annual Meeting will end upon the earlier of 2:00 p.m Eastern time or after all question topics that are not of an inappropriate nature have been answered. GLOSSARY OF TERMS To enhance the readability of this year s proxy statement, we included a Glossary of Terms beginning on page 89 , which includes all defined terms in this proxy statement. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Page references and website addresses are supplied to help you find additional information in this proxy statement and elsewhere. Information provided on websites linked to this proxy statement is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. Who We Are Duke Energy, a Fortune 150 company headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, is one of the largest energy holding companies in the United States. We provide electricity to approximately 8.7 million retail electric customers in six states and natural gas distribution services to over 1.8 million customers in five states.** We own approximately 55,713 MW of electric generating capacity within our regulated business in North Carolina, South Carolina, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, and Florida. Duke Energy is executing an ambitious strategy to meet our customers rapidly growing and evolving energy demands, while maintaining system reliability and affordability. In 2025, Duke Energy was named one of the World s Most Admired Companies by Fortune Magazine for the ninth consecutive year. More information about Duke Energy is available on our website at www.duke-energy.com . Voting Information Board s Voting Recommendation Broker Non-Votes* Abstentions Votes Required for Approval Proposal 1: Election of Directors (page 13 ) FOR ALL Do not count Do not count Majority of votes cast, with a resignation policy Proposal 2: Ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP as Duke Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 (page 41 ) FOR Brokers have discretion to vote Vote against Majority of shares represented Proposal 3: Advisory vote to approve Duke Energy s named executive officer compensation (page 43 ) FOR Do not count Vote against Majority of shares represented Proposal 4: Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Duke Energy Corporation to eliminate supermajority requirements (page 82 ) FOR Do not count Vote against 80% of shares outstanding * NYSE rules state that if your shares are held through a broker, bank, or other nominee, they cannot vote on nondiscretionary matters without your instruction. 2 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Our Core Values and Employee Imperatives Duke Energy s purpose is to power the lives of our customers and the vitality of our communities. Alongside our purpose is our core set of values and employee imperatives that, combined, act as our guide. Our core values are focused on safety and operational excellence, integrity and respect, and service. Our employee imperatives define our behavioral expectations and challenge us to become better. Together, our values and employee imperatives influence how we make decisions and interact with each other, as well as with our customers and communities. Below are our employee imperatives: Our Strategy and Goals At Duke Energy, our business strategy is building a smarter energy future, and centers on meeting rapidly growing energy needs and powering the modern economy, while delivering reliable and affordable energy to our customers and communities. To meet these goals, we are safely transforming and readying our system by investing in innovative technologies, replacing aging and less efficient generating resources, modernizing our natural gas and electric infrastructure, and integrating efficiency, resiliency, and demand management programs. Our success is powered by engaged employees, satisfied customers, connected stakeholders, and committed investors. Our energy modernization efforts focus on advancing generation and strengthening the grid. We remain committed to maintaining industry-leading reliability and competitive rates, while supporting economic growth across the communities we serve. Our vertically integrated business model allows us to respond effectively in a rapidly evolving industry and leverage the scale of one of the nation s largest transmission and distribution systems. As long-term electricity demand is expected to grow across our service territories, we continue to balance reliability, affordability, and customer value through a long-range enterprise strategy centered on modernizing our assets and preparing our system to meet customers evolving energy needs. As we continue to execute on our energy modernization strategy, and target net-zero carbon emissions from electric generation by 2050, our progress will not be linear. To achieve these objectives, we are partnering with stakeholders, championing public policy that advances innovation, and continuing to leverage regulatory models that support the delivery of reliable energy, timely cost recovery, and promote cost stability for customers. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Our Workforce The energy industry is in the midst of a massive transformation, and Duke Energy needs an innovative, talented team of professionals who mirror the customers and communities we serve as a foundation for success. An empowered, engaged and inclusive workplace makes us a stronger Company and provides a competitive advantage for connecting with the ever-changing needs of our customers and communities. 26,441 Employees 19.01% Union 23.19% Women 21.25% People of Color Creating a great place to work At Duke Energy, inclusive actions drive business outcomes to create an environment where everyone thrives. We are intentional in how we attract, retain, and support our employees. Support for Employee Well-Being We support our employees physically, emotionally, and financially through our wellness and mental health programs and provide education, coaching, and incentives focused on improving our employees well-being. In addition, our employee assistance program provides support when it is needed and requested to help improve the resiliency of our employees and their families. Learning and Development Programs We are committed to providing learning and skill development solutions to help employees power their potential and support business transformation. Our programs help prepare our leaders and employees to meet the future challenges of our industry. In addition, we also provide ongoing performance feedback and development opportunities as an investment in our teammates, which is the key to our success as a company. Fair Compensation We are committed to providing market competitive and fair compensation by regularly reviewing employee pay. We conduct internal pay reviews and benchmarking against peer companies to ensure our pay is competitive. Attracting High-Caliber Talent We continuously evaluate our practices across the hiring life cycle to attract a talented workforce to deliver on our commitment to customers. This includes building relationships with four-year colleges and universities, as well as community colleges, where we support specific programs, such as training skilled lineworkers. These programs, as well as partnerships with community and professional organizations, strengthen our pipeline of high-quality and skilled talent to build the infrastructure required to meet the current and future needs of our customers. Employee Engagement Engaging in ongoing dialogue with our employees is one important way we are able to build a culture of transparency. Regular listening allows us to better understand employee perspectives, and to help guide our actions. 4 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY 2025 Business Highlights In 2025, we successfully continued along our path for sustainable long-term growth. We worked collaboratively with stakeholders across our service territories to advance our strategy of transforming for the future all built on our Company values and employee imperatives. Our business highlights in 2025 include the following: Financial Performance We delivered adjusted and reported EPS of $6.31 above our earnings guidance midpoint for the year. We announced Tennessee and Florida transactions at premium valuations to strengthen our credit profile and efficiently finance our capital plan. We raised our long-term FFO/Debt target to 15% and achieved 14.8% in 2025. We worked with regulators and other stakeholders to recover and securitize nearly $3 billion worth of storm costs, approximately one year after major 2024 hurricanes, 2025 marked the 99 th consecutive year we continued our dividend commitment to our shareholders. Advancing New Generation We began construction on 5 gigawatts of new natural gas generation in the Carolinas and Indiana, and put in place contracts to secure the long-lead time equipment and workforce needed to support this new dispatchable generation. We placed more than 300 megawatts of solar and 175 megawatts of storage into service across the Carolinas and Florida to continue to diversify generation mix. We received NRC approval for our SLR application for Oconee Nuclear Station, and filed SLR for Robison Nuclear Plant. Delivering Value for Customers We filed to combine our Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress utilities, which if approved, would generate more than $1 billion in customer savings over time. We pursued federal energy tax credits, generating approximately $600 million in nuclear tax credits that will flow back to customers dollar-for-dollar over time. This was the 27 th consecutive year of nuclear capacity factor exceeding 90%. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Shareholder Engagement Highlights We have a long-standing history of engaging with, and responding to the feedback provided by, our shareholders and other stakeholders and value the deep relationships we have built. That feedback over time has greatly informed our compensation, stewardship, and governance programs. Given its success, we continued our shareholder outreach program in 2025, reaching out to and engaging with holders of approximately 44% of Duke Energy s outstanding shares of common stock. We also sought to engage with every shareholder who requested to meet with us. These discussions included members of management and, in some instances, our President and CEO, or Independent Chair. The agenda for these conversations spanned a variety of topics: Business and Strategy As we are entering a period of heightened load growth, updates on our business performance and strategy, including financial results, growth targets, regulatory matters, strategic initiatives, capital expenditure plan alignment, anticipated energy generation mix through 2050, and exploration of new technologies, while keeping customer reliability and value top of mind; Regulatory and Jurisdictional Considerations Review of relevant regulatory updates, including how we are balancing keeping rates as low as possible and reliability with decarbonization-oriented regulations and legislation; Risk Management How we are reviewing the long-term exposure, risk, and vulnerability to physical impacts of extreme weather to our assets, including increasing the resilience of our energy system for the last decade through storm hardening, smart grid technologies, capacity, and reliability projects; Shareholder Proposals Including any shareholder proposals received; Corporate Governance Including our recent CEO transition, succession planning process, Board composition, refreshment, onboarding and education programs, self-assessment process and risk oversight role of the Board, including the use of artificial intelligence; Executive Compensation Alignment of our executive compensation program with our strategic, financial, and operational objectives, including goals and metrics; Load Growth Contract management and contingency plans for data centers coming onto our grid and how we are planning to serve the increased load demand; and Policy Impacts Our policy priorities and engagement initiatives in support of our business strategy. 6 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Duke Energy Actions and Disclosures in Response to Shareholder Feedback Our Company values shareholder engagement. During the conversations we had in 2025, shareholders expressed appreciation for the pay for performance alignment in our compensation program, the clarity and detail in our executive compensation program disclosures, and that safety, customer satisfaction, and environmental metrics continue to be incorporated into our incentive plans. We greatly value the input shareholders provided and will continue our outreach efforts on a wide variety of topics. In response to shareholder feedback reflecting a range of perspectives on climate related risks, assumptions, and long-term goals, in October 2025, we published our annual flagship voluntary disclosure, the 2024 Impact Report, available on our website at www.duke-energy.com. Building A Smarter Energy Future is Duke Energy s 19 th annual report and outlines our approach to energy modernization and the vital role our vertically integrated utility plays in continuing to provide reliable energy at the lowest possible cost to customers, while supporting a growing economy and national security. We highlight our performance and progress on strategic business matters. It provides enhanced disclosure regarding our strategy, progress and the alignment of our policy engagement with our enterprise goals and complements our 2024 Climate Resilience Adaptation Study and 2023 study focused on our transmission and distribution system in the Carolinas. Our Company has also prepared numerous disclosures, which are located on our website at www.duke-energy.com, that are provided, in part, in response to shareholder and other stakeholder feedback on areas of interest, some of which include: Investor materials, including quarterly earnings presentations Annual Impact Report Biannual Corporate Political Expenditures Report GRI standards (updated with the 2024 Impact Report) Annual Trade Association Engagement (updated with the (2025 Impact Report) SASB disclosures (updated with the 2025 Impact Report) EEI/AGA template disclosure BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Corporate Governance Highlights (page 33) Independence Independent Chair of the Board with clearly defined roles and responsibilities Independent directors meet in independent sessions at each regularly scheduled Board meeting Strict director independence standards 13 out of 14 director nominees are independent Board committees are 100% independent Shareholder Rights Ability for shareholders to nominate directors through proxy access Robust year-round shareholder engagement program, including director involvement Ability for shareholders to take action by less than unanimous written consent Ability for shareholders to call a special shareholder meeting Board responsive to shareholder proposals Each share of common stock is equal to one vote Good Governance Practices Board plays major role in overseeing business strategy, risk management, succession planning, and people development Majority voting standards for directors with mandatory resignation policy and plurality carve out for contested elections Annual Board, committee, and director assessments Clearly defined environmental and social initiatives and goals Annual election of all directors Annual shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation Policy to prohibit all hedging and pledging of corporate securities Policy to clawback certain compensation Policy to prohibit insider trading Regular Board refreshment and robust director education program, which in 2025 covered a variety of topics, including, but not limited to, use cases for quantum computing and a third-party perspective on what it will take to build nuclear at scale in the United States. Stock ownership and retention requirements Director overboarding policy, which provides that the maximum number of other public company boards our directors can serve on is four, without prior Board approval, and that neither the CEO nor Executive Chair, if any, may serve on any other company boards, other than nonprofit organizations, without Board approval. All directors are in compliance with this policy. 8 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Executive Compensation Highlights (page 44) Our executive compensation program is designed to: 1 Link Pay to Performance 2 Attract and Retain talented executive officers and key employees 3 Emphasize Performance-Based Compensation to motivate executives and key employees 4 Reward Individual Performance 5 Encourage Long-Term Commitment to Duke Energy and align the interests of executives with shareholders We meet these objectives through the appropriate mix of compensation, including base salary, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives, consisting of performance shares and RSUs. COMPENSATION COMPONENTS Base Salary STI LTI Link pay to performance Attract and retain talented executives and key employees Emphasize performance-based compensation to motivate executives and key employees Reward individual performance Encourage long-term commitment to Duke Energy and align the interests of executives with shareholders BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Our Board Nominees (page 14) Our Board regularly and diligently reviews its composition to ensure that its collective membership has the skills to meet the needs of our business and reflects a diversity of perspectives and experiences. All nominees have the highest level of professional integrity. Name Independence, Age, Tenure Position Gender Diversity Racial or Ethnic Diversity Other Public Boards Audit Compensation and People Development Corporate Governance Finance and Risk Management Operations and Nuclear Oversight Derrick Burks Independent, 69, 2022 Retired Managing Partner of Ernst Young, LLP, Indianapolis office X Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. and Kite Realty Group Trust KRG Annette K. Clayton Independent, 62, 2019 Retired Chairwoman and CEO, Schneider Electric North America X NXP Semiconductors N.V. and Oshkosh Corporation Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Independent Chair Independent, 74, 2017 Retired Chairman, President and CEO, Edison International Wells Fargo Company C Robert M. Davis Independent, 59, 2018 Chairman and CEO, Merck Co., Inc. Merck Co., Inc. C Caroline Dorsa Independent, 66, 2021 Retired Executive Vice President and CFO, Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated X Biogen Inc. and Illumina, Inc. W. Roy Dunbar Independent, 64, 2021 Retired Chairman and CEO of Network Solutions, LLC X Johnson Controls International, PLC, McKesson Corporation, and SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. Nicholas C. Fanandakis Independent, 69, 2019 Retired Executive Vice President, DuPont de Nemours, Inc. (formerly DowDuPont, Inc.) FTI Consulting, Inc. Enviri Corporation C Jeffrey B. Guldner Independent, 60, 2025 Retired Chairman and CEO of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its Primary subsidiary, Arizona Public Service Company Nextpower Inc. John T. Herron Independent, 72, 2013 Retired President, CEO and Chief Nuclear Officer, Entergy Nuclear None C Idalene F. Kesner Independent, 68, 2021 Dean Emerita, Indiana University Kelley School of Business X None Michael J. Pacilio Independent, 65, 2021 Retired Executive Vice President and COO, Exelon Generation, Exelon Corp. None Harry K. Sideris Executive Director, 55, 2025 President and CEO, Duke Energy Corporation None Thomas E. Skains Independent, 69, 2016 Retired Chairman, President and CEO, Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc. National Fuel Gas Company and Truist Financial Corporation William E. Webster, Jr. Independent, 72, 2016 Retired Executive Vice President, Institute of Nuclear Power Operations None 10 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Our Board Composition* Skills, Qualifications, and Experience Our Board nominees exhibit a diverse range of skills and experience that collectively creates a well-rounded perspective suitable to protecting the interests of shareholders. The following table denotes the areas of expertise we value and the director nominees with that expertise or experience. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY SKILLS MATRIX Derrick Burks Annette K. Clayton Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Robert M. Davis Caroline Dorsa W. Roy Dunbar Nicholas C. Fanandakis Jeffrey B. Guldner John T. Herron Idalene F. Kesner Michael J. Pacilio Harry K. Sideris Thomas E. Skains William E. Webster, Jr. CUSTOMER SERVICE Experience in a customer-facing industry with an understanding of customer and community expectations, including transforming the customer experience. CYBERSECURITY/TECHNOLOGY/ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Experience with security measures necessary for safe transmission and distribution operations; understanding of cyberthreats, risk mitigation and policy, as well as management or oversight experience with technologies key to operational technical systems, including customer experience, financial systems, internal and grid operations, and an understanding of recent innovations in utility operational technology; experience implementing efficiency improvements through technology, including emerging capabilities, such as artificial intelligence to support oversight of innovation, digital transformation, and associated risk management. ENVIRONMENT SUSTAINABILITY Experience in overseeing or advising on environmental, climate, or sustainability practices; understanding of environmental policy, regulation, risk, and business operations in regulated industries; experience in managing environmental impacts; in-depth knowledge of operational risks. EXECUTIVE CEO or other executive management leadership experience with an understanding of how to lead complex organizations. FINANCE OR ACCOUNTING Experience in accounting or finance, including oversight of financial reporting and internal controls and/or raising debt and equity capital. GOVERNANCE Experience maintaining board and management accountability; a deep understanding of strong governance and compliance practices that protect and align with the interests of investors and other stakeholders; experience in investor relations. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Experience in attracting, developing, motivating, and retaining a talented workforce. INDUSTRY Experience in utility, energy and/or nuclear energy operations, including the associated risks and public policy issues. REGULATORY/GOVERNMENT Experience in regulatory affairs, public policy, or government; exposure to heavily regulated industries and their governing bodies; experience directly managing employees engaged in policy or regulatory affairs. RISK MANAGEMENT Experience identifying, assessing, and controlling financial or business risks, including those risks with potential to impact public safety, operations, and shareholder value, including environmental impacts. 12 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors The Corporate Governance Committee, comprised of only independent directors, has recommended all of the director nominees discussed on pages 14 through 22 of this proxy statement. We have a declassified Board, which means all the directors are voted on every year at the Annual Meeting. If any director is unable to stand for election, the Board may reduce the number of directors or designate a substitute. In that case, shares represented by proxies may be voted for a substitute director. We do not expect that any nominee will be unavailable or unable to serve. Our Principles for Corporate Governance includes a director retirement policy, which is described in more detail on page 34 of this proxy statement. Pursuant to this policy, Marie McKee will be retiring as of the 2026 Annual Meeting date. Majority Voting for the Election of Directors Under Duke Energy s By-Laws, in an uncontested election at which a quorum is present, a director-nominee will be elected if the number of votes cast FOR the nominee s election exceeds the number of votes cast AGAINST the nominee s election. Abstentions and broker non-votes do not count. In addition, Duke Energy has a resignation policy in our Principles for Corporate Governance, which requires that if an incumbent director has more votes cast as AGAINST that nominee s election than votes cast FOR his or her election, such incumbent director must tender his or her letter of resignation for consideration by the Corporate Governance Committee. In contested elections, directors will be elected by plurality vote. For purposes of the By-Laws, a contested election is an election in which the number of nominees for director is greater than the number of directors to be elected. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Biographical Information, Skills, and Qualifications of our Board Nominees Derrick Burks Independent Director Nominee Age : 69 Director of Duke Energy since 2022 Retired Managing Partner of Ernst Young, LLP, Indianapolis office Committees : Audit Committee Finance and Risk Management Committee Other current public directorships : Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. Kite Realty Group Trust KRG Mr. Burks retired from the public accounting firm of Ernst Young, LLP in 2017, where he served as managing partner of the Indianapolis office for 13 years. Prior to this time, Mr. Burks worked for 24 years for the public accounting firm of Arthur Andersen, where he served for three years as managing partner of the Indianapolis office. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Burks qualifications for election include his experience as an independent public accountant for large corporations and public companies requiring SEC expertise during his time with Ernst Young and Arthur Andersen. Throughout his career, Mr. Burks has served companies in various industries, including energy and utilities, and obtained valuable expertise in the areas of environmental operations and regulations, governance, regulatory, and risk management. His skills and experience in these areas, as well as his knowledge of the Indiana service territory, are valuable contributions to the Board. 14 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Annette K. Clayton Independent Director Nominee Age : 62 Director of Duke Energy since 2019 Retired Chairwoman and CEO, Schneider Electric North America Committees : Audit Committee Finance and Risk Management Committee Other current public directorships : NXP Semiconductors N.V. Oshkosh Corporation Ms. Clayton served as Chairwoman of Schneider Electric North America, the largest operating region for Schneider Electric, a multinational corporation specializing in energy management and automation solutions, from April 2023 to April 2024. Prior to that, Ms. Clayton served as Schneider Electric s CEO for the region from April 2022 through April 2023 and President and CEO from June 2016 until April 2022. She was the company s Chief Supply Chain Officer from May 2011 until January 2019. In addition, she served as a member of Schneider Electric s Executive Committee from May 2011 to April 2024. Prior to her employment at Schneider Electric, Ms. Clayton served at Dell, Inc. as Vice President of Global Supply Chain Operations and Vice President of Americas Operations, and at General Motors as President of their Saturn subsidiary, Corporate Vice President of Global Quality, and a member of their strategy board. Ms. Clayton previously served on the board of directors of Polaris Inc. and Nordson Corporation. She serves on the board of NXP Semiconductors N.V. and Oshkosh Corporation. Skills and qualifications : Ms. Clayton s qualifications for election include her experience in senior management at Schneider Electric overseeing the strategic direction and financial accountability of the company s North America operation, as well as leading large global operations and supply chains spanning 65 countres. In her prior roles as Chairwoman of Schneider Electric North America, and as President and CEO for the region, she gained experience in customer service through her oversight of customer call centers, as well as cybersecurity and technology through Schneider Electric s work with the United States government on its cybersecurity infrastructure. Ms. Clayton has also leveraged AI tools to analyze data, identify trends, solve complex operational challenges, and drive efficiency across the organization. Ms. Clayton is well-versed in environmental, social, and governance practices through her work with Schneider Electric s sustainability division. In working with government policy-makers, innovators, agencies, and associations, she brings expertise about the new energy landscape to advance standards and shape policies that impact the changing dynamics of the industry. Ms. Clayton also has human capital management experience through her work on talent management, succession planning, and workforce development initiatives at Schneider Electric, Dell, and General Motors. These skills uniquely fit the needs that benefit Duke Energy in our corporate strategy. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Independent Director Nominee Age : 74 Independent Chair Director of Duke Energy since 2017 Retired Chairman, President and CEO, Edison International Committees : Compensation and People Development Committee Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) Other current public directorships : Wells Fargo Company Mr. Craver was Chairman, President and CEO of Edison International, the parent company of a large California utility and various competitive electric businesses, from 2008 until his retirement in 2016. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Craver served as CEO of Edison Mission Energy, a subsidiary of Edison International. Prior to his appointment as CEO of Edison Mission Energy, Mr. Craver served as CFO of Edison International from 2000 to 2004. He started at Edison International in 1996 after leaving First Interstate Bancorp, where he was Executive Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. Mr. Craver is a former member of the ESCC, the organization that is the principal liaison between the federal government and the electric power sector responsible for coordinating efforts to prepare for, and respond to, national-level disasters or threats to critical infrastructure. Mr. Craver currently serves on the board of directors of Wells Fargo Company, as a Senior Advisor to Blackstone s Global Infrastructure Fund, and as a Senior Advisor to Bain Company. He is also on the Board of Councilors of Cordoba Corporation and on the Advisory Board of the Center on Cyber and Technology Innovation, which is a research institute focusing on national security and foreign policy. Mr. Craver has served as Independent Chair of the Board since April 2025 and previously served as Lead Independent Director from May 2022 to April 2025. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Craver s qualifications for election include his experience as CEO of Edison International, which gives him in-depth knowledge of the utility industry and the regulatory arena, including environmental regulations, as well as his financial and risk management experience obtained as a CFO at Edison International, and at First Interstate Bancorp as the Chair of the Asset and Liability Committee, which was responsible for the oversight of risk management within the organization. Mr. Craver s experience in the industry also gives him a keen awareness of the needs of utility customers during this time of industry change. In addition, Mr. Craver s experience with grid cybersecurity as a member of the Steering Committee of the ESCC and as a member of the Advisory Board of the Center on Cyber and Technology Innovation gives him insight into this crucial area for Duke Energy. In 2018, he earned the CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the National Association of Corporate Directors. 16 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Robert M. Davis Independent Director Nominee Age : 59 Director of Duke Energy since 2018 Chairman and CEO, Merck Co. Inc. Committees : Corporate Governance Committee Finance and Risk Management Committee (Chair) Other current public directorships : Merck Co. Inc. Mr. Davis has been Chairman of the Board of Merck since December 2022 and CEO of Merck since July 2021. Prior to that time, Mr. Davis served as Merck s President from April 2021 until June 2021, responsible for the company s operating divisions Human Health, Animal Health, Manufacturing and Merck Research Laboratories. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Global Services since 2016, with responsibility for information technology and procurement, and Merck s CFO since April 2014, with additional responsibility for real estate operations, corporate strategy, and business development. Prior to joining Merck, Mr. Davis was Corporate Vice President and President of Baxter International Inc. s medical products business. During his tenure at Baxter, he held several other positions, including President of Baxter s renal business, CFO, and Treasurer. Before joining Baxter in 2004, Mr. Davis held numerous positions of increasing responsibility over 14 years at Eli Lilly and Company. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Davis qualifications for election include his significant experience in regulatory matters, finance, and risk management obtained during his service as the Chairman and CEO of Merck and as CFO prior to that. During his service as CFO, enterprise risk management and finance were within his areas of responsibility. In addition, he gained significant experience in these areas, while serving in a variety of management and finance roles at Baxter International. Mr. Davis legal knowledge, obtained when he earned his Doctor of Jurisprudence, adds additional insight to the Board s discussions of legal and risk issues. Mr. Davis also has significant experience with technology and cybersecurity as a result of his direct oversight of those areas during his time as CFO of Merck and at Baxter International. Mr. Davis experience at Merck provides valuable insight into navigating an industry undergoing rapid transformation. Caroline Dorsa Independent Director Nominee Age: 66 Director of Duke Energy since 2021 Retired Executive Vice President and CFO, Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated Committees : Audit Committee Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee Other current public directorships : Biogen Inc. Illumina, Inc. Ms. Dorsa served as the Executive Vice President and CFO of Public Service Enterprise Group, a diversified energy company, from April 2009 until her retirement in October 2015, and served on its board of directors from February 2003 to April 2009. She also served in numerous senior management positions at Merck, Gilead Sciences, and Avaya prior to joining Public Service Enterprise Group. Ms. Dorsa previously served as a trustee on the boards of the Goldman Sachs Asset Management ETF, Closed-End-Funds, and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Ms. Dorsa will be retiring as a director on the board of Biogen Inc. effective June 9, 2026. Skills and qualifications : Ms. Dorsa s qualifications for election include her financial acumen, her cybersecurity and technology experience, and her understanding of the regulatory and human capital management risks in the energy industry, gained during her time at Public Service Enterprise Group, where she served as a member of the board of directors, Executive Vice President and CFO, head of the finance department, and was directly responsible for the information technology and business development groups. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS W. Roy Dunbar Independent Director Nominee Age: 64 Director of Duke Energy since 2021 Retired Chairman and CEO of Network Solutions, LLC Committees : Compensation and People Development Committee Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee Other current public directorships : Johnson Controls International, PLC McKesson Corporation SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. Mr. Dunbar has been a developer for solar projects since retiring as Chairman and CEO of Network Solutions in October 2009. He had served as Chairman and CEO since January 2008. Mr. Dunbar also served as the President of Global Technology and Operations for MasterCard Incorporated from September 2004 until January 2008. Prior to MasterCard, Mr. Dunbar worked at Eli Lilly and Company for 14 years, serving as President of Intercontinental Operations, and earlier as Chief Information Officer. Mr. Dunbar is a National Association of Corporate Directors Board Leadership Fellow. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Dunbar s qualifications for election include his experience and insight into environmental regulations, clean energy, social issues, and the energy industry during his time as a solar developer and his deep experience across a number of functional disciplines, including the application of information technology across different business sectors. The variety of these experiences in these areas, which are critical to the success of the Company s strategy, make him a uniquely qualified member of the Board. Nicholas C. Fanandakis Independent Director Nominee Age: 69 Director of Duke Energy since 2019 Retired Executive Vice President, DuPont de Nemours, Inc. (formerly DowDuPont, Inc.) Committees : Audit Committee (Chair) Compensation and People Development Committee Other current public directorships : FTI Consulting, Inc. New Outside Directorship Enviri Corporation Mr. Fanandakis is a retired Executive Vice President of DuPont, a holding company with agriculture, materials science, and specialty products businesses. Mr. Fanandakis served as Executive Vice President and CFO at E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company from 2009 until January 2019 and as Executive Vice President of DuPont until his retirement in July 2019. Prior to 2009, Mr. Fanandakis served in various plant, marketing, product management, and business director roles in the DuPont organization since 1979. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Fanandakis qualifications for election include his management experience gained during his career in numerous areas of DuPont. In addition to his management experience, Mr. Fanandakis expertise in finance, tax, banking, and risk management at a company undergoing transformation is an asset to Duke Energy s Board. 18 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Jeffrey B. Guldner Independent Director Nominee Age : 60 Director of Duke Energy since 2025 Retired President, Chairman and CEO, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation, and Chairman and CEO of its primary subsidiary, Arizona Public Service Company Committees : Compensation and People Development Committee Finance and Risk Management Committee Other current public directorships: Nextpower Inc. Mr. Guldner served as President, Chairman and CEO of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (Pinnacle), a utility holding company, and Chairman and CEO of its primary subsidiary, Arizona Public Service Company (APS), an electric utility company, from November 2019 until March 2025. Prior to joining Pinnacle West and APS, Mr. Guldner was a partner with the law firm of Snell Wilmer LLP, where he practiced public utility, telecommunications and energy law. Mr. Guldner also served as a surface warfare officer in the United States Navy and was an assistant professor of naval science at the University of Washington. Mr. Guldner serves on the board of directors of Nextpower Inc., the McCain Institute, and Smart Electric Power Alliance, and served as a board member of the EEI and NEI. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Guldner s qualifications for election include his leadership and energy sector insights gained from his career at Pinnacle and APS, where he led through pivotal moments of execution and transformation. Mr. Guldner s expertise in public utility, telecommunications and energy law will also be a strong asset to Duke Energy s Board. John T. Herron Independent Director Nominee Age : 72 Director of Duke Energy since 2013 Retired President, CEO and Chief Nuclear Officer, Entergy Nuclear Committees : Finance and Risk Management Committee Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee (Chair) Other current public directorships : None Mr. Herron was President, CEO and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear, the nuclear operations of Entergy Corporation, an electric utility, from 2009 until his retirement in 2013. Mr. Herron joined Entergy Nuclear in 2001 and held a variety of positions. He began his career in nuclear operations in 1979 and, through his career, held positions at a number of nuclear stations across the country. Mr. Herron has served on the board of directors of INPO and Ontario Power Generation. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Herron s qualifications for election include his knowledge and extensive insight gained as a senior executive in the utility industry, including his three decades of experience in nuclear energy. In addition to his nuclear expertise, during Mr. Herron s career, and particularly during his time as CEO and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear, he gained significant financial, regulatory, and environmental expertise, as well as an understanding of utility customers. He also obtained risk management expertise, a required skill for those tasked with overseeing the operation of nuclear power plants. Mr. Herron also had direct responsibility for the management of cybersecurity as CEO and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Idalene F. Kesner Independent Director Nominee Age: 68 Director of Duke Energy since 2021 Dean Emerita, Indiana University Kelley School of Business Committees : Corporate Governance Committee Finance and Risk Management Committee Other current public directorships : None Dr. Kesner is the Dean Emerita and the Frank P. Popoff Chair of Strategic Management at the Indiana University Kelley School of Business (the Kelley School). She served as Dean for the Kelley School from July 2013 until July 31, 2022. Dr. Kesner joined the Kelley School faculty in 1995, coming from a titled faculty position at the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. While at the Kelley School, Dr. Kesner served as co-director of the Kelley School s Consulting Academy, Chair of the Kelley School s Full-Time M.B.A. Program, Chair of the Department of Management and Entrepreneurship, and Associate Dean for Faculty Research. In addition to teaching various graduate-level courses in the area of strategic management, Dr. Kesner has taught in more than 100 executive programs and served as a consultant for many national and international firms, working on strategic issues. Her research has focused on the areas of corporate boards of directors, corporate governance, and mergers and acquisitions. Dr. Kesner serves on the board of advisors for Lincoln Industries and on the board of directors of American Family Insurance. She was previously a member of the board of directors of Berry Global Group, Inc., Main Street America Group, Sun Life Financial, and Olympic Steel, Inc. Skills and qualifications : Dr. Kesner s qualifications for election include her risk, governance, strategy, succession planning, and executive training and development expertise obtained as part of her educational background, as well as her work on the boards of other highly regulated companies, and her customer service and regulatory knowledge obtained as a leader at the Kelley School, a public state organization. 20 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Michael J. Pacilio Independent Director Nominee Age : 65 Director of Duke Energy since 2021 Retired Executive Vice President and COO, Exelon Generation, Exelon Corp. Committees : Audit Committee Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee Other current public directorships : None Mr. Pacilio is a retired Executive Vice President and COO of Exelon Generation, one of the largest competitive power generators in the United States, and had the nation s largest nuclear fleet and a balanced portfolio of natural gas, hydro, wind, and solar generation. Mr. Pacilio had nearly 40 years of experience at Exelon, where he held a variety of management positions within Exelon Nuclear and Exelon Generation, including President and Chief Nuclear Officer, and has held numerous leadership roles outside of Exelon, including leading the nuclear sector s response to the Fukushima tsunami, helping to develop a national industry strategy on digital equipment and cybersecurity, and roles within INPO, the World Nuclear Association, and the NEI, where he served on the executive committee of the board of directors. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Pacilio s qualifications for election include his extensive knowledge of the nuclear industry, which relies heavily on an understanding and application of risk management and regulatory expertise. His understanding of the financial, operational, and environmental requirements for carbon-free generation, including nuclear, wind, and solar, will provide valuable insight to the Board, as the Company pursues its business strategy. In addition, Mr. Pacilio s cybersecurity and technology experience within the industry will be valuable as the Company continues to utilize digital innovation to become more efficient. Harry K. Sideris Non-Independent Director Nominee Age : 55 Director of Duke Energy since 2025 President and CEO Duke Energy Corporation Committees : None Other current public directorships : None Mr. Sideris has served as CEO of Duke Energy since April 1, 2025, and as President of Duke Energy since April 2024. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Customer Experience, Solutions and Services from October 2019 to April 2024; Senior Vice President and Chief Distribution Officer from June 2018 to October 2019; State President, Florida from January 2017 to June 2018; Senior Vice President of Environmental Health and Safety from August 2014 to January 2017; and Vice President of Power Generation for the Company s Fossil/Hydro Operations in the western portions of North Carolina and South Carolina from July 2012 to August 2014. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Sideris s qualifications for election include his extensive leadership experience in operations, customer service, strategy, and stakeholder and regulatory engagement, and in-depth knowledge of the utilities industry gained through his nearly three-decade career with Duke Energy. His knowledge of the affairs of Duke Energy and our business makes him a valuable resource for the Board. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Thomas E. Skains Independent Director Nominee Age : 69 Director of Duke Energy since 2016 Retired Chairman, President and CEO, Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc. Committees : Compensation and People Development Committee Corporate Governance Committee Other current public directorships : National Fuel Gas Company Truist Financial Corporation Mr. Skains was Chairman, President and CEO of Piedmont, a natural gas distribution business, until his retirement in 2016. He served as Chairman of Piedmont from December 2003 until October 2016, CEO from February 2003 until October 2016, and as President from February 2002 until October 2016, when Piedmont was acquired by Duke Energy and Mr. Skains joined the Board. Prior to becoming President of Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc. in February 2002, Mr. Skains served in various roles, including COO and as Senior Vice President, Marketing and Supply Services, where he directed Piedmont s commercial natural gas activities. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Skains s qualifications for election include his financial and risk management expertise and public company governance and strategy gained during his time as Chairman, President and CEO of Piedmont. His time at Piedmont also provided him with in-depth knowledge of the natural gas industry, the environmental regulations related to the industry, and the needs of natural gas customers. His prior experience as a corporate energy attorney also gives Mr. Skains insight on legal and regulatory compliance matters. William E. Webster, Jr. Independent Director Nominee Age : 72 Director of Duke Energy since 2016 Retired Executive Vice President, Institute of Nuclear Power Operations Committees : Corporate Governance Committee Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee Other current public directorships : None Mr. Webster was Executive Vice President of Industry Strategy for INPO, a nonprofit organization that promotes the highest levels of safety and reliability in the operation of commercial nuclear power plants, until his retirement in June 2016. Mr. Webster has 34 years of experience obtained at INPO, where he held a variety of management positions in the Industry Evaluations, Plant Support, Engineering Support, and Plant Analysis and Emergency Preparedness divisions prior to his retirement. He is the recipient of the 2022 Henry Dewolf Smyth Nuclear Statesman Award sponsored by the ANS and NEI. Mr. Webster currently serves as the Chairman of the Japan Nuclear Safety Institute. Skills and qualifications : Mr. Webster s qualifications for election include the extensive knowledge he gained during his 34 years in the nuclear industry, including experience with respect to environmental laws and reporting for the nuclear industry, and his regulatory expertise through his interface with the NRC on making new nuclear safety rules after the Fukushima incident in Japan. At INPO, Mr. Webster also was responsible for the development of risk management guidelines for the nuclear industry. These skills, as well as his operational and engineering expertise, are an asset to the Board and its committees as our Company focuses on operational excellence. The Board of Directors Recommends a Vote FOR Each Nominee. 22 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board Leadership Structure The Board regularly evaluates the leadership structure of Duke Energy and may consider alternative approaches, as appropriate, over time. The Board believes that Duke Energy and our shareholders are best served by the Board retaining discretion to determine the appropriate leadership structure based on what it believes is best for Duke Energy at a particular point in time, including whether the same individual should serve as both Chair and CEO, or whether the roles should be separate. At this time, our Board believes that maintaining a separate CEO and Independent Chair of the Board structure is best for the Company, and gives primary responsibility for the operational leadership and strategic direction of Duke Energy to our CEO, while the Independent Chair of the Board facilitates our Board s independent oversight of management, serves as principal liaison between the Board and senior management, and leads our Board s consideration of key governance matters. The Board recognizes the importance of independent oversight over management at all times, and our Principles of Corporate Governance, a copy of which is posted on our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/corporate-governance/principles-corp-governance, provide that the independent members of the Board will elect a Lead Independent Director in the event the Chair of the Board and CEO roles are held by the same individual, or the person holding the role of Chair of the Board is not independent under Duke Energy s Standards for Assessing Director Independence, a copy of which is posted on our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/corporate- governance/board . BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Independence of Directors The Board has determined that none of the director nominees, other than Mr. Sideris, has a material relationship with Duke Energy or any of our subsidiaries, and that all non-employee directors are, therefore, independent under the listing standards of the NYSE and the rules and regulations of the SEC. In making the determination regarding each director s independence, the Board considered all transactions and the materiality of any relationship with Duke Energy and any of our subsidiaries in light of all facts and circumstances. The Board may determine a director to be independent if it has affirmatively determined that the director has no material relationship with Duke Energy or our subsidiaries, either directly or as a shareholder, director, officer, or employee of an organization that has a relationship with Duke Energy or our subsidiaries. Independence determinations are generally made when a director joins the Board and on an annual basis at the time the Board approves director-nominees for inclusion in the proxy statement. The Board also considers its Standards for Assessing Director Independence, which sets forth certain relationships between Duke Energy and our directors and their immediate family members, or affiliated entities, that the Board, in its judgment, has deemed to be immaterial for purposes of assessing a director s independence. Duke Energy s Standards for Assessing Director Independence are available on our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/ corporate-governance/board . In the event a director has a relationship with Duke Energy that is not addressed in the Standards for Assessing Director Independence, the Corporate Governance Committee, which is composed entirely of independent members of the Board, reviews the relationship and makes a recommendation to the nonconflicted, independent members of the Board who determine whether such relationship is material. Director Attendance The Board met eight times during 2025 and as of the date of this proxy statement, has met once so far in 2026. During the 2025 Board meetings, our Board held six executive sessions with independent directors only. Directors are expected to attend at least 75% of Board meetings and the meetings of the committees upon which he or she serves. The overall attendance for our directors for Board and all committee meetings, including any special committee, was approximately 99% in 2025. All directors attended more than 75% of the Board meetings and the meetings of the committees upon which he or she served in 2025. Directors are also encouraged to attend the Annual Meeting. All directors who were directors at the time of last year s Annual Meeting on May 1, 2025, attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. 24 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Board and Committee Assessments Each year the directors, with the assistance of the Corporate Governance Committee, conduct a self-assessment of the Board, the committees, and the directors. The annual assessment process is conducted by a third-party, which allows directors to provide anonymous feedback and promotes candidness among the directors. The third-party aggregates and provides analysis of all results, which is then presented to the Board and committees and discussed in executive session. In addition to the written assessments conducted annually by the third-party, the Independent Chair annually and throughout the year meets with each director individually to discuss the performance of the Board and to identify potential improvements to Board and director effectiveness. Management and the Board then incorporate the feedback received in both the written assessments and the discussions throughout the year. The annual review process and regular discussions throughout the year provide continuous improvement feedback in the overall effectiveness of the directors, committees, and Board, and provide an opportunity for directors to express any concerns they may have. This process also allows the Board to identify opportunities for Board refreshment, director education, and topics for the Board to focus on in future meetings. During the Board s assessment in early 2025, the Board identified various topics for which they sought further education and briefings, additional metrics for regular review, and best practices they observed throughout the year. In response, the Company organized site visits for directors, including to a facility with research and development labs, classrooms, and training facilities where energy storage, drones, fleet and residential electrification, products and services, and other technologies are tested and developed. Additionally, we held director education sessions, featuring external speakers. These sessions covered a variety of topics, including industry and economic trends, advanced nuclear technologies, and quantum computing. Board Role in Management Succession The independent directors of the Board are actively involved in our management succession planning process. Throughout the year, the independent directors discuss potential successors to key executives and examine backgrounds, capabilities and appropriate developmental assignments for potential successors. Among the Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities described in its charter is the responsibility to oversee continuity and succession planning. At least annually, the Corporate Governance Committee or full Board reviews the CEO succession plan and makes recommendations to the Board for the successor to the CEO. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee reports to the Board regarding its assessment of how the Company is positioned to meet the requirements of Duke Energy s long-term goals. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Board Oversight of Risk As is true with other large public companies, Duke Energy faces a myriad of risks, including operational, financial, strategic, and reputational risks that affect every segment of our business. The Board is actively involved in the oversight of these risks in several ways. This oversight is conducted primarily through the Finance and Risk Management Committee of the Board but also through the other committees of the Board, as appropriate. The Finance and Risk Management Committee reviews Duke Energy s enterprise risk program with management, including the Chief Risk Officer, on a regular basis at its committee meetings. The enterprise risk program, which is reviewed by the full Board annually, includes the identification of a broad range of risks that affect Duke Energy, their probabilities and severity, and incorporates a review of our approach to managing and prioritizing those risks based on input from the officers responsible for the management of those risks. As part of this enterprise risk oversight, the Board and its committees consider, as applicable, emerging risks associated with the use of advanced and evolving technologies, including artificial intelligence, within Duke Energy s existing risk management framework. In addition to the oversight of enterprise risk that is conducted through the Finance and Risk Management Committee, each committee of the Board is responsible for the oversight of certain risks that pertain to that committee s area of focus. Each committee regularly receives updates from the business units to review the risks in those areas. Throughout the year, each committee Chair reports to the full Board regarding the committee s considerations and actions related to the risks within its area of focus. 26 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Board Oversight of Key Risks Duke Energy s enterprise-wide risk management process is designed to identify, assess, prioritize, and mitigate risks that could negatively impact its business or strategic objectives. The Company s risk oversight processes and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to appropriately and timely escalate key risks to the Board, as well as to management and key employees in order to analyze potential risks for disclosure purposes. Climate, regulatory and legislative, and supply chain risk The Finance and Risk Management Committee receives regular updates from management regarding the Company s top risks and mitigation efforts, which are reported to the Board. In 2025, these topics included discussions of: Financing our strategy; The pace of our efforts to modernize the energy infrastructure relative to customer affordability and reliability; Diversification of critical suppliers and pre-committing to long-lead equipment; Impact of severe weather events; and Federal and state policy and regulations. The Compensation and People Development Committee incorporates an energy modernization goal into the Company s STI Plan, as further described on page 46 of this proxy statement. This goal further enhances the other performance measures in our compensation plans. Talent, workforce, and charitable giving The Compensation and People Development Committee discusses, reviews, and oversees risks related to employee engagement trends, the design and operation of the incentive compensation programs and the degree to which such programs appropriately balance enterprise risk, workforce programs and metrics, plans to support our business strategy and future workforce needs. The Corporate Governance Committee regularly discusses charitable contributions and priority areas for giving. In fiscal year 2025, Duke Energy and the Duke Energy Foundation invested nearly $42.7 million to directly support our communities. The Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee reviews the Company s operations, as well as environmental, health and safety performance at each regular committee meeting. Governance Cybersecurity and political expenditures and sustainability-focused disclosures oversight Senior leadership briefs the Board and Audit Committee on information security matters, including AI, several times throughout the year. In 2025, the Audit Committee received updates on cybersecurity and information security from the Company s Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Security and Information Security Officer, and/or other members of senior leadership and reviewed metrics and trends at four regularly scheduled meetings. The reviews presented to the Audit Committee were followed by an update to the full Board by the Chair of the Audit Committee. Within the last three years, the Company has only experienced immaterial information security breaches for which the total expenses incurred were immaterial. The Company, including members of the Board, participated in tabletop cybersecurity exercises during 2025. The Audit Committee discussed the Company s sustainability-related disclosures, processes, and disclosure frameworks. The Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviewed the Company s political expenditures, as well as the Company s processes and priorities related to those political expenditures. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Board of Directors Committees The Board has five standing committees described below. Each committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. The charters are posted on our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/corporate-governance/board-committee-charters . Each committee has primary responsibility for the oversight of the issues discussed below. After each committee meeting, the chair of each committee provides a thorough update to the full Board of each of the items reviewed, discussed, or approved at the committee meeting. BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP ROSTER Name Audit Compensation and People Development Corporate Governance Finance and Risk Management Operations and Nuclear Oversight Derrick Burks Annette K. Clayton Theodore F. Craver, Jr. C Robert M. Davis C Caroline Dorsa W. Roy Dunbar Nicholas C. Fanandakis C Jeffrey B. Guldner John T. Herron C Idalene F. Kesner E. Marie McKee C Michael J. Pacilio Harry K. Sideris Thomas E. Skains William E. Webster, Jr. (C) Committee Chair 28 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Audit Committee Meetings in 2025: 8 Nicholas C. Fanandakis, Chair Committee Members Nicholas C. Fanandakis, Chair* Derrick Burks* Annette K. Clayton* Caroline Dorsa* Michael J. Pacilio* * Designated as an Audit Committee Financial Expert by the Board The Audit Committee considers risks and matters related to financial reporting, internal controls, compliance, legal, and cybersecurity and technology. As part of its responsibilities, the Audit Committee selects and retains an independent registered public accounting firm to conduct audits of the accounts of Duke Energy and our subsidiaries. Throughout 2025, the Audit Committee reviewed with the independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of their audits, as well as the accounting procedures, internal controls, and accounting and financial reporting policies and practices of Duke Energy and our subsidiaries, and made reports and recommendations to the Board, as appropriate. The Audit Committee is responsible for approving all audit and permissible non-audit services provided to Duke Energy by our independent registered public accounting firm. Pursuant to this responsibility, the Audit Committee adopted the policy on Engaging the Independent Auditor for Services, which provides that the Audit Committee will establish detailed services and related fee levels that may be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. See page 41 of this proxy statement for additional information on the Audit Committee s preapproval policy. The Audit Committee also receives, reviews, and acts on complaints and concerns regarding material accounting, internal controls, and auditing matters, including complaints regarding material misconduct on the part of our executive officers that could lead to significant reputational damage to the Company. Information regarding how to report concerns to the Audit Committee is posted on our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/corporate-governance/report-concerns-to-the-audit-committee. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for the oversight of cybersecurity and technology. As part of this, the Audit Committee receives updates throughout the year from the Company s Chief Administration Officer, Chief Security and Information Security Officer, and/or other members of senior management on cybersecurity and grid security issues, compliance with regulations, employee training, and drills at every regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting. In 2025, the Audit Committee received three updates and the full Board of Directors received one update on cybersecurity. The Audit Committee also receives periodic updates on Duke Energy s digital transformation and the operation of, and enhancements to, the Company s financial systems and business and operational technical systems. These updates include, as appropriate, information regarding the Company s AI governance practices and management s evaluation of emerging AI-related technology and cybersecurity risks. The reviews presented to the Audit Committee are followed with an update to the full Board of Directors by the Chair of the Audit Committee. The Board has determined that each of the members are Audit Committee Financial Experts as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. See pages 14, 15, 17, 18, and 21 of this proxy statement for a description of the business experience for Mr. Burks, Ms. Clayton, Ms. Dorsa, Mr. Fanandakis, and Mr. Pacilio, all of whom are nominated for election at the Annual Meeting. Each of the members has also been determined to be independent within the meaning of the NYSE s listing standards, Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and Duke Energy s Standards for Assessing Director Independence. In addition, each of the members meets the financial literacy requirements for audit committee membership under the NYSE s rules and the rules and regulations of the SEC. See pages 29 and 42 of this proxy statement for more information on the work of the Audit Committee. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Compensation and People Development Committee Meetings in 2025: 6 E. Marie McKee Chair Committee Members* E. Marie McKee, Chair Theodore F. Craver, Jr. W. Roy Dunbar Nicholas C. Fanandakis Jeffrey B. Guldner Thomas E. Skains * Effective September 15, 2025, Mr. Guldner joined the Compensation and People Development Committee. Mr. Skains will be designated as the Chair of the Compensation and People Development Committee, and Ms. McKee will retire from the Board and her Chair role, both effective following the 2026 Annual Meeting. The Compensation and People Development Committee establishes and reviews our overall compensation philosophy, confirms that our policies and philosophy do not encourage excessive or inappropriate risk-taking by our employees, reviews and approves the salaries and other compensation of certain employees, including all executive officers of Duke Energy, reviews and approves compensatory agreements with executive officers, approves certain equity grants and delegates authority to approve others, and reviews the effectiveness of, and approves changes to, compensation programs. It also makes recommendations to the Board on compensation for independent directors, and performs an annual evaluation of the performance of the CEO with input from the full Board. Management s role in the compensation-setting process is to recommend compensation programs and assemble information as required by the committee. When establishing the compensation program for our NEOs, the committee considers input and recommendations from management, including the President and CEO, who attend the Compensation and People Development Committee meetings. The Compensation and People Development Committee has engaged FW Cook as its independent compensation consultant. The compensation consultant attends each committee meeting and provides advice to the committee at the meetings, including providing, reviewing, and commenting on market compensation data used to establish the compensation of the executive officers and directors. The consultant has been instructed that it shall provide completely independent advice to the Compensation and People Development Committee and is not permitted to provide any services to Duke Energy other than at the direction of the Compensation and People Development Committee. As part of its responsibilities, the Compensation and People Development Committee also oversees human capital management initiatives. Each of the members of the Compensation and People Development Committee has been determined to be independent within the meaning of the NYSE s listing standards, Rule 10C-1(b) of the Exchange Act, and Duke Energy s Standards for Assessing Director Independence. Compensation and People Development Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. During 2025, none of the Compensation and People Development Committee members were officers or employees of Duke Energy, a former officer of Duke Energy, or had any business relationships requiring review and disclosure under our Related Person Transactions Policy. See pages 27, 37 through 38, and 43 through 81 of this proxy statement for more information on the work of the Compensation and People Development Committee. 30 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Corporate Governance Committee Meetings in 2025: 7 Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Chair Committee Members Theodore F. Craver, Jr., Chair Robert M. Davis Idalene F. Kesner E. Marie McKee Thomas E. Skains William E. Webster, Jr. The Corporate Governance Committee considers risks and matters related to corporate governance, including political activities and reviewing and understanding proposals by shareholders, as well as our policies and practices with respect to community impact strategies and goals, including philanthropic strategy and charitable giving and sustainability. The Corporate Governance Committee recommends the size and composition of the Board and its committees and recommends potential CEO successors to the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee also recommends to the Board the slate of nominees, including any nominees recommended by shareholders, for director at each year s Annual Meeting and when vacancies occur or in anticipation of other vacancies and needs of the Board, the names of individuals who would make suitable directors of Duke Energy. This committee may engage an external search firm or a third party to assist in identifying or evaluating a potential nominee. The Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in its annual determination of director independence and review of any related person transactions, as well as the Board s annual assessment of the Board and each of its committees. Each of the members of the Corporate Governance Committee has been determined to be independent within the meaning of the NYSE s listing standards and Duke Energy s Standards for Assessing Director Independence. See pages 27 and 33 through 36 of this proxy statement for more information on the work of the Corporate Governance Committee. Finance and Risk Management Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 Robert M. Davis Chair Committee Members* Robert M. Davis, Chair Derrick Burks Annette K. Clayton Jeffrey B. Guldner John T. Herron Idalene F. Kesner * Effective September 15, 2025, Mr. Guldner joined the Finance and Risk Management Committee. The Finance and Risk Management Committee is primarily responsible for the oversight of financial risk and enterprise risk at Duke Energy. This oversight function includes reviews of our long- and short-term financial objectives, evaluating financing requirements, and making recommendations to the Board regarding dividends, financing plans, and fiscal policies. The Finance and Risk Management Committee reviews the financial exposure of Duke Energy, as well as mitigation strategies, reviews Duke Energy s enterprise risk exposures, and provides oversight for the process to assess and manage enterprise risk. The Finance and Risk Committee also reviews the financial impacts of major projects and capital expenditures, as well as the financial and risk implications of any significant transaction requiring Board approval. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee Meetings in 2025: 4 John T. Herron Chair Committee Members John T. Herron, Chair Caroline Dorsa W. Roy Dunbar Michael J. Pacilio William E. Webster, Jr. The Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee provides oversight of the nuclear safety, operational and financial performance, as well as operational risks, long-term plans, strategies, and nuclear cybersecurity of Duke Energy s nuclear power program. The oversight role is one of review, observation, and comment, and in no way alters management s authority, responsibility, or accountability. The Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee is also responsible for the oversight of Duke Energy s environmental, health, and safety goals and policies, including ash management, and the operational performance of Duke Energy s utilities with regard to energy supply, delivery, fuel procurement, and transportation. The Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee visits each of Duke Energy s operating nuclear power stations periodically and reviews each station s nuclear safety, operational, and financial performance. The Operations and Nuclear Oversight Committee also reviews the operational and safety performance of our generation assets at every regularly scheduled meeting. 32 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE The following is the report of the Corporate Governance Committee with respect to its philosophy, responsibilities, and initiatives. The Corporate Governance Committee s charter is available on our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/corporate-governance/board-committee-charters/corporate-governance and is summarized below. Additional information about the Corporate Governance Committee and its members is detailed on page 31 of this proxy statement. Philosophy and Responsibilities We believe that sound corporate governance has three components: Board independence; processes and practices that foster sound decision-making by both management and the Board; and balancing the interests of all of our stakeholders our investors, customers, employees, the communities we serve, and the environment. Membership. The committee must be comprised of three or more members, all of whom must qualify as independent directors under the listing standards of the NYSE and other applicable rules and regulations. Responsibilities. The committee s responsibilities include, among other things: implementing policies regarding corporate governance matters; assessing the Board s membership needs and recommending nominees; recommending to the Board those directors to be selected for membership on, or removal from, the various Board committees and those directors to be designated as chairs of Board committees; reviewing the CEO succession plan and making recommendations to the Board for the successor to the CEO; sponsoring and overseeing annual performance evaluations for the Board and its various committees; overseeing Duke Energy s political expenditures and activities pursuant to the Political Expenditures Policy; reviewing our charitable contributions and community service policies and practices; reviewing Duke Energy s sustainability policies, programs, practices, strategies, goals, and related trends that may affect the Company; and reviewing Duke Energy s engagements with shareholders. The committee may also conduct or authorize investigations into or studies of matters within the scope of the committee s duties and responsibilities, and may retain, at Duke Energy s expense, and in the committee s sole discretion, consultants to assist in such work as the committee deems necessary. Governance Policies All of the Board committee charters, as well as our Principles for Corporate Governance, Code of Business Ethics for Employees, and Code of Business Conduct Ethics for Directors, are available on our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/corporate-governance. Any amendments to or waivers from our Code of Business Ethics for Employees with respect to executive officers or Code of Business Conduct Ethics for Directors must be approved by the Board and posted on our website. In addition, information regarding how to report actual or suspected violations of our codes of ethics, either through our anonymous EthicsLine or otherwise, is provided on the Ethics section of our website at www.duke-energy.com/our-company/about-us/ethics . Succession Planning The independent directors of the Board are actively involved in our management succession planning process. Throughout the year, they discuss potential successors to key executives and examine backgrounds, capabilities, and appropriate developmental assignments for potential successors. At least annually, the committee or full Board reviews the CEO succession plan and makes recommendations to the Board for the long term and emergency succession of the CEO. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee reports to the Board regarding its assessment of how the Company s executive management team is positioned to meet the requirements of Duke Energy s long-term goals. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Board Composition Board Refreshment The Board annually reviews its composition, skills, and needs in the context of Duke Energy s overall strategy. As part of the Board s overall refreshment, the Board has adopted a retirement policy within our Principles for Corporate Governance. Pursuant to this policy, the Board considers 75 years, as of the date of the Annual Meeting, to be the maximum age for an independent director to remain on the Board. However, the Corporate Governance Committee actively evaluates the composition of the Board and based on such evaluation, it is understood that not all directors will necessarily remain on the Board until age 75. The Committee s evaluation of the composition of the Board considers diversity, including skills and experiences needed on the Board to properly discharge its responsibilities. The Committee strives to achieve a balance between director refreshment and director continuity, with proper consideration given to avoiding a cluster of retirements in any one year. In this regard, the Committee annually conducts a thorough review of the current composition of the Board and recommends a slate of directors for Board approval to be included in the Company s proxy statement and presented at the Annual Meeting. Director Qualifications and Diversity. The Board recognizes that a diverse Board, management, and workforce are key to Duke Energy s success. This commitment is evidenced in the backgrounds, skills, and qualifications of the directors who have been nominated. The Board strives to have members representing a range of experiences and qualifications in areas that are relevant to Duke Energy s business and strategy. As part of the search process, the committee looks for the most qualified candidates, with the following characteristics: fundamental qualities, such as high standards of ethics, integrity, and fairness; a genuine interest in Duke Energy and a recognition that, as a member of the Board, one is accountable to the shareholders of Duke Energy, not to any particular interest group; a broad business background or understanding of business and financial affairs of a large, complex organization; a mix of experiences, skills, and qualifications; executive management experience at a highly complex organization, such as a corporation, university, or major unit of government, or a professional who regularly advises such organizations; no conflict of interest or legal impediment to the duty of loyalty owed to Duke Energy and our shareholders; willingness to commit sufficient time; compatibility and ability to work well with other directors and executives in a team effort with a view to a long-term relationship with Duke Energy as a director; independent opinions and willingness to state them in a constructive manner; and willingness to become a shareholder of Duke Energy (within a reasonable time of election to the Board). Director Candidate Recommendations. The committee may engage a third-party from time to time to assist in identifying and evaluating director-nominee candidates, in addition to current members of the Board standing for re-election. The committee will provide the third-party, based on the profile described above, the characteristics, skills, and experiences that may complement those of our existing members. The third-party will then provide recommendations for nominees with such attributes. The committee considers nominees recommended by shareholders on a similar basis, taking into account, among other things, the profile criteria described above and the nominee s experiences and skills. In addition, the committee considers the shareholder-nominee s independence with respect to both Duke Energy and the recommending shareholder. All of the nominees on the proxy card were recommended by the committee. Shareholders interested in submitting nominees as candidates for election as directors must provide timely written notice to the Corporate Governance Committee, c/o David S. Maltz, Vice President, Legal, Chief Governance Officer and Corporate Secretary, Duke Energy Corporation, 525 S. Tryon Street, DEP-09A, Charlotte, NC 28202 or by email to our Corporate Secretary at InvestDUK@duke-energy.com . The written notice must set forth, as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election as director: the name and address of the recommending shareholder(s), and the class and number of shares of common stock of Duke Energy that are beneficially owned by the recommending shareholder(s); a representation that the recommending shareholder(s) is a holder of record of common stock of Duke Energy entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and intends to attend the Annual Meeting remotely or by proxy to nominate the person(s) specified in the written notice; the name, age, business address, principal occupation, and employment of the recommended nominee; any information relevant to a determination of whether the recommended nominee meets the criteria for Board membership established by the Board and/or the Corporate Governance Committee; any information regarding the recommended nominee relevant to a determination of whether the recommended nominee would be considered independent under the applicable NYSE rules and SEC rules and regulations; 34 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE a description of any business or personal relationship between the recommended nominee and the recommending shareholder(s), including all arrangements or understandings between the recommended nominee and the recommending shareholder(s) and any other person(s) (naming such person(s)) pursuant to which the nomination is to be made by the recommending shareholder(s); a statement, signed by the recommended nominee, (i) verifying the accuracy of the biographical and other information about the nominee that is submitted with the recommendation; (ii) affirming the recommended nominee s willingness to be a director; and (iii) consenting to serve as a director if so elected; if the recommending shareholder(s) has beneficially owned more than 5% of Duke Energy s common stock for at least one year as of the date the recommendation is made, evidence of such beneficial ownership as specified in the rules and regulations of the SEC; if the recommending shareholder(s) intends to solicit proxies in support of such recommended nominee, a representation to that effect; and all other information relating to the recommended nominee that is required to be disclosed in solicitations for proxies in an election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, information regarding: (i) the recommended nominee s business experience; (ii) the class and number of shares of capital stock of Duke Energy, if any, that are beneficially owned by the recommended nominee; and (iii) material relationships or transactions, if any, between the recommended nominee and Duke Energy s management. Shareholder Director Candidate Nominations for Inclusion in the 2027 Proxy Statement through Proxy Access . Our By-Laws permit shareholders to nominate a director pursuant to our proxy access provision for the 2027 Annual Meeting. Please see the Shareholder Director Nominations for Inclusion in the 2027 Proxy Statement section on page 87 of this proxy statement for more information on the requirements and timing for submission. Shareholder Director Candidate Nominations for Presentation at the 2027 Annual Meeting Not Included in the 2027 Proxy Statement. Our By-Laws also set forth the procedures that a shareholder must follow to nominate a director candidate pursuant to our advance notice By-Law provision. Please see the Shareholder Director Nominations and Other Shareholder Proposals for Presentation at the 2027 Annual Meeting Not Included in the 2027 Proxy Statement section on page 87 of this proxy statement for more information on the requirements and timing for submission. Director Onboarding. Half of our Board nominees have joined the Board in the last five years. In order to help those new directors quickly transition into their roles on the Board, the director onboarding process has become increasingly important. Immediately following their appointment, each new director meets individually with the senior executives responsible for the Company s major lines of business and operations so that new directors may better understand the issues involved in all aspects of Duke Energy s business. In addition to discussing Duke Energy s businesses and operations, the new directors learn about our corporate governance practices and policies; the financial and technical aspects of our electric utility and natural gas businesses; the enterprise s significant risks; our long-term strategy; and Duke Energy s all of the above strategy to meet growing and evolving customer needs. Finally, new members to our Audit and Compensation and People Development Committees typically have a separate orientation to learn more about each committee s responsibilities, policies, and practices, and the matters that regularly come before the committee. Communications and Engagements with Directors Interested parties can communicate with any of our directors by sending an email to our Corporate Secretary at InvestDUK@duke-energy.com or by writing to our Corporate Secretary at the following address: Corporate Secretary David S. Maltz Vice President, Legal, Chief Governance Officer and Corporate Secretary Duke Energy Corporation 525 S. Tryon Street DEP-09A Charlotte, NC 28202 Interested parties can communicate with our Independent Chair by sending an email to InvestDUK@duke-energy.com or by writing to the following address: Independent Chair c/o David S. Maltz Vice President, Legal, Chief Governance Officer and Corporate Secretary Duke Energy Corporation 525 S. Tryon Street DEP-09A Charlotte, NC 28202 Our Corporate Secretary will distribute communications to the Board, or to any individual director or directors, as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. In that regard, the Board has requested that certain items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board be excluded, such as spam, junk mail and mass mailings, service complaints, resumes, and other forms of job inquiries, surveys, and business solicitations or advertisements. In addition, material that is BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE unduly hostile, threatening, obscene or similarly unsuitable will be excluded. However, any communication that is so excluded remains available to any director upon request. Corporate Governance Committee Theodore F. Craver, Jr., Chair Robert M. Davis Idalene F. Kesner E. Marie McKee Thomas E. Skains William E. Webster, Jr. 36 DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Our director compensation program is designed to attract and retain highly qualified directors and align their interests with those of our shareholders. We compensate directors who are not employed by Duke Energy with a combination of cash and equity awards, along with certain other benefits as described below. Ms. Good and Mr. Sideris did not receive compensation for their service on the Board. The Compensation and People Development Committee annually reviews the director compensation program and recommends proposed changes for approval by the Board. As part of this review, they consider the significant amount of time expended, and the skill level required, by each director not employed by Duke Energy in fulfilling his or her duties on the Board, each director s role and involvement on the Board and its committees and the market compensation practices and levels of our peer companies. During its annual review of the director compensation program in 2025, the Compensation and People Development Committee considered an analysis prepared by its independent consultant, FW Cook, which summarized director compensation trends for independent directors and pay levels at the same peer companies used to evaluate the compensation of our NEOs. Following this review, and after considering the advice of FW Cook about market practices and pay levels, the Compensation and People Development Committee recommended, and the Board approved, the following changes to our director compensation program: (i) an increase in the Annual Cash Retainer of $10,000; (ii) an increase in the Chair retainer for each of the Audit Committee and the Compensation and People Development Committee of $5,000; (iii) an increase in the Annual Stock Retainer of $20,000; and (iv) an increase in the annual Board Chair Retainer of $100,000 (payable half in cash and half in stock). No other changes were made to our director compensation program during 2025. As a result of these changes, our 2025 director compensation program consisted of the following: Annual Board Stock Retainer for 2025. In 2025, each eligible director received the portion of his or her annual retainer that was payable in stock in the form of fully vested shares. The stock retainer was granted under the Duke Energy Corporation 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan that was approved by our shareholders and generally provides that no non-employee director may be granted equity awards during a calendar year that have a grant date fair value, when added to any cash fees or retainers received for that year, of more than $750,000. Deferral Plan. Directors may elect to defer their annual stock retainer, or all or a portion of their annual cash compensation, under the Directors Savings Plan. Deferred amounts are credited to an unfunded account, the balance of which is adjusted for the performance of phantom investment options, including the Duke Energy common stock fund, as elected by the director, and generally are paid when the director terminates his or her service from the Board. Charitable Giving Program. The Duke Energy Foundation, independent of Duke Energy, maintains the Duke Energy Foundation Matching Gifts Program under which directors and employees generally are eligible to request matching contributions of up to $2,500 per director or employee per calendar year to qualifying institutions. In addition, a donation of $1,786 was made to Keep America Beautiful in December 2025 on behalf of each of the directors not employed by Duke Energy who served during 2025. Under the Duke Energy PAC match program, directors are eligible to receive matching contributions of up to $5,000 per year to qualifying institutions. Expense Reimbursement and Insurance. Duke Energy provides travel insurance to directors and reimburses directors for expenses reasonably incurred in connection with attendance and participation at Board and committee meetings and special functions. Stock Ownership Guidelines. Directors are subject to stock ownership guidelines, which establish a minimum level of ownership of Duke Energy common stock (or common stock equivalents). Currently, each director not employed by Duke Energy is required to own shares with a value equal to at least five times the annual Board cash retainer ( i.e. , an ownership level of $675,000) or retain 50% of his or her vested annual equity retainer. All directors were in compliance with the guidelines as of December 31, 2025. BUILDING A SMARTER ENERGY FUTURE DUKE ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table describes the compensation earned during 2025 by each individual, other than Ms. Good and Mr. Sideris, who served as a director during 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (2) Stock Awards ($) (3) All Other Compensation ($) (4) Total ($) Derrick Burks 131,676 194,977 9,536 336,189 Annette K. Clayton 141,676 194,977 7,036 343,689 Theodore F. Craver, Jr. 266,676 294,953 9,536 571,165 Robert M. Davis 161,676 194,977 9,536 366,189 Caroline Dorsa 141,676 194,977 4,536 341,189 W. Roy Dunbar 131,676 194,977 9,536 336,189 Nicholas C. Fanandakis 170,014 194,977 9,536 374,527 Jeffrey B. Guldner (1) 39,619 122,982 4,360 166,961 John T. Herron 161,676 194,977 9,536 366,189 Idalene F. Kesner 131,676 194,977 9,536 336,189 E. Marie McKee 155,