=== DUK_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional information). Debt and Equity Issuances Depending on availability based on the issuing entity, the credit rating of the issuing entity, and market conditions, the Subsidiary Registrants prefer to issue first mortgage bonds and secured debt, followed by unsecured debt. This preference is the result of generally higher credit ratings for first mortgage bonds and secured debt, which typically result in lower interest costs. Duke Energy Corporation primarily issues unsecured debt. In 2026, Duke Energy anticipates issuing additional securities of $9 billion through debt capital markets. In certain instances, Duke Energy may utilize instruments other than senior notes, including equity-content securities such as subordinated debt or preferred stock. Proceeds will primarily be for the purpose of funding capital expenditures and debt maturities. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Debt and Credit Facilities," for further information regarding significant debt issuances. In addition, in order to fund incremental growth capital, Duke Energy plans to issue $10 billion of common stock equity from 2027-2030 through the dividend reinvestment and ATM programs. Additionally, see Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Stockholders Equity for further details on equity forwards executed in 2025, which are expected to settle by December 31, 2026. Duke Energy s capitalization is balanced between debt and equity as shown in the table below. Projected 2026 Actual 2025 Actual 2024 Equity 39 % 37 % 38 % Debt 61 % 63 % 62 % Restrictive Debt Covenants Duke Energy s debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants. Duke Energy's Master Credit Facility contains a covenant requiring the debt-to-total capitalization ratio to not exceed 65% for each borrower, excluding Piedmont, and 70% for Piedmont. Failure to meet those covenants beyond applicable grace periods could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the agreements or sublimits thereto. The Duke Energy Registrants were in compliance with all other covenants related to their debt agreements as of December 31, 2025. I n addition, some credit agreements may allow for acceleration of payments or termination of the agreements due to nonpayment, or acceleration of other significant indebtedness of the borrower or some of its subsidiaries. None of the debt or credit agreements contain material adverse change clauses. 60 MD A LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Credit Ratings Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and S P provide credit ratings for various Duke Energy Registrants. The following table includes Duke Energy and certain subsidiaries credit ratings and ratings outlook as of February 2026. Moody's S P Duke Energy Corporation Stable Stable Issuer Credit Rating Baa2 BBB+ Senior Unsecured Debt Baa2 BBB Junior Subordinated Debt/Preferred Stock Baa3/Ba1 BBB- Commercial Paper P-2 A-2 Duke Energy Carolinas Stable Stable Senior Secured Debt Aa3 A Senior Unsecured Debt A2 BBB+ Progress Energy Stable Stable Senior Unsecured Debt Baa1 BBB Duke Energy Progress Stable Stable Senior Secured Debt Aa3 A Duke Energy Florida Stable Stable Senior Secured Debt A1 A Senior Unsecured Debt A3 BBB+ Duke Energy Ohio Stable Stable Senior Secured Debt A2 A Senior Unsecured Debt Baa1 BBB+ Duke Energy Indiana Stable Stable Senior Secured Debt Aa3 A Senior Unsecured Debt A2 BBB+ Duke Energy Kentucky Stable Stable Senior Unsecured Debt Baa1 BBB+ Piedmont Natural Gas Stable Stable Senior Unsecured A3 BBB+ Credit ratings are intended to provide credit lenders a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold. The Duke Energy Registrants credit ratings are dependent on the rating agencies assessments of their ability to meet their debt principal and interest obligations when they come due. If, as a result of market conditions or other factors, the Duke Energy Registrants are unable to maintain current balance sheet strength, or if earnings and cash flow outlook materially deteriorates, credit ratings could be negatively impacted. Cash Flow Information The following table summarizes Duke Energy s cash flows for the two most recently completed fiscal years. Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities $ 12,330 $ 12,328 Investing activities (14,338) (13,123) Financing activities 1,950 859 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (58) 64 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 421 357 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 363 $ 421 61 MD A LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES OPERATING CASH FLOWS The following table summarizes key components of Duke Energy s operating cash flows for the two most recently completed fiscal years. Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Variance Net income $ 5,071 $ 4,614 $ 457 Non-cash adjustments to net income 8,484 7,208 1,276 Contributions to qualified pension plans (100) (100) Payments for AROs (509) (545) 36 Working capital (886) 1,853 (2,739) Other assets and Other liabilities 270 (702) 972 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 12,330 $ 12,328 $ 2 The variance was driven primarily by: a $1,733 million increase in net income, after adjustment for non-cash items, primarily due to recovery of growing infrastructure investments to serve customers, including Duke Energy Florida's storm recovery surcharge, and higher cash proceeds from the sale of tax credits, partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense, interest expense and property taxes; and a $36 million decrease in ARO payments. Partially offset by: a $1,767 million decrease in cash inflow due to net working capital and changes in other assets and liabilities, primarily due to lower recovery of deferred fuel costs and the timing of accruals and payments, including higher current year payments related to restoration activities from the 2024 storm season. INVESTING CASH FLOWS The following table summarizes key components of Duke Energy s investing cash flows for the two most recently completed fiscal years. Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Variance Capital, investment and acquisition expenditures, net of return of investment capital $ (14,002) $ (12,263) $ (1,739) Debt and equity securities, net 117 100 17 Proceeds from the sales of Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups and other assets, net of cash divested 626 49 577 Other investing items (1,079) (1,009) (70) Net cash used in investing activities $ (14,338) $ (13,123) $ (1,215) The variance is driven by higher capital expenditures within the EU I segment, partially offset by proceeds received in the current year from the sale of the Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups. The primary use of cash related to investing activities is typically capital, investment and acquisition expenditures, net of return of investment capital. This investing activity is detailed by reportable business segment in the following table. Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Variance Electric Utilities and Infrastructure $ 12,553 $ 10,689 $ 1,864 Gas Utilities and Infrastructure 1,114 1,313 (199) Other 335 261 74 Total capital, investment and acquisition expenditures, net of return of investment capital $ 14,002 $ 12,263 $ 1,739 62 MD A LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES FINANCING CASH FLOWS The following table summarizes key components of Duke Energy s financing cash flows for the two most recently completed fiscal years. Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Variance Issuances of long-term debt, net $ 6,239 $ 5,599 $ 640 Issuances of common stock 16 405 (389) Redemption of preferred stock (1,000) 1,000 Notes payable and commercial paper (1,119) (927) (192) Dividends paid (3,300) (3,213) (87) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 47 (47) Other financing items 114 (52) 166 Net cash provided by financing activities $ 1,950 $ 859 $ 1,091 The variance was driven primarily by: a $1,000 million increase due to the prior year redemption of Series B preferred stock; a $640 million increase driven by timing of issuances of long-term debt, net of redemptions. Partially offset by: a $389 million decrease in proceeds due to lower issuances of common stock; and a $192 million decrease driven by higher net repayments of notes payable and commercial paper. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Risk Management Policies The Enterprise Risk Management policy framework at Duke Energy includes strategic, operational, project execution and financial or transaction related risks. Enterprise Risk Management includes market risk as part of the financial and transaction related risks in its framework. Duke Energy is exposed to market risks associated with commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices. Duke Energy has established comprehensive risk management policies to monitor and manage these market risks. Duke Energy s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. The Finance and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors receives periodic updates from the Chief Risk Officer and other members of management on market risk positions, corporate exposures and overall risk management activities. The Chief Risk Officer is responsible for the overall governance of managing commodity price risk, including monitoring exposure limits. The following disclosures about market risk contain forward-looking statements that involve estimates, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information for a discussion of the factors that may impact any such forward-looking statements made herein. Commodity Price Risk Price risk represents the potential risk of loss from adverse changes in the market price of electricity or other energy commodities. Duke Energy s exposure to commodity price risk is influenced by a number of factors, including the effects of regulation, commodity contract size and length, market liquidity, market conditions, location and unique or specific contract terms. Duke Energy is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the prices of electricity, coal, natural gas and other energy-related products marketed and purchased as a result of its ownership of energy-related assets. Duke Energy s exposure to these fluctuations through its regulated utility operations is limited since these operations are subject to cost-based regulation and are typically allowed to recover substantially all of these costs through various cost recovery clauses, including fuel clauses, formula-based contracts, or other cost-sharing mechanisms. While there may be a delay in timing between when these costs are incurred and when they are recovered through rates and there may be adverse impacts on the timing of cash flows as a result, changes from year to year generally do not have a material impact on operating results of these regulated operations. Duke Energy employs established policies and procedures to manage risks associated with these market fluctuations, which may include using various commodity derivatives, such as swaps, futures, forwards and options. For additional information, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Derivatives and Hedging. Generation Portfolio Risks For the EU I segment, the generation portfolio not utilized to serve retail operations or committed load is subject to commodity price fluctuations. However, the impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations is limited due to mechanisms in these regulated jurisdictions that result in the sharing of most of the net profits from these activities with retail customers. 63 MD A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Hedging Strategies Duke Energy monitors risks associated with commodity price changes on its future operations and, where appropriate, uses various commodity instruments such as electricity, coal and natural gas hedging contracts and options to mitigate the effect of such fluctuations on operations. Duke Energy s primary use of energy commodity derivatives is to hedge against exposure to the prices of power, fuel for generation and natural gas for customers. Duke Energy also manages its exposure to basis risk through the use of congestion hedge products in RTOs such as financial transmission rights (PJM and MISO), which result in payments based on differentials in locational marginal prices. The majority of instruments used to manage Duke Energy s commodity price exposure are either not designated as hedges or do not qualify for hedge accounting. These instruments are referred to as undesignated contracts. Mark-to-market changes for undesignated contracts entered into by regulated businesses are reflected as regulatory assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Duke Energy may also enter into other contracts that qualify for the NPNS exception. When a contract meets the criteria to qualify as NPNS, Duke Energy applies such exception. Income recognition and realization related to NPNS contracts generally coincide with the physical delivery of the commodity. For contracts qualifying for the NPNS exception, no recognition of the contract s fair value in the Consolidated Financial Statements is required until settlement of the contract as long as the transaction remains probable of occurring. Interest Rate Risk Duke Energy is exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of its issuance or anticipated issuance of variable and fixed-rate debt and commercial paper. Duke Energy manages interest rate exposure by limiting variable-rate exposures to a percentage of total debt and by monitoring the effects of market changes in interest rates. Duke Energy also enters into financial derivative instruments, which may include instruments such as, but not limited to, interest rate swaps, swaptions and U.S. Treasury lock agreements to manage and mitigate interest rate risk exposure. See Notes 1, 7, 15 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Debt and Credit Facilities, Derivatives and Hedging and Fair Value Measurements. Duke Energy had $6.4 billion of unhedged long- and short-term floating interest rate exposure at December 31, 2025. The impact of a 100-basis point change in interest rates on pretax income is approximately $64 million at December 31, 2025. This amount was estimated by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on variable-rate securities outstanding, adjusted for interest rate hedges as of December 31, 2025. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Duke Energy is exposed to risk resulting from changes in the foreign currency exchange rates as a result of its issuances of long-term debt denominated in a foreign currency. Duke Energy manages foreign currency exchange risk exposure by entering into cross-currency swaps, a type of financial derivative instrument, which mitigate foreign currency exchange exposure. See Notes 7, 15 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Debt and Credit Facilities, Derivatives and Hedging and Fair Value Measurements," respectively. Credit Risk Credit risk represents the loss that the Duke Energy Registrants would incur if a counterparty fails to perform under its contractual obligations. Where exposed to credit risk, the Duke Energy Registrants analyze the counterparty's financial condition prior to entering into an agreement and monitor exposure on an ongoing basis. The Duke Energy Registrants establish credit limits where appropriate in the context of contractual arrangements and monitor such limits. To reduce credit exposure, the Duke Energy Registrants seek to include netting provisions with counterparties, which permit the offset of receivables and payables with such counterparties. The Duke Energy Registrants also frequently use master agreements with credit support annexes to further mitigate certain credit exposures. The master agreements provide for a counterparty to post cash or letters of credit to the exposed party for exposure in excess of an established threshold. The threshold amount represents a negotiated unsecured credit limit for each party to the agreement, determined in accordance with the Duke Energy Registrants internal corporate credit practices and standards. Collateral agreements generally also provide that the failure to post collateral when required is sufficient cause to terminate transactions and liquidate all positions. The Duke Energy Registrants also obtain cash, letters of credit, or surety bonds from certain counterparties to provide credit support outside of collateral agreements, where appropriate, based on a financial analysis of the counterparty and the regulatory or contractual terms and conditions applicable to each transaction. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Derivatives and Hedging, for additional information regarding credit risk related to derivative instruments. The Duke Energy Registrants principal counterparties for its electric and natural gas businesses are RTOs, distribution companies, municipalities, electric cooperatives and utilities located throughout the U.S. Exposure to these entities consists primarily of amounts due to Duke Energy Registrants for delivered electricity. Additionally, there may be potential risks associated with remarketing of energy and capacity in the event of default by wholesale power customers. The Duke Energy Registrants have concentrations of receivables from certain of such entities that may affect the Duke Energy Registrants credit risk. The Duke Energy Registrants are also subject to credit risk from transactions with their suppliers that involve prepayments or milestone payments in conjunction with outsourcing arrangements, major construction projects and certain commodity purchases. The Duke Energy Registrants credit exposure to such suppliers may take the form of increased costs or project delays in the event of nonperformance. The Duke Energy Registrants' frequently require guarantees or letters of credit from suppliers to mitigate this credit risk. 64 MD A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Credit risk associated with the Duke Energy Registrants service to residential, commercial and industrial customers is generally limited to outstanding accounts receivable. The Duke Energy Registrants mitigate this credit risk by requiring tariff customers to provide a cash deposit, letter of credit or surety bond until a satisfactory payment history is established, subject to the rules and regulations in effect in each retail jurisdiction at which time the deposit is typically refunded. Charge-offs for retail customers have historically been insignificant to the operations of the Duke Energy Registrants and are typically recovered through retail rates. Management continually monitors customer charge-offs, payment patterns and the impact of current economic conditions on customers' ability to pay their outstanding balance to ensure the adequacy of bad debt reserves. The Duke Energy Registrants provide certain non-tariff services, primarily to large commercial and industrial customers in which incurred costs, including invested capital, are intended to be recovered from the individual customer and therefore are not subject to rate recovery in the event of customer default. Customer creditworthiness is assessed prior to entering into these transactions. Credit concentration related to these transactions exists for certain of these customers. Duke Energy Carolinas has third-party insurance to cover certain losses related to asbestos-related injuries and damages above an aggregate self-insured retention. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Commitments and Contingencies" for information on asbestos-related injuries and damages claims. The Duke Energy Registrants also have credit risk exposure through issuance of performance and financial guarantees, letters of credit and surety bonds on behalf of less than wholly owned entities and third parties. Where the Duke Energy Registrants have issued these guarantees, it is possible that they could be required to perform under these guarantee obligations in the event the obligor under the guarantee fails to perform. Where the Duke Energy Registrants have issued guarantees related to assets or operations that have been disposed of via sale, they attempt to secure indemnification from the buyer against all future performance obligations under the guarantees. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Guarantees and Indemnifications, for further information on guarantees issued by the Duke Energy Registrants. Duke Energy is subject to credit risk from transactions with counterparties to cross-currency swaps related to future interest and principal payments. The credit exposure to such counterparties may take the form of higher costs to meet Duke Energy's future euro-denominated interest and principal payments in the event of counterparty default. Duke Energy selects highly rated banks as counterparties and allocates the hedge for each debt issuance across multiple counterparties. The master agreements with the counterparties impose collateral requirements on the parties in certain circumstances indicative of material deterioration in a party's creditworthiness. Based on the Duke Energy Registrants policies for managing credit risk, their exposures and their credit and other reserves, the Duke Energy Registrants do not currently anticipate a materially adverse effect on their consolidated financial position or results of operations as a result of nonperformance by any counterparty. Marketable Securities Price Risk As described further in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, Duke Energy invests in debt and equity securities as part of various investment portfolios to fund certain obligations. The vast majority of investments in equity securities are within the NDTF and assets of the various pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. Pension Plan Assets Duke Energy maintains investments to facilitate funding the costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit retirement and other post-retirement benefit plans. These investments are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets and changes in interest rates. The equity securities held in these pension plans are diversified to achieve broad market participation and reduce the impact of any single investment, sector or geographic region. Duke Energy has established asset allocation targets for its pension plan holdings, which take into consideration the investment objectives and the risk profile with respect to the trust in which the assets are held. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Employee Benefit Plans, for additional information regarding investment strategy of pension plan assets. A significant decline in the value of plan asset holdings could require Duke Energy to increase funding of its pension plans in future periods, which could adversely affect cash flows in those periods. Additionally, a decline in the fair value of plan assets, absent additional cash contributions to the plan, could increase the amount of pension cost required to be recorded in future periods, which could adversely affect Duke Energy s results of operations in those periods. Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Funds As required by the NRC, NCUC, PSCSC and FPSC, subsidiaries of Duke Energy maintain trust funds to fund the costs of nuclear decommissioning. As of December 31, 2025, these funds were invested primarily in domestic and international equity securities, debt securities, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. Per the NRC, Internal Revenue Code, NCUC, PSCSC and FPSC requirements, these funds may be used only for activities related to nuclear decommissioning. These investments are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets and changes in interest rates. Duke Energy actively monitors its portfolios by benchmarking the performance of its investments against certain indices and by maintaining, and periodically reviewing, target allocation percentages for various asset classes. Accounting for nuclear decommissioning recognizes that costs are recovered through retail and wholesale rates; therefore, fluctuations in investment prices do not materially affect the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as changes in the fair value of these investments are primarily deferred as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities pursuant to Orders by the NCUC, PSCSC, FPSC and FERC. Earnings or losses of the funds will ultimately impact the amount of costs recovered through retail and wholesale rates. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Asset Retirement Obligations, for additional information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, for additional information regarding NDTF assets. 65 MD A OTHER MATTERS OTHER MATTERS Environmental Regulations The Duke Energy Registrants are subject to federal, state and local regulations regarding air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal, coal ash and other environmental matters. These regulations can be changed from time to time and result in new obligations of the Duke Energy Registrants. The following sections outline various proposed and recently enacted legislation and regulations that may impact the Duke Energy Registrants. Refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Regulatory Matters," for further information regarding potential plant retirements and regulatory filings related to the Duke Energy Registrants. GHG Standards and Guidelines In April 2024, the EPA issued final rules under section 111 of the Clean Air Act (EPA Rule 111) regulating GHG emissions from existing coal-fired and new natural gas-fired power plants, referred to as electric generating units (EGUs). EPA Rule 111 requires existing coal-fired power plants expected to operate in 2039 and beyond to reduce GHG emissions by 90% through the use of carbon capture and sequestration starting in 2032, subject to certain modifications for coal plants that retire sooner or co-fire natural gas. EPA Rule 111 also establishes GHG emissions reduction standards for new natural gas-fired EGUs, subject to carve-outs for certain smaller peaking units. The EPA did not finalize emission guidelines for GHG emissions from existing gas-fired stationary combustion turbines and signaled, before the 2024 election, that it intended to address these in a future rulemaking. Compliance with EPA Rule 111 as issued would have a material impact on the timing, nature and magnitude of future generation investments in our service territories. Duke Energy is participating in legal challenges to EPA Rule 111 as a member of Electric Generators for a Sensible Transition, a coalition of similarly affected utilities, and as a member of a utility trade group. The litigation is currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (the Court). On February 5, 2025, the EPA requested the Court to withhold issuing an opinion and place the case in a 60-day abeyance to allow time for new EPA leadership to review the issues and EPA Rule 111 and determine how they wish to proceed. On February 19, 2025, the Court granted EPA s request. On April 21, 2025, the EPA filed a motion with the Court requesting a continuing abeyance while it conducts a new notice-and-comment rulemaking to reconsider the challenged EPA Rule 111. As part of this request, the EPA indicated it intended to issue a final rule by December 2025. On April 25, 2025, the Court granted the EPA s motion and ordered that the litigation continue to remain in abeyance pending further order of the Court. On June 17, 2025, the EPA published a proposed rule to repeal EPA Rule 111 based on a finding that fossil fuel-fired power plants do not contribute significantly to dangerous air pollution under the meaning of section 111 of the Clean Air Act. The EPA also published an alternative proposal to repeal a narrower set of requirements leaving in place only GHG emission standards for new and reconstructed stationary combustion turbine electric generating units. Comments on the proposed rule were due by August 7, 2025. The Duke Energy Registrants will continue to monitor the rule as issued and actions of the court and will evaluate the impacts of any final rule or EPA actions once available. Coal Combustion Residuals In April 2015, the EPA published the 2015 CCR Rule to regulate the disposal of CCR from electric utilities as solid waste. The federal regulation classifies CCR as nonhazardous waste and allows for beneficial use of CCR with some restrictions. The regulation applies to all new and existing landfills, new and existing surface impoundments receiving CCR and existing surface impoundments located at stations generating electricity (regardless of fuel source), which were no longer receiving CCR but contained liquids as of the effective date of the rule. The rule established requirements regarding design and operating criteria, groundwater monitoring and corrective action, closure requirements and post-closure care, and recordkeeping, notifications, and internet posting requirements to ensure the safe disposal and management of CCR. In April 2024, the EPA issued the 2024 CCR Rule which significantly expands the scope of the 2015 CCR Rule by establishing regulatory requirements for inactive surface impoundments at retired generating facilities (Legacy CCR Surface Impoundments). The final rule also imposes a subset of the 2015 CCR Rule s requirements, including groundwater monitoring, corrective action (where necessary), and in certain cases, closure, and post-closure care requirements, on previously unregulated coal ash sources at regulated facilities (CCR Management Units). CCR Management Units may include surface impoundments and landfills that closed prior to the effectiv e date of the 2015 CCR Rule, inactive CCR landfills, and other areas where CCR is managed directly on the land at Duke Energy facilitie s. Duke Energy, as part of a group of similarly affected electric utilities, filed a petition to challenge the 2024 CCR Rule in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (the Court) on August 6, 2024. On February 13, 2025, the EPA requested the Court to withhold issuing an opinion and place the case in a 120-day abeyance to allow time for new EPA leadership to review the issues and the 2024 CCR Rule and determine how they wish to proceed. On that same day, the Court granted EPA s motion to hold the case in abeyance pending further order of the Court. On June 13, 2025, the EPA requested, and the Court granted, a 60-day extension of the abeyance to give the agency time to decide the full scope of reconsideration. On August 11, 2025, the EPA filed a motion to govern further proceedings in the legacy CCR surface impoundments rule litigation, and on August 13, 2025, the Court granted an abeyance in the case until December 15, 2025. On December 15, 2025, the EPA filed a motion with the Court requesting a continuing abeyance while it reconsiders certain aspects of the 2024 CCR Rule for both Legacy CCR Surface Impoundments and CCR Management Units. On December 16, 2025, the Court granted the EPA s motion and ordered that the litigation continue to remain in abeyance pending further order of the Court. Based on the EPA's motions to date, a proposed rule for notice and comment is anticipated in the first quarter of 2026 with final EPA action expected by October 2026. The Duke Energy Registrants will continue to monitor the rule as issued and actions of the court and will evaluate the impacts of any final rule or EPA actions once available. In addition to the requirements of the federal CCR rules, CCR landfills and surface impoundments will continue to be regulated by the states. Cost recovery for future expenditures will be pursued through the normal ratemaking process with federal and state utility commissions and via wholesale contracts, which permit recovery of reasonable and prudently incurred costs associated with Duke Energy s regulated operations. For more information, see Notes 4 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Regulatory Matters" and "Asset Retirement Obligations," respectively. 66 MD A OTHER MATTERS Coal Ash Act AROs recorded on the Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, include the legal obligation for closure of coal ash basins and the disposal of related ash as a result of the Coal Ash Act, the federal CCR rules and other agreements. The Coal Ash Act includes a variance procedure for compliance deadlines and other issues surrounding the management of CCR and CCR surface impoundments and prohibits cost recovery in customer rates for unlawful discharge of ash impoundment waters occurring after January 1, 2014. The Coal Ash Act leaves the decision on cost recovery determinations related to closure of ash impoundments to the normal ratemaking processes before utility regulatory commissions. On December 31, 2019, Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress entered into a settlement agreement with NCDEQ and certain community groups under which Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress agreed to excavate six of the nine remaining coal ash basins with ash moved to on-site lined landfills, including two at Allen, one at Mayo, one at Roxboro, and two at Rogers. At the three remaining basins at Belews Creek, Marshall and Roxboro, uncapped basin ash will be excavated and moved to lined landfills. Those portions of the basins at Belews Creek, Marshall and Roxboro, which were previously filled with ash and on which permitted facilities were constructed, will be addressed as required under the 2024 CCR Rule and state regulations. The estimated total cost to permanently close all coal ash basins in North Carolina and South Carolina is estimated to be approximately $8 billion to $9 billion of which approximately $4.8 billion has been spent through 2025. The majority of the remaining spend is primarily expected to occur over the next 10 years. Du ke Energy has completed excavation of all coal ash at the Riverbend, Dan River, Asheville, Sutton and Robinson plants. For further information on coal ash basins and recovery, see Notes 4 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Regulatory Matters" and Asset Retirement Obligations, respectively. Other Environmental Regulations The Duke Energy Registrants are also subject to various federal, state and local laws regarding air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal and other environmental matters. Duke Energy continues to comply with enacted environmental statutes and regulations even as certain of these regulations are in various stages of clarification, revision or legal challenge. The Duke Energy Registrants cannot predict the outcome of these matters. Global Climate Change and Regulation of GHG Emissions On January 20, 2025, the new presidential administration signed an executive order directing the United States to again withdraw from the Paris Agreement and signed a letter to the United Nations notifying the world body of the planned withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. The withdrawal from the Paris Agre ement became official one year after the submission of the letter. On January 7, 2026, a presidential memorandum was issued directing all executive departments and agencies to take immediate steps to effectively withdraw the United States from organizations including the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. In 2021, the previous presidential administration had recommitted to the Paris Agreement and announced a target of 50% to 52% reduction in economywide net GHG emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. The U.S. submittal to support this Paris target included a goal for 100% carbon-free electricity by 2035. These actions were supplemented by a number of executive orders and a number of proposed and final rules from federal regulatory agencies, including the EPA, that would have imposed additional regulations on CO 2 and methane emissions, which could impact Duke Energy. The current administration has proposed or moved to propose repeal of almost all the proposed and final rules regarding climate change issued by the previous administration. The Duke Energy Registrants are monitoring these matters and any potential changes in commitments, regulations or additional executive actions as a result of the new presidential administration and cannot predict the outcome, however, there could be a material impact on our energy modernization. EU I CO 2 Emissions Reductions The Duke Energy Registrants direct GHG emissions consist primarily of CO 2 that results primarily from operating a fleet of coal-fired and natural gas-fired power plants to serve its customers reliably while keeping costs as low as possible for our customers. Duke Energy is targeting net-zero carbon emissions from electricity generation by 2050. The Duke Energy Registrants have taken actions that have resulted in a reduction of CO 2 emissions over time . Between 2005 and 2025, the Duke Energy Registrants have collectively lowered the CO 2 emissions from their electricity generation by 43%. Tim elines and initiatives, as well as implementation of new technologies, for future GHG emission reductions will vary in each state in which the Company operates and will involve collaboration with regulators, customers and other stakeholders. Duke Energy's actions taken to reduce CO 2 emissions potentially lower the exposure to any future mandatory CO 2 emission reduction requirements, whether as a result of federal legislation, EPA regulation, state regulation or other as yet unknown emission reduction requirements. Actions to reduce CO 2 emissions have included the retirement of 58 coal-fired electric generating units with a combined generating capacity of over 8,000 MW, whil e investing in renewables and energy storage and state-of-the-art highly efficient natural gas-fired generation that produces far fewer CO 2 emissions per unit of electricity generated than coal. Duke Energy also has made investments to increase EE offerings and ensure continued operations of its zero-CO 2 emissions hydropower and nuclear plants. These efforts have diversified our electric generating system and significantly reduced CO 2 emissions. 67 MD A OTHER MATTERS Duke Energy will continue to explore the use of currently available and commercially demonstrated technology, as well as developing technologies, to meet growing customer demand reliably and while keeping costs as low as possible for our customers and reducing CO 2 emissions to comply with any future regulations. These technologies include efficient new natural gas power plants, EE, wind, solar and storage, as well as evolving technologies like carbon capture, utilization and storage, the use of hydrogen and other low-carbon fuels, long-duration energy storage and advanced nuclear. Duke Energy plans to adjust to and incorporate these evolving and innovative technologies in a way that balances the reliability of energy while meeting regulatory requirements and keeping costs as low as possible for our customers. Under any future scenario involving mandatory CO 2 limitations, the Duke Energy Registrants would plan to seek recovery of their compliance costs through appropriate regulatory mechanisms. Future levels of CO 2 emissions by the Duke Energy Registrants will be influenced by variables that include customer growth and capacity needs in the jurisdictions in which they operate, public policy, tax incentives, economic conditions that affect electricity demand, weather conditions, fuel prices, market prices, availability of resources and labor, compliance with new or existing regulations, the ability to make enhancements to transmission and distribution systems to support increased deployment of renewables and behind-the-meter technologies and the existence of new technologies that can be deployed to generate the electricity necessary to meet customer demand. Currently, the Duke Energy Registrants do not purchase carbon credits or offsets for use in connection with the Company's path to net-zero CO 2 emissions. Though they may purchase carbon credits or offsets for such uses in the future, the amount or cost of which is not expected to be material at this time. Generation Portfolio Planning Process The Duke Energy Registrants annually, biennially or triennially prepare lengthy, forward-looking IRPs. These detailed, highly technical plans are based on the Company s thorough analysis of numerous factors that can impact the demand for electricity as well as the cost of producing and delivering electricity that influence long-term generation resource planning decisions. The IRP process helps to evaluate a range of options, taking into account stakeholder input as well as forecasts of future electricity demand, fuel prices, transmission improvements, new generating capacity, integration of renewables, energy storage, EE and demand response initiatives. The IRP process also helps evaluate potential environmental and regulatory scenarios to better mitigate policy and economic risks. The IRPs we file with regulators look out 10 to 20 years depending on the jurisdiction. State Legislation HB951 In 2021, the state of North Carolina passed HB951, which among other things, directed the NCUC to develop and approve a carbon reduction plan that would target a 70% reduction in CO 2 emissions from Duke Energy Progress' and Duke Energy Carolinas' electric generation in the state by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, considering all resource options and the latest technology. In December 2022, the NCUC issued an order adopting the first Carbon Plan as directed by HB951 with the Carbon Plan to be updated every two years thereafter. North Carolina Power Bill Reduction Act On July 29, 2025, the North Carolina Power Bill Reduction Act (SB266), was passed into law which retained HB951's 2050 carbon neutrality goal but eliminated the state's interim 2030 carbon reduction target and implemented other actions designed to reduce electricity costs for customers including enhanced cost recovery mechanisms for baseload generation by establishing an annual CWIP recovery for baseload generation and refining the generation construction monitoring process. SB266 also provides more timely recovery of fuel costs, allows for the recovery of CTs in MYRP proceedings and authorizes the prudent continued use of securitization for certain costs and investments serving North Carolina retail electric customers, including increasing the eligible securitization amounts for sub-critical coal assets up to 100% of their respective net book value upon retirement. South Carolina Energy Security Act Act 41, also referred to as the South Carolina Energy Security Act, was signed into law on May 12, 2025. The law promotes evaluating new generation resources, including hydro pumped storage, hydrogen-capable natural gas, and advanced nuclear, while streamlining siting, permitting and construction of certain new resources located in South Carolina. Act 41 establishes a new process for evaluating new potential generation projects over 75 MW located in North Carolina that are planned to serve South Carolina retail customers. This legislation also establishes an electric rate stabilization mechanism for electric utilities to elect into a framework that provides for annual adjustments to base rates, including for CWIP and other cost categories. Electric utilities electing the mechanism must file a general rate case at least every five years. Integrated Resource Plans In August 2023, Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress filed their 2023 systemwide Carolinas Resource Plan (the 2023 Plan) with the NCUC and PSCS C. In January 2024, d ue to substantially increased load forecast resulting from increased economic development in the Carolinas occurring since the 2023 Plan was prepared, the companies filed supplemental modeling and analysis with the NCUC and PSCSC demonstrating the need for additional resources beyond the initial set of resources identified in their initial plan. The NCUC issued an order in November 2024 emphasizing the critical importance of reliability and maintaining low costs, while taking balanced actions to meet forecasted load growth. In November 2024, the PSCSC issued an order approving the 2023 Plan. In November 2024, Duke Energy Indiana submitted its updated IRP, which balances reliability and maintaining low costs while meeting customer and economic development growth. On October 1, 2025, Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress filed their systemwide 2025 Carolinas Resource Plan (the 2025 Plan) with the NCUC that builds upon the approved dual-state 2023 Plan. The 2025 Plan seeks to maximize the value of existing resources, enhance grid flexibility and add new supply-side resources to reliably meet growing energy demands in the most reasonable and cost-effective manner in a period of unprecedented load growth. The evidentiary hearing has been scheduled for June 2026 and an order from the NCUC is expected to be issued by December 31, 2026. Information related to the updated systemwide plan was filed with the PSCSC on November 25, 2025, and an order from the PSCSC is expected to be issued in April 2026. 68 MD A OTHER MATTERS The 2025 Plan seeks to maximize benefits from the existing nuclear fleet, including power uprate projects and the pursuit of subsequent license renewals for existing nuclear units, as well as the continued evaluation of potential new advanced nuclear resources to meet growing demand. On December 30, 2025, Duke Energy submitted an early site permit (ESP) application to the NRC for a site near Duke Energy Carolinas' Belews Creek Steam Station (Belews Creek). The ESP is technology neutral and provides future optionality, allowing Duke Energy to receive the permit and select a technology later in the development process. Any decision on advanced nuclear, including technology, will be made in the future after evaluating, among other things, financial and technical risk factors. The NRC's review and approval process is anticipated to take approximately 18 months. If the permit is received, it will remain valid for 20 years and may be renewed for up to 20 more years. GU I CO 2 and Methane Emissions Reductions In addition to CO 2 emissions resulting primarily from our operations of coal-fired and natural gas-fired power plants, the Duke Energy Registrants are also responsible for certain methane emissions from the distribution of natural gas to customers. The Duke Energy Registrants have taken actions that have resulted in methane emission reductions, including the replacement of cast iron and bare steel pipelines and associated services with plastic or coated steel, advanced methane leak detection efforts, reducing time to repair nonhazardous leaks and operational releases of methane, and investment in renewable natural gas. Timelines and initiatives, as well as implementation of new technologies, for future reductions of methane emissions will vary in each state in which the Company s natural gas distribution business operates and will involve collaboration with regulators, customers and other stakeholders. Certain local governments, none within the jurisdictions in which the Duke Energy Registrants operate, have enacted or are considering initiatives to eliminate natural gas use in new buildings and focus on electrification. Enactment of similar regulations in the areas in which the Duke Energy Registrants' natural gas distribution operates could have a significant impact on the natural gas distribution business and its operations. At this time, such impacts are not able to be quantified; however, our methane emission reduction efforts for the natural gas distribution business potentially lowers the exposure to any future mandatory GHG emission reduction requirements. The Duke Energy Registrants would plan to seek recovery of their compliance costs with any new regulations through the regulatory process. Physical Impacts of Climate Change The Duke Energy Registrants recognize that scientists associate severe weather events with increasing levels of GHGs in the atmosphere. It is possible that these weather events could have a material impact on future results of operations should they occur more frequently and with greater severity. However, the uncertain nature of potential changes in extreme weather events (such as increased frequency, duration and severity), the long period of time over which any potential changes might take place and the inability to predict potential changes with any degree of accuracy, make estimating with any certainty any potential future financial risk to the Duke Energy Registrants operations difficult. Additionally, the Duke Energy Registrants would plan to continue to seek recovery of storm costs through the appropriate regulatory mechanisms. For more information on storm securitization and storm cost recovery, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Regulatory Matters." The Duke Energy Registrants routinely take steps to assess and reduce the potential impact of severe weather events on their electric transmission and distribution systems and natural gas facilities. The steps include modernizing the electric grid through smart meters, storm hardening, self-healing systems, targeted undergrounding and applying lessons learned from previous storms to restoration efforts. The Duke Energy Registrants electric generating facilities and natural gas facilities are designed to withstand extreme weather events without significant damage. The Duke Energy Registrants maintain inventories of coal, oil and liquified natural gas to mitigate the effects of any potential short-term disruption in fuel supply so they can continue to provide customers with an uninterrupted supply of electricity and/or natural gas. New Accounting Standards See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for a discussion of the impact of any new accounting standards adopted by the Duke Energy Registrants. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 69 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Duke Energy Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 72 Consolidated Statements of Operations 74 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 75 Consolidated Balance Sheets 76 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 77 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 78 Duke Energy Carolinas Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 79 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 81 Consolidated Balance Sheets 82 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 83 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 84 Progress Energy Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 85 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 87 Consolidated Balance Sheets 88 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 89 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 90 Duke Energy Progress Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 91 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 93 Consolidated Balance Sheets 94 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 95 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 96 Duke Energy Florida Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 97 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 99 Consolidated Balance Sheets 100 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 101 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 102 Duke Energy Ohio Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 103 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 105 Consolidated Balance Sheets 106 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 107 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 108 Duke Energy Indiana Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 109 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 111 Consolidated Balance Sheets 112 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 113 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 114 Piedmont Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 115 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 117 Consolidated Balance Sheets 118 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 119 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 120 70 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 121 Note 2 Dispositions 128 Note 3 Business Segments 131 Note 4 Regulatory Matters 143 Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies 161 Note 6 Leases 165 Note 7 Debt and Credit Facilities 169 Note 8 Guarantees and Indemnifications 176 Note 9 Joint Ownership of Generating and Transmission Facilities 176 Note 10 Asset Retirement Obligations 176 Note 11 Property, Plant and Equipment 180 Note 12 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 181 Note 13 Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 182 Note 14 Related Party Transactions 184 Note 15 Derivatives and Hedging 185 Note 16 Investments in Debt and Equity Securities 191 Note 17 Fair Value Measurements 196 Note 18 Variable Interest Entities 201 Note 19 Revenue 204 Note 20 Stockholders' Equity 209 Note 21 Severance 210 Note 22 Stock-Based Compensation 211 Note 23 Employee Benefit Plans 213 Note 24 Income Taxes 225 Note 25 Other Income and Expenses, Net 232 71 REPORTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Duke Energy Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Duke Energy Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company ) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 26, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Matters Impact of Rate Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements. Critical Audit Matter Description The Company is subject to regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies (the Commissions ), which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of the Company s electric and natural gas distribution companies. Management has determined it meets the criteria for the application of regulated operations accounting in preparing its financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Judgment can be required to determine if otherwise recognizable incurred costs qualify to be presented as a regulatory asset and deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. We identified the impact of rate regulation related to regulatory assets as a critical audit matter due to the judgments made by management, including assumptions regarding the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions to support its assertions on the likelihood of future recovery for deferred costs. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the ratemaking process due to its inherent complexities as it relates to regulatory assets. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the recovery of regulatory assets included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of the recovery in future rates and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates. We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the Commissions and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates. We also evaluated the external information and compared it to management s recorded balances for completeness. For regulatory matters in process, we inspected the Company s and intervenors filings with the Commissions that may impact the Company s future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the recoverability of regulatory asset balances by performing the following to inform our understanding of the composition of the balances: 72 REPORTS We inquired of management regarding changes in the regulatory environment (i.e., recently approved orders) and regulatory asset balances during the year. We evaluated the reasonableness of such changes based on our knowledge of commission-approved amortization, incurred costs, and recently approved regulatory orders, as applicable. We utilized trend analyses to evaluate the historical consistency of regulatory asset balances. We obtained representation from management asserting that regulatory assets recorded in the financial statements are probable of recovery. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Charlotte, North Carolina February 26, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1947. 73 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenues Regulated electric $ 29,060 $ 27,787 $ 26,617 Regulated natural gas 2,870 2,252 2,152 Nonregulated electric and other 307 318 291 Total operating revenues 32,237 30,357 29,060 Operating Expenses Fuel used in electric generation and purchased power 8,058 9,206 9,086 Cost of natural gas 983 565 593 Operation, maintenance and other 6,698 5,389 5,625 Depreciation and amortization 6,324 5,793 5,253 Property and other taxes 1,597 1,466 1,400 Impairment of assets and other charges ( 4 ) 38 85 Total operating expenses 23,656 22,457 22,042 Gains on Sales of Other Assets and Other, net 45 26 52 Operating Income 8,626 7,926 7,070 Other Income and Expenses Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates 51 ( 9 ) 113 Other income and expenses, net 669 661 598 Total other income and expenses 720 652 711 Interest Expense 3,634 3,384 3,014 Income From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 5,712 5,194 4,767 Income Tax Expense From Continuing Operations 642 590 438 Income From Continuing Operations 5,070 4,604 4,329 Income (Loss) From Discontinued Operations, net of tax 1 10 ( 1,455 ) Net Income 5,071 4,614 2,874 Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 103 90 33 Net Income Attributable to Duke Energy Corporation 4,968 4,524 2,841 Less: Preferred Dividends 56 106 106 Less: Preferred Redemption Costs 16 Net Income Available to Duke Energy Corporation Common Stockholders $ 4,912 $ 4,402 $ 2,735 Earnings Per Share Basic and Diluted Income from continuing operations available to Duke Energy Corporation common stockholders Basic and Diluted $ 6.31 $ 5.70 $ 5.35 Income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to Duke Energy Corporation common stockholders Basic and Diluted $ $ 0.01 $ ( 1.81 ) Net income available to Duke Energy Corporation common stockholders Basic and Diluted $ 6.31 $ 5.71 $ 3.54 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and Diluted 777 772 771 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 74 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net Income $ 5,071 $ 4,614 $ 2,874 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax (a) Pension and OPEB adjustments 13 8 ( 1 ) Net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges ( 6 ) 209 63 Reclassification into earnings from cash flow hedges 8 ( 5 ) 27 Net unrealized (losses) gains on fair value hedges ( 50 ) 24 37 Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities 5 ( 2 ) 8 Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, net of tax ( 30 ) 234 134 Comprehensive Income 5,041 4,848 3,008 Less: Comprehensive Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 103 90 33 Comprehensive Income Attributable to Duke Energy Corporation 4,938 4,758 2,975 Less: Preferred Dividends 56 106 106 Less: Preferred Redemption Costs 16 Comprehensive Income Available to Duke Energy Corporation Common Stockholders $ 4,882 $ 4,636 $ 2,869 (a) Net of income tax benefit of app roximately $ 9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, and net of income tax expense of approximately $ 70 million and $ 40 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 75 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 245 $ 314 Receivables (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 194 at 2025 and $ 122 at 2024) 4,214 2,170 Receivables of VIEs (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 85 at 2024) 16 1,889 Receivable from sales of Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups 551 Inventory (includes $ 669 at 2025 and $ 494 at 2024 related to VIEs) 4,569 4,496 Regulatory assets (includes $ 204 at 2025 and $ 120 at 2024 related to VIEs) 1,934 2,739 Assets held for sale 109 96 Other (includes $ 88 at 2025 and $ 90 at 2024 related to VIEs) 526 695 Total current assets 11,613 12,950 Property, Plant and Equipment Cost 190,409 178,737 Accumulated depreciation and amortization ( 60,450 ) ( 57,111 ) Net property, plant and equipment 129,959 121,626 Other Noncurrent Assets Goodwill 19,010 19,010 Regulatory assets (includes $ 3,108 at 2025 and $ 1,705 at 2024 related to VIEs) 14,379 14,220 Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 12,889 11,434 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 1,241 1,148 Investments in equity method unconsolidated affiliates 330 353 Assets held for sale 2,148 2,095 Other 4,167 3,507 Total other noncurrent assets 54,164 51,767 Total Assets $ 195,736 $ 186,343 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable (includes $ 296 at 2025 and $ 214 at 2024 related to VIEs) $ 5,223 $ 5,436 Notes payable and commercial paper 2,624 3,584 Taxes accrued 975 851 Interest accrued 922 854 Current maturities of long-term debt (includes $ 118 at 2025 and $ 1,012 at 2024 related to VIEs) 7,104 4,349 Asset retirement obligations 579 650 Regulatory liabilities 1,271 1,421 Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 84 132 Other 2,265 2,080 Total current liabilities 21,047 19,357 Long-Term Debt (includes $ 3,308 at 2025 and $ 1,842 at 2024 related to VIEs) 80,108 76,340 Other Noncurrent Liabilities Deferred income taxes 12,377 11,424 Asset retirement obligations 9,046 9,338 Regulatory liabilities 15,682 14,521 Operating lease liabilities 1,033 957 Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefit costs 396 434 Investment tax credits 969 894 Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 170 271 Other (includes $ 27 at 2024 related to VIEs) 1,889 1,551 Total other noncurrent liabilities 41,562 39,390 Commitments and Contingencies Equity Preferred stock, Series A, $ 0.001 par value, 40 million depositary shares authorized and outstanding at 2025 and 2024 973 973 Common stock, $ 0.001 par value, 2 billion shares authorized; 778 million and 776 million shares outstanding at 2025 and 2024 1 1 Additional paid-in capital 45,614 45,494 Retained earnings 5,056 3,431 Accumulated other comprehensive income 198 228 Total Duke Energy Corporation stockholders' equity 51,842 50,127 Noncontrolling interests 1,177 1,129 Total equity 53,019 51,256 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 195,736 $ 186,343 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 76 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income $ 5,071 $ 4,614 $ 2,874 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion (including amortization of nuclear fuel) 7,704 6,419 6,084 Equity in (earnings) losses of unconsolidated affiliates ( 51 ) 9 ( 98 ) Equity component of AFUDC ( 328 ) ( 233 ) ( 198 ) Losses on sales of Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups 4 14 1,725 Gains on sales of other assets ( 45 ) ( 26 ) ( 52 ) Impairment of assets and other charges ( 4 ) 38 85 Deferred income taxes 1,204 987 3 Contributions to qualified pension plans ( 100 ) ( 100 ) ( 100 ) Payments for asset retirement obligations ( 509 ) ( 545 ) ( 632 ) (Increase) decrease in Net realized and unrealized mark-to-market and hedging transactions ( 103 ) ( 18 ) Receivables ( 187 ) ( 23 ) 443 Inventory ( 63 ) ( 212 ) ( 706 ) Other current assets 6 885 ( 267 ) Increase (decrease) in Accounts payable ( 821 ) 1,329 ( 800 ) Taxes accrued 127 32 126 Other current liabilities 52 ( 55 ) ( 80 ) Other assets ( 265 ) ( 1,170 ) 914 Other liabilities 535 468 575 Net cash provided by operating activities 12,330 12,328 9,878 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ( 14,024 ) ( 12,280 ) ( 12,604 ) Contributions to equity method investments ( 8 ) ( 34 ) Return of investment capital 22 25 16 Purchases of debt and equity securities ( 8,888 ) ( 5,703 ) ( 3,761 ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of debt and equity securities 9,005 5,803 3,824 Proceeds from the sales of other assets 67 49 149 Proceeds from the sales of Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups, net of cash divested 559 734 Other ( 1,079 ) ( 1,009 ) ( 799 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 14,338 ) ( 13,123 ) ( 12,475 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from the: Issuance of long-term debt 11,891 8,956 10,028 Issuance of common stock 16 405 8 Redemption of preferred stock ( 1,000 ) Payments for the redemption of long-term debt ( 5,652 ) ( 3,357 ) ( 4,737 ) Proceeds from the issuance of short-term debt with original maturities greater than 90 days 124 557 610 Payments for the redemption of short-term debt with original maturities greater than 90 days ( 5 ) ( 1,096 ) ( 125 ) Notes payable and commercial paper ( 1,238 ) ( 388 ) ( 343 ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 47 278 Dividends paid ( 3,300 ) ( 3,213 ) ( 3,244 ) Other 114 ( 52 ) ( 124 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 1,950 859 2,351 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ( 58 ) 64 ( 246 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 421 357 603 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 363 $ 421 $ 357 Supplemental Disclosures: Cash paid for interest, net of amount capitalized $ 3,590 $ 3,284 $ 2,883 Cash (received from) paid for income taxes, net (includes transferable tax credit sale proceeds of $ 723 , $ 558 and $ 28 for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively) ( 625 ) ( 400 ) 1 Significant non-cash transactions: Accrued capital expenditures 2,674 1,909 1,908 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 77 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Duke Energy Corporation Stockholders' Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net Gains Net Unrealized Total Duke Common Additional (Losses) Gains (Losses) Pension Energy Corp. Preferred Stock Common Paid-in Retained on on AFS and OPEB Stockholders' Total (in millions) Stock Shares Stock Capital Earnings Hedges (b) Securities Adjustments Equity NCI Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 1,962 770 $ 1 $ 44,862 $ 2,637 $ ( 29 ) $ ( 23 ) $ ( 88 ) $ 49,322 $ 2,531 $ 51,853 Net income (c) 2,735 2,735 33 2,768 Other comprehensive income (loss) 127 8 ( 1 ) 134 134 Common stock issuances, including dividend reinvestment and employee benefits 1 78 78 78 Common stock dividends ( 3,138 ) ( 3,138 ) ( 3,138 ) Sale of NCI ( 13 ) ( 13 ) 10 ( 3 ) Contribution from NCI, net of transaction costs (a) 278 278 Distributions to NCI in subsidiaries ( 59 ) ( 59 ) Sale of Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups ( 1,722 ) ( 1,722 ) Other ( 7 ) 1 ( 6 ) 4 ( 2 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 1,962 771 $ 1 $ 44,920 $ 2,235 $ 98 $ ( 15 ) $ ( 89 ) $ 49,112 $ 1,075 $ 50,187 Net income (c) 4,402 4,402 90 4,492 Other comprehensive income (loss) 228 ( 2 ) 8 234 234 Common stock issuances, including dividend reinvestment and employee benefits 5 574 574 574 Preferred stock, Series B, redemption ( 989 ) ( 989 ) ( 989 ) Common stock dividends ( 3,204 ) ( 3,204 ) ( 3,204 ) Contribution from NCI 47 47 Distributions to NCI in subsidiaries ( 32 ) ( 32 ) Sale of Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups ( 51 ) ( 51 ) Other ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 973 776 $ 1 $ 45,494 $ 3,431 $ 326 $ ( 17 ) $ ( 81 ) $ 50,127 $ 1,129 $ 51,256 Net income (c) 4,912 4,912 103 5,015 Other comprehensive (loss) income ( 48 ) 5 13 ( 30 ) ( 30 ) Common stock issuances, including dividend reinvestment and employee benefits 2 120 120 120 Common stock dividends ( 3,290 ) ( 3,290 ) ( 3,290 ) Distributions to NCI in subsidiaries ( 31 ) ( 31 ) Sale of Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups ( 18 ) ( 18 ) Other 3 3 ( 6 ) ( 3 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 $ 973 778 $ 1 $ 45,614 $ 5,056 $ 278 $ ( 12 ) $ ( 68 ) $ 51,842 $ 1,177 $ 53,019 (a) Relates to tax equity financing activity in the Commercial Renewables Disposal Groups. (b) See Duke Energy Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for detailed activity related to Cash Flow and Fair Value Hedges. (c) Net income available to Duke Energy Corporation Common Stockholders reflects preferred dividends and, for 2024, the $ 16 million preferred redemption costs. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 78 REPORTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholder and the Board of Directors of Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Matters Impact of Rate Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements. Critical Audit Matter Description The Company is subject to rate regulation by the North Carolina Utilities Commission and by the South Carolina Public Service Commission (collectively the Commissions ), which have jurisdiction with respect to the electric rates of the Company. Management has determined it meets the criteria for the application of regulated operations accounting in preparing its financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Judgment can be required to determine if otherwise recognizable incurred costs qualify to be presented as a regulatory asset and deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. We identified the impact of rate regulation related to regulatory assets as a critical audit matter due to the judgments made by management, including assumptions regarding the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions to support its assertions on the likelihood of future recovery for deferred costs. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the ratemaking process due to its inherent complexities as it relates to regulatory assets. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the recovery of regulatory assets included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of the recovery in future rates and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates. We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the Commissions and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates. We also evaluated the external information and compared it to management s recorded balances for completeness. For regulatory matters in process, we inspected the Company s and intervenors filings with the Commissions that may impact the Company s future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the recoverability of regulatory asset balances by performing the following to inform our understanding of the composition of the balances: 79 REPORTS We inquired of management regarding changes in the regulatory environment (i.e., recently approved orders) and regulatory asset balances during the year. We evaluated the reasonableness of such changes based on our knowledge of commission-approved amortization, incurred costs, and recently approved regulatory orders, as applicable. We utilized trend analyses to evaluate the historical consistency of regulatory asset balances. We obtained representation from management asserting that regulatory assets recorded in the financial statements are probable of recovery. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Charlotte, North Carolina February 26, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1947. 80 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenues $ 9,713 $ 9,718 $ 8,288 Operating Expenses Fuel used in electric generation and purchased power 2,649 3,251 2,524 Operation, maintenance and other 2,002 1,740 1,774 Depreciation and amortization 1,903 1,768 1,593 Property and other taxes 349 346 320 Impairment of assets and other charges ( 11 ) 31 44 Total operating expenses 6,892 7,136 6,255 Gains on Sales of Other Assets and Other, net 6 2 26 Operating Income 2,827 2,584 2,059 Other Income and Expenses, net 258 247 238 Interest Expense 783 722 686 Income Before Income Taxes 2,302 2,109 1,611 Income Tax Expense 194 226 141 Net Income $ 2,108 $ 1,883 $ 1,470 Other Comprehensive Income, net of tax Net gains on cash flow hedges 1 Comprehensive Income $ 2,109 $ 1,883 $ 1,470 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 81 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 3 $ 6 Receivables (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 55 at 2025 and $ 18 at 2024) 1,343 266 Receivables of VIEs (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 51 at 2024) 4 1,054 Receivables from affiliated companies 331 157 Notes receivable from affiliated companies 69 65 Inventory 1,530 1,536 Regulatory assets (includes $ 72 at 2025 and $ 12 at 2024 related to VIEs) 730 685 Other (includes $ 12 at 2025 and $ 9 at 2024 related to VIEs) 75 52 Total current assets 4,085 3,821 Property, Plant and Equipment Cost 62,513 58,382 Accumulated depreciation and amortization ( 20,658 ) ( 19,090 ) Net property, plant and equipment 41,855 39,292 Other Noncurrent Assets Regulatory assets (includes $ 1,257 at 2025 and $ 189 at 2024 related to VIEs) 4,502 4,199 Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 7,338 6,468 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 91 98 Other 1,304 1,127 Total other noncurrent assets 13,235 11,892 Total Assets $ 59,175 $ 55,005 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable $ 1,670 $ 1,809 Accounts payable to affiliated companies 386 241 Taxes accrued 306 627 Interest accrued 214 201 Current maturities of long-term debt (includes $ 16 at 2025 and $ 510 at 2024 related to VIEs) 629 521 Asset retirement obligations 245 247 Regulatory liabilities 569 618 Other 621 541 Total current liabilities 4,640 4,805 Long-Term Debt (includes $ 1,316 at 2025 and $ 198 at 2024 related to VIEs) 17,848 16,669 Long-Term Debt Payable to Affiliated Companies 300 300 Other Noncurrent Liabilities Deferred income taxes 4,191 4,052 Asset retirement obligations 3,597 3,743 Regulatory liabilities 7,609 6,592 Operating lease liabilities 79 87 Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefit costs 24 24 Investment tax credits 345 317 Other (includes $ 15 at 2024 related to VIEs) 802 576 Total other noncurrent liabilities 16,647 15,391 Commitments and Contingencies Equity Member's equity 19,745 17,846 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 5 ) ( 6 ) Total equity 19,740 17,840 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 59,175 $ 55,005 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 82 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income $ 2,108 $ 1,883 $ 1,470 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (including amortization of nuclear fuel) 2,169 2,033 1,845 Equity component of AFUDC ( 144 ) ( 113 ) ( 91 ) Gains on sales of other assets ( 6 ) ( 2 ) ( 26 ) Impairment of assets and other charges ( 11 ) 31 44 Deferred income taxes 442 ( 28 ) ( 53 ) Contributions to qualified pension plans ( 27 ) ( 26 ) ( 26 ) Payments for asset retirement obligations ( 197 ) ( 180 ) ( 210 ) (Increase) decrease in Receivables ( 26 ) ( 49 ) 22 Receivables from affiliated companies ( 174 ) 46 187 Inventory 2 ( 60 ) ( 320 ) Other current assets ( 87 ) 928 ( 495 ) Increase (decrease) in Accounts payable ( 261 ) 476 ( 447 ) Accounts payable to affiliated companies 145 46 ( 14 ) Taxes accrued ( 321 ) 346 64 Other current liabilities 94 ( 74 ) 32 Other assets ( 135 ) ( 556 ) 703 Other liabilities 50 ( 164 ) 100 Net cash provided by operating activities 3,621 4,537 2,785 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ( 4,477 ) ( 3,966 ) ( 3,733 ) Purchases of debt and equity securities ( 4,734 ) ( 2,775 ) ( 2,025 ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of debt and equity securities 4,734 2,775 2,025 Net proceeds from the sales of other assets 30 Notes receivable from affiliated companies ( 4 ) ( 65 ) Other ( 388 ) ( 358 ) ( 288 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 4,869 ) ( 4,389 ) ( 3,991 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 2,495 1,487 2,780 Payments for the redemption of long-term debt ( 1,224 ) ( 19 ) ( 1,042 ) Notes payable to affiliated companies ( 668 ) ( 565 ) Distributions to parent ( 200 ) ( 950 ) Other 183 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,254 ( 151 ) 1,172 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 6 ( 3 ) ( 34 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 16 19 53 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 22 $ 16 $ 19 Supplemental Disclosures: Cash paid for interest, net of amount capitalized $ 758 $ 683 $ 528 Cash paid for (received from) income taxes, net (includes transferable tax credit sale proceeds of $ 551 , $ 440 and $ 0 for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 85 ( 85 ) 151 Significant non-cash transactions: Accrued capital expenditures 997 802 613 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 83 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Net Net Losses (Gains) on Member's Cash Flow Total (in millions) Equity Hedges Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 15,448 $ ( 6 ) $ 15,442 Net income 1,470 1,470 Other ( 5 ) ( 5 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 16,913 $ ( 6 ) $ 16,907 Net income 1,883 1,883 Distributions to parent ( 950 ) ( 950 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 17,846 $ ( 6 ) $ 17,840 Net income 2,108 2,108 Other comprehensive income 1 1 Distributions to parent ( 200 ) ( 200 ) Other ( 9 ) ( 9 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 $ 19,745 $ ( 5 ) $ 19,740 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 84 REPORTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholder and the Board of Directors of Progress Energy, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Progress Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Matters Impact of Rate Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements. Critical Audit Matter Description The Company is subject to rate regulation by the North Carolina Utilities Commission, South Carolina Public Service Commission and Florida Public Service Commission (collectively the Commissions ), which have jurisdiction with respect to the electric rates of the Company. Management has determined it meets the criteria for the application of regulated operations accounting in preparing its financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Judgment can be required to determine if otherwise recognizable incurred costs qualify to be presented as a regulatory asset and deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. We identified the impact of rate regulation related to regulatory assets as a critical audit matter due to the judgments made by management, including assumptions regarding the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions to support its assertions on the likelihood of future recovery for deferred costs. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the ratemaking process due to its inherent complexities as it relates to regulatory assets. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the recovery of regulatory assets included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of the recovery in future rates and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates. We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the Commissions and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates. We evaluated the external information and compared it to management s recorded balances for completeness. For regulatory matters in process, we inspected the Company s and intervenors filings with the Commissions that may impact the Company s future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the recoverability of regulatory asset balances by performing the following to inform our understanding of the composition of the balances: 85 REPORTS We inquired of management regarding changes in the regulatory environment (i.e., recently approved orders) and regulatory asset balances during the year. We evaluated the reasonableness of such changes based on our knowledge of commission-approved amortization, incurred costs, and recently approved regulatory orders, as applicable. We utilized trend analyses to evaluate the historical consistency of regulatory asset balances. We obtained representation from management asserting that regulatory assets recorded in the financial statements are probable of recovery. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Charlotte, North Carolina February 26, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1930. 86 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PROGRESS ENERGY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenues $ 14,509 $ 13,633 $ 13,544 Operating Expenses Fuel used in electric generation and purchased power 4,267 4,755 5,026 Operation, maintenance and other 3,335 2,463 2,636 Depreciation and amortization 2,543 2,393 2,151 Property and other taxes 657 617 644 Impairment of assets and other charges 2 6 28 Total operating expenses 10,804 10,234 10,485 Gains on Sales of Other Assets and Other, net 27 27 27 Operating Income 3,732 3,426 3,086 Other Income and Expenses, net 287 235 201 Interest Expense 1,119 1,064 954 Income Before Income Taxes 2,900 2,597 2,333 Income Tax Expense 485 426 377 Net Income $ 2,415 $ 2,171 $ 1,956 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax Pension and OPEB adjustments ( 2 ) Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities 3 Other Comprehensive Income, 