=== AMZN_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Please carefully consider the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. In addition to the factors discussed in Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in the risk factors below, global economic and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify many of the risks discussed below. Many of the risks discussed below also impact our customers, including third-party sellers, which could indirectly have a material adverse effect on us. The disclosures in this section reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past. Business and Industry Risks We Face Intense Competition Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors across geographies, including cross-border competition, and in different industries, including physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, e-commerce services, web and infrastructure computing services, electronic devices, digital content, advertising, grocery, healthcare, communications, and transportation and logistics services. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition, particularly with our newly-launched products and services and in our newer geographic regions. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. Competition continues to intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors, and as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand to become competitive with our business. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web and infrastructure computing services, practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, digital content, satellites, and electronic devices continue to increase our competition. The internet and other technologies including artificial intelligence facilitate competitive entry and comparison shopping, which enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser-known businesses to compete against us. As a result of competition, our product and service offerings may not be successful, we may fail to gain or may lose business, and we may be required to increase our spending or lower prices, any of which could materially reduce our sales and profits. Our Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies, and Geographic Regions Subjects Us to Additional Risks We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. These offerings, which can present new and difficult technology challenges, may subject us to claims if customers of these offerings experience, or are otherwise impacted by, service disruptions, delays, setbacks, or failures or 6 Table of Contents quality issues. In addition, profitability or other intended benefits, if any, in our newer activities (including development and adoption of automation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning technologies for customer and internal use), may not meet our expectations, and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them, which investments are often significant. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. In addition, our sustainability initiatives may be unsuccessful for a variety of reasons, including if we are unable to realize the expected benefits of new technologies or if we do not successfully plan or execute new strategies, which could harm our business or damage our reputation. Our International Operations Expose Us to a Number of Risks Our international activities are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand internationally. In certain international market segments, we have relatively little operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. It is costly to establish, develop, and maintain international operations and stores, and promote our brand internationally. Our international operations may not become profitable on a sustained basis. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including: • local economic and political conditions; • government regulation (such as regulation of our product and service offerings and of competition); restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection or retaliatory measures, including export duties and quotas and custom duties and tariffs, and restrictions around the import and export of certain products, technologies, and components); nationalization; and restrictions on foreign ownership; • restrictions on sales or distribution of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding liability for products, services, and content, including uncertainty as a result of less internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal precedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the physical and digital distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual property rights; • business licensing or certification requirements, such as for imports, exports, web services, electronic devices, and communications services; • limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; • limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure; • shorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow; • laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data protection, data security, data localization, network security, consumer protection, payments, advertising, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; • lower levels of use of the internet; • lower levels of consumer spending and fewer opportunities for growth compared to the U.S.; • lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk; • difficulty in staffing, developing, and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences; • different employee/employer relationships and the existence of works councils and labor unions; • compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties; • laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade (such as tariff policy changes), foreign investment, loans, and taxes; and • geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. As international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, cloud services, and other services grow, competition will intensify, including through adoption of evolving business models. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as well as their more established local brand names. The inability to hire, train, retain, and manage sufficient required personnel may limit our international growth. The People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) and India regulate Amazon’s and its affiliates’ businesses and operations in country through regulations and license requirements that may restrict (i) foreign investment in and operation of the internet, IT infrastructure, data centers, retail, delivery, and other sectors, (ii) internet content, and (iii) the sale of media and other products and services. For example, in order to meet local ownership, regulatory licensing, and cybersecurity requirements, we provide 7 Table of Contents certain technology services in China through contractual relationships with third parties that hold PRC licenses to provide services. In India, the government restricts the ownership or control of Indian companies by foreign entities involved in online multi-brand retail trading activities. For www.amazon.in, we provide certain marketing tools and logistics services to third-party sellers to enable them to sell online and deliver to customers, and we hold an indirect minority interest in an entity that is a third-party seller on the www.amazon.in marketplace. Although we believe these structures and activities comply with existing laws, they involve unique risks, and the PRC and India may from time to time consider and implement additional changes in their regulatory, licensing, or other requirements that could impact these structures and activities. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC and Indian laws and regulations, and it is possible that these governments will ultimately take a view contrary to ours. In addition, our Chinese and Indian businesses and operations may be unable to continue to operate if we or our affiliates are unable to access sufficient funding or, in China, enforce contractual relationships we or our affiliates have in place. Violation of any existing or future PRC, Indian, or other laws or regulations or changes in the interpretations of those laws and regulations could result in our businesses in those countries being subject to fines and other financial penalties, having licenses revoked, or being forced to restructure our operations or shut down entirely. In addition, because China-based sellers account for significant portions of our third-party seller services and advertising revenues, and China-based suppliers provide significant portions of our components and finished goods, regulatory and trade restrictions, tariff policy changes and trade disputes, data protection and cybersecurity laws, economic factors, geopolitical events, security issues, or other factors negatively impacting China-based sellers and suppliers could adversely affect our operating results. The Variability in Our Retail Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations Demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events, such as in response to global economic conditions such as recessionary fears or rising inflation (including as a result of tariff policy changes), natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), or geopolitical events. For example, we expect a disproportionate amount of our retail sales to occur during our fourth quarter. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. When we overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs and incur commitment costs, which could materially reduce profitability. We regularly experience increases in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our websites within a short period of time due to increased demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we offer or sell and the attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment network and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and other fulfillment companies and customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. Risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment network optimization and inventory are magnified during periods of high demand. As a result of holiday sales, as of December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by or used in investing and financing activities) because consumers primarily use credit cards in our stores and the related receivables settle quickly. Typically, there is also a corresponding increase in accounts payable as of December 31 due to inventory purchases and third-party seller sales. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the first three months of the year as vendors and sellers are paid, resulting in a corresponding decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. We Are Impacted by Fraudulent or Unlawful Activities of Sellers The law relating to the liability of online service providers is currently unsettled. In addition, governmental agencies have in the past and could in the future require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under our seller programs, we maintain policies and processes designed to prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or otherwise, when buyers never receive the products they ordered or when the products received are materially different from the sellers’ descriptions, and to prevent sellers in our stores or through other stores from selling unlawful, counterfeit, pirated, or stolen goods, selling goods in an unlawful or unethical manner, violating the proprietary rights of others, or otherwise violating our policies. When these policies and processes are circumvented or fail to operate sufficiently, it can harm our business or damage our reputation and we could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our sellers. Under our A-to-z Guarantee, we may reimburse customers for payments up to certain limits in these situations, and as our third-party seller sales grow, the cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. 8 Table of Contents We Face Risks Related to Adequately Protecting Our Intellectual Property Rights and Being Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection is not available in every country in which our products and services are made available. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. We are not always able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. Actions taken by third parties that license our proprietary rights may materially diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property requires the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property do not always adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights. We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, have in the past, and may in the future, result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us, or significant payments for damages, including to satisfy indemnification obligations or to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed their rights. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. In addition, our and our customers’ development and use of artificial intelligence may result in increased claims of infringement or other claims, including those based on unauthorized use of third-party technology or content. Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. Breach or malfunctioning of the digital rights management technology that we use could subject us to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to include their content in our service. We Have Foreign Exchange Risk The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international stores and product and service offerings are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Due to these fluctuations, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. We also hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities in foreign currencies such as British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Euros, and Japanese Yen. When the U.S. Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less than expected and vice versa. Operating Risks Our Expansion Places a Significant Strain on our Management, Operational, Financial, and Other Resources We are continuing to rapidly and significantly expand our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings, scaling our infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses (including our technology infrastructure), and adopting and utilizing artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. We Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Growth Rate We are not always able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A significant portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we are not always able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. 9 Table of Contents Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers, and our business is affected by, among other things, general economic, business, and geopolitical conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in decreased revenue or growth. Our sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to factors described elsewhere in this section and the following: • our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers’ demands; • our ability to retain and expand our network of sellers; • our ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; • the introduction of competitive stores, websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements; • changes in usage or adoption rates of the internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, web services, satellite communications services, and artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, products, and services, including outside the U.S.; • timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure; • the success of our geographic, service, and product line expansions; • the extent to which we finance, and the terms of any such financing for, our current operations and future growth; • the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, which may include significant monetary damages or injunctive relief and could have a material adverse impact on our operating results; • variations in the mix of products and services we sell; • variations in our level of merchandise and vendor returns; • the extent to which we offer fast and free delivery, continue to reduce prices worldwide, and provide additional benefits to our customers; • factors affecting our reputation or brand image (including any actual or perceived inability to achieve our goals or commitments, whether related to sustainability, customers, employees, or other topics), and public perceptions regarding our positions on social or ethical issues and our development and use of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and automation technologies, products, and services; • the extent to which we invest in technology and infrastructure, fulfillment, and other expense categories; • availability of and increases in the prices of transportation (including fuel), resources such as land, water, and energy, commodities like paper and packing supplies and hardware products, and technology infrastructure products, including as a result of inflationary pressures; • constrained labor markets, which increase our payroll costs; • the extent to which operators of networks, systems, and services between us and customers successfully divert customers from or charge fees to access our stores and service offerings; • our ability to collect amounts owed to us when they become due; • the extent to which new and existing technologies, or industry trends, restrict online advertising or affect our ability to customize advertising or otherwise tailor our product and service offerings; • the extent to which use of our services is affected by spyware, viruses, phishing and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft, computer intrusions, outages, and similar events; • the extent to which we fail to maintain our unique culture of innovation, customer obsession, and long-term thinking, which has been critical to our growth and success; • disruptions from natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks, armed hostilities, and political conflicts, including those involving China), labor or trade disputes (including restrictive governmental actions impacting us, our customers, and our third-party sellers and suppliers in China or other foreign countries), tariff policy changes (such as tariffs proposed or implemented by the U.S. and other countries and any retaliatory actions), and similar events; and 10 Table of Contents • potential negative impacts of climate change, including: increased operating costs due to more frequent extreme weather events or climate-related changes, such as rising temperatures and water scarcity; increased investment requirements associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy; decreased demand for our products and services as a result of changes in customer behavior; increased compliance costs due to more extensive and global regulations and third-party requirements; and reputational damage resulting from perceptions of our environmental impact. We Face Risks Related to Successfully Optimizing and Operating Our Fulfillment Network and Data Centers Failures to adequately predict customer demand and consumer spending patterns or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers successfully from time to time result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, service interruptions, increased costs, and impairment charges, any of which could materially harm our business. As we continue to add fulfillment and data center capability or add new businesses with different requirements, our fulfillment and data center networks become increasingly complex and operating them becomes more challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our networks effectively. In addition, failure to optimize inventory management or staffing in our fulfillment network increases our net shipping cost by increasing the distance products are shipped and reducing the number of units per shipment or delivery. We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment network and customer service centers. For example, productivity across our fulfillment network is affected by regional labor market constraints, which increase payroll costs and make it difficult to hire, train, and deploy a sufficient number of people to operate our fulfillment network as efficiently as we would like. Under some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies, thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory and operating our fulfillment network. Our failure to adequately predict seller demand for storage or to properly handle such inventory or the inability of the other businesses on whose behalf we perform inventory fulfillment services to accurately forecast product demand may result in us being unable to secure sufficient storage space or to optimize our fulfillment network or cause other unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. An inability to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or performance problems, staffing limitations, or other difficulties experienced by these companies or by our own transportation systems, including as a result of labor market constraints and related costs, could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), geopolitical events and security issues, labor or trade disputes, tariff policy changes, and similar events. We Could Be Harmed by Data Loss or Other Security Incidents Because we collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including confidential, classified, sensitive, proprietary, and business and personal information, failure to prevent, detect, or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, or other security incidents or vulnerabilities affecting our or our vendors’ or customers’ technology, products, and systems, could: expose us or our customers to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of such information; adversely affect our operating results; result in litigation, liability, or regulatory action (including under laws related to privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network security, and consumer protection); deter customers or sellers from using our stores, products, and services; and otherwise harm our business and reputation. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, artificial intelligence technologies, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other communication technologies, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. Some of our systems have experienced past security incidents, and, although they did not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance that future incidents will not have material adverse effects on our operations or financial results. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer data and prevent, detect, or mitigate such incidents, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security incident at a third-party vendor or customer, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented, including by use of developing technologies such as artificial intelligence. We Face Risks Related to System Interruption and Lack of Redundancy We experience occasional system 

=== AMZN_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Please carefully consider the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. In addition to the factors discussed in Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in the risk factors below, global economic and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify many of the risks discussed below. Many of the risks discussed below also impact our customers, including third-party sellers, which could indirectly have a material adverse effect on us. The disclosures in this section reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past. Business and Industry Risks We Face Intense Competition Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors across geographies, including cross-border competition, and in different industries, including physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, e-commerce services, web and infrastructure computing services, electronic devices, digital content, advertising, grocery, healthcare, communications, and transportation and logistics services. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition, particularly with our newly-launched products and services and in our newer geographic regions. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. Competition continues to intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors, and as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand to become competitive with our business. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web and infrastructure computing services, practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, digital content, satellites, and electronic devices continue to increase our competition. The internet and other technologies including artificial intelligence facilitate competitive entry and comparison shopping, which enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser-known businesses to compete against us. As a result of competition, our product and service offerings may not be successful, we may fail to gain or may lose business, and we may be required to increase our spending or lower prices, any of which could materially reduce our sales and profits. Our Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies, and Geographic Regions Subjects Us to Additional Risks We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. These offerings, which can present new and difficult technology challenges, may subject us to claims if customers of these offerings experience, or are otherwise impacted by, service disruptions, delays, setbacks, or failures or quality issues. In addition, profitability or other intended benefits, if any, in our newer activities (including development and adoption of automation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning technologies for customer and internal use), may not meet our expectations, and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them, which investments are often significant. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. In addition, our sustainability initiatives may be unsuccessful for a variety of reasons, including if we are unable to realize the expected benefits of new technologies or if we do not successfully plan or execute new strategies, which could harm our business or damage our reputation. 36 Table of Contents Our International Operations Expose Us to a Number of Risks Our international activities are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand internationally. In certain international market segments, we have relatively little operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. It is costly to establish, develop, and maintain international operations and stores, and promote our brand internationally. Our international operations may not become profitable on a sustained basis. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including: • local economic and political conditions; • government regulation (such as regulation of our product and service offerings and of competition); restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection or retaliatory measures, including export duties and quotas and custom duties and tariffs, and restrictions around the import and export of certain products, technologies, and components); nationalization; and restrictions on foreign ownership; • restrictions on sales or distribution of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding liability for products, services, and content, including uncertainty as a result of less internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal precedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the physical and digital distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual property rights; • business licensing or certification requirements, such as for imports, exports, web services, electronic devices, and communications services; • limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; • limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure; • shorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow; • laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data protection, data security, data localization, network security, consumer protection, payments, advertising, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; • lower levels of use of the internet; • lower levels of consumer spending and fewer opportunities for growth compared to the U.S.; • lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk; • difficulty in staffing, developing, and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences; • different employee/employer relationships and the existence of works councils and labor unions; • compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties; • laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade (such as tariff policy changes), foreign investment, loans, and taxes; and • geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. As international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, cloud services, and other services grow, competition w