=== NI_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and Part II, Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of this report, some of which risks are beyond our control. In addition, the relative contributions to profitability by each business segment, and the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements relating thereto, may change over time. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any such obligation to, update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or changes to expected results over time or otherwise, except as required by law. 7 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Business NiSource Inc. is an energy holding company under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 whose primary subsidiaries are fully regulated natural gas and electric utility companies, serving approximately 3.8 million customers in six states. NiSource is the successor to an Indiana corporation organized in 1987 under the name of NIPSCO Industries, Inc., which changed its name to NiSource Inc. on April 14, 1999. NiSource s principal subsidiaries include NiSource Gas Distribution Group, Inc. (a holding company that owns Columbia of Kentucky, Columbia of Maryland, Columbia of Ohio, Columbia of Pennsylvania, and Columbia of Virginia), and NIPSCO Holdings I (a holding company that owns a controlling interest in NIPSCO, a gas and electric utility). NiSource derives substantially all of its revenues and earnings from the operating results of these rate-regulated businesses. In addition, NiSource will develop the generation resources it plans to use in serving data center customers through its subsidiary Generation Holdings I (a holding company that holds a controlling interest in GenCo). Business Strategy Our business strategy focuses on providing safe and reliable service through our core, rate-regulated, asset-based utilities, with the goal of adding value to all of our stakeholders. Our utilities continue to advance our core safety, infrastructure and environmental investment programs, supported by complementary regulatory and customer initiatives across the six states in which we operate. In 2025, we entered into the ADS Contract, a customized agreement under which NIPSCO will provide electric service to ADS by procuring power from GenCo, which will develop related generation assets, and we expect our data center operations to continue to grow. Our goal is to develop strategies that (i) support long-term infrastructure investment and safety programs to better serve our customers, (ii) align our tariff structures with our cost structure, and (iii) drive value and enable growth in an evolving energy ecosystem. These strategies focus on improving safety and reliability, enhancing customer experience, pursuing regulatory and legislative initiatives to increase accessibility for customers currently not on our gas and electric service, ensuring customer affordability and reducing emissions while generating sustainable returns. We remain committed to the advancement of our SMS for the safety of our customers, communities and employees. Our SMS is the established operating model within NiSource. NiSource continues to maintain its certification to the American Petroleum Institute Recommended Practice 1173, which serves as the guiding practice for our SMS. In 2025, NiSource successfully maintained its ISO 55001 Asset Management certifications through LRQA, a global leader in engineering and technology services. These certifications reaffirm our unwavering commitment to safety for our employees and partners, customers, and systems and highlight our continued dedication to operational excellence and the integrity of our SMS. NiSource has two reportable segments: Columbia Operations and NIPSCO Operations. The remainder of our operations, which are not significant enough on a stand-alone basis to warrant treatment as an operating segment, consist of our centralized corporate activities and are primarily comprised of interest expense on holding company debt and unallocated corporate costs and activities, as well as new business development costs associated with GenCo. The following is a summary of the business for each reporting segment. Refer to Part II. Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 21, "Business Segment Information," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to each segment. Columbia Operations Columbia Operations provides natural gas to approximately 2.4 million residential, commercial and industrial customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky, and Maryland. We operate approximately 37,300 miles of distribution main pipeline plus the associated individual customer service lines and 310 miles of transmission main pipeline located in our service areas described above. Throughout our service areas we also have gate stations and other operations support facilities. See below for information on our owned storage facilities. There were no significant disruptions to our system or facilities during 2025. 8 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS Facility Name Location Type Storage Capacity (MCF) Eagle Cove Propane Petersburg, VA Propane Gas 863 South Wales Propane Jeffersonton, VA Propane Gas 863 Portsmouth Propane-Air Portsmouth, VA Propane-Air Gas 17,300 Total Capacity 19,026 Competition. Due to open access and the deregulation of natural gas supplies, our LDC customers can purchase gas directly from producers and marketers in an open, competitive market. Certain of our subsidiaries are involved in programs that provide our residential and commercial customers the opportunity to purchase their natural gas requirements from third parties and use our subsidiaries for transportation services. As of December 31, 2025, 34.9% of our residential customers and 41.1% of our commercial customers participated in such programs. We compete with (i) investor-owned, municipal, and cooperative electric utilities throughout our service areas, (ii) other regulated and unregulated natural gas intra and interstate pipelines and (iii) other alternate fuels, such as propane and fuel oil. We continue to be a well-positioned competitor in the energy markets in which we operate due to customer preference for natural gas. Additionally, we are subject to seasonal fluctuations in sales. Revenues from our gas distribution operations are more significant during the heating season, which is from October through May. Please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results and Discussion of Operations - Columbia Operations," for additional information. NIPSCO Operations NIPSCO Operations includes the results of NIPSCO Holdings I and its majority-owned subsidiaries, including NIPSCO, which has fully regulated gas and electric operations in northern Indiana. NIPSCO Gas NIPSCO Gas distributes natural gas to approximately 0.9 million customers in northern Indiana. We operate approximately 18,100 miles of distribution main pipeline plus the associated individual customer service lines and 720 miles of transmission main pipeline located in our northern Indiana service areas. Throughout northern Indiana, we also have gate stations and other operations support facilities. See below for information on our owned storage facilities. There were no significant disruptions to our system or facilities during 2025. Facility Name Location Type Storage Capacity (MCF) Royal Center Underground Storage Royal Center, IN Natural Gas 7,240,000 Rolling Prairie LNG Rolling Prairie, IN Liquified Natural Gas 4,000,000 Total Capacities 11,240,000 Competition. Similar to the Columbia Operations segment, NIPSCO Gas operates in an open and competitive market which allows retail customers to purchase gas directly from producers and marketers. As of December 31, 2025, 6.8% of our residential customers and 18.5% of our commercial customers participated in such programs. We compete with (i) investor-owned, municipal, and cooperative electric utilities throughout our northern Indiana service area, (ii) other regulated and unregulated natural gas intra and interstate pipelines and (iii) other alternate fuels, such as propane and fuel oil. We continue to be a well-positioned competitor in the northern Indiana market due to customer preference for natural gas. Additionally, we are subject to seasonal fluctuations in sales. Revenues from our gas distribution operations are more significant during the heating season, which is from October through May. Please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's 9 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results and Discussion of Operations - NIPSCO Operations," for additional information. NIPSCO Electric We generate, transmit and distribute electricity to approximately 0.5 million customers in 20 counties in the northern part of Indiana. We also engage in wholesale electric and transmission transactions, and enter into customized agreements to provide electric service to data center customers. Our transmission system, has voltages from 69,000 to 765,000 volts, and consists of approximately 3,000 circuit miles. We are interconnected with eight neighboring electric utilities. We operate 65 transmission and 240 distribution substations, and own approximately 312,500 poles. We own and operate generation assets as well as source power through PPAs. We currently have eight renewable generation facilities in service, three of which were placed into service in 2025. As of December 31, 2025, we also have multiple PPAs that provide approximately 1,200 MW of capacity, with contracts expiring between 2038 and 2045. We also operate two hydroelectric generation facilities, a CCGT, and two coal generation facilities. In December 2025, before the planned retirement of the R.M. Schahfer coal facility, the U.S. Secretary of Energy issued an emergency order under section 202(c) of the Federal Power Act requiring R.M. Schahfer to continue operating for 90 days, through March 23, 2026. The order stated that continued operation of R.M. Schahfer was required to meet an energy emergency across MISO s North and Central regions and authorizes NIPSCO to obtain cost recovery pursuant to 16 U.S.C. 824a(c). For additional information, see Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - "Results and Discussion of Operations - NIPSCO Operations," and Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors." The Michigan City coal facility is scheduled to be retired by the end of 2028. We had forced outages during 2025, none of which had material impacts to our operations. See below for information on our owned generating facilities: Facility Name Location Fuel Type Generating Capacity (MW) (1) R.M. Schahfer Wheatfield, IN Steam - Coal 722 Michigan City Michigan City, IN Steam - Coal 455 Sugar Creek West Terre Haute, IN CCGT 665 R.M. Schahfer Wheatfield, IN Natural Gas 155 Oakdale Carroll County, IN Hydro 9 Norway White County, IN Hydro 7 Rosewater (2) White County, IN Wind 102 Indiana Crossroads Wind (2) White County, IN Wind 302 Dunns Bridge I (2) Jasper County, IN Solar 265 Indiana Crossroads Solar (2) White County, IN Solar 200 Cavalry Solar and Storage (3) White County, IN Solar and Storage 200 Dunns Bridge II (3) Jasper County, IN Solar and Storage 435 Fairbanks Solar Sullivan County, IN Solar 250 Gibson Solar Gibson County, IN Solar 200 Total MW Capacity 3,967 (1) Represents current net generating capability of each fossil fuel and hydro generating facility. Nameplate capacity is listed for wind and solar generating facilities. (2) NIPSCO is the managing partner of these JVs. Refer to Note 4, "Noncontrolling Interests," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. (3) Cavalry Solar and Storage has installed battery storage capacity of 45MW over a four-hour duration. Dunns Bridge II has installed battery storage capacity of 56MW over a four-hour duration. 10 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS NIPSCO's 2024 Integrated Resource Plan ("2024 Plan") was submitted to the IURC in December 2024. The 2024 Plan informs future generation investments required to ensure reliability for NIPSCO's customers and incorporated factors such as anticipated load growth from data centers and other economic development opportunities, new EPA emissions rules, and evolving MISO resource accreditation rules. The 2024 Plan maintains the retirement decisions and capacity additions identified in the 2018 and 2021 Integrated Resource Plans and calls for additional generation resources through 2029 to support capacity requirements, along with new gas-fired resources and other capacity resources to support new data center load. In this regard, we executed the ADS Contract in September 2025. As we continue to evaluate additional agreements with data center customers, future integrated resource plans will take this into consideration. Refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion of these plans. NIPSCO participates in the MISO transmission service and wholesale energy market. MISO is a nonprofit organization created in compliance with FERC regulations to improve the flow of electricity in the regional marketplace and to enhance electric reliability. Additionally, MISO is responsible for managing energy markets, transmission constraints and the day-ahead, real-time, Financial Transmission Rights and ancillary markets. NIPSCO has transferred functional control of its electric transmission assets to MISO, and transmission service for NIPSCO occurs under the MISO Open Access Transmission Tariff. NIPSCO generating units are dispatched by MISO which takes into account economics, reliability of the MISO system and unit availability. During the year ended December 31, 2025, NIPSCO generating units, inclusive of its owned renewable generation facilities, were dispatched to meet 55.4% of its overall system load, and the remainder of the overall system load was procured through PPAs and the MISO market. Competition. Our NIPSCO Electric utility generally has exclusive service areas under Indiana regulations and retail electric customers in Indiana do not have the ability to choose their electric supplier. NIPSCO faces non-utility competition from other energy sources, such as self-generation by large industrial customers and other distributed energy sources. With respect to data center customers, we face competition from utilities and other energy sources across the United States and abroad. Data center customers consider numerous factors in selecting sites for their operations, including, but not limited to, local weather conditions and patterns, cost of land, local political environment, anticipated ease of zoning and permitting, applicable taxes, and the ability of utilities or power providers to deliver electricity quickly and at scale. Our NIPSCO Operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations in sales. Revenues from electric operations are more significant during the cooling season, which is primarily from June through September. Please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results and Discussion of Operations - NIPSCO Operations," for additional information. Regulatory The regulatory landscape, at both the state and federal levels, continues to evolve, impacting the operations and financial results of our operating companies. Management continually seeks new ways to be more competitive and efficient in this environment, while keeping service and affordability for customers at the forefront. We believe we are, in all material respects, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations at both the state and federal level and do not expect future compliance requirements to have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. While we continue to monitor existing and pending laws and regulations, the impact of regulatory changes cannot be predicted with certainty. 11 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS Rate Case Actions. The following table describes current rate case actions as applicable in each of our jurisdictions. See "Cost Recovery and Trackers" below for further detail on trackers. (in millions) Company Approved ROE Requested Incremental Revenue Approved Incremental Revenue Filing Date Rates Effective Approved Rates Cases Columbia of Pennsylvania 10.00 % $ 110.4 $ 55.6 March 20, 2025 January 2026 Columbia of Maryland 9.80 % $ 10.7 $ 7.8 September 24, 2024 April 2025 Columbia of Kentucky 9.75 % $ 23.8 $ 14.3 May 16, 2024 January 2025 Columbia of Virginia (1) 9.75 % $ 37.2 $ 28.2 April 29, 2024 October 2024 Columbia of Ohio 9.60 % $ 221.4 $ 68.3 June 30, 2021 March 2023 NIPSCO - Gas (2) 9.75 % $ 161.9 $ 120.9 October 25, 2023 August 2024 NIPSCO - Electric (3) 9.75 % $ 368.7 $ 257.0 September 12, 2024 July 2025 (1) The approved rate case resulted in a black box settlement, representing a settlement to a specific revenue increase but not a specified ROE. The settlement provides use of a 9.75% ROE for future SAVE filings. (2) New rates were implemented in 2 steps, with implementation of Step 1 rates effective in August 2024 and Step 2 rates effective in February 2025. (3) New rates were implemented in multiple steps, with implementation of Step 1 rates in July 2025 and Step 2 rates effective by March 2026. FERC. Our service company and operating companies are subject to varying degrees of regulation by the FERC. NiSource Corporate Services files a FERC Form 60 annual report with its financial information as a FERC jurisdictional centralized service company. NiSource also files an annual FERC Form 61 which contains a narrative description of the service company's functions during the prior calendar year. As natural gas LDCs, Columbia of Maryland, Columbia of Ohio, Columbia of Pennsylvania, Columbia of Virginia, Columbia of Kentucky and NIPSCO Gas have limited jurisdictional certificates to transport gas in their respective service territories and into interstate commerce. As an electric company, NIPSCO Electric has Market Based Rate authority and is a Transmission Owner subject to FERC jurisdiction. NIPSCO files the following reports annually: FERC Form 1, which is a comprehensive financial and operating report, FERC Form 566, which is a list of its 20 largest purchases of electricity over the past three years, FERC Form 715, which is its Annual Transmission Planning and Evaluation Report and the base case power flow data from the Eastern Interconnection Reliability Assessment Group Multiregional Modeling Working Group, which is used by NIPSCO for transmission planning and, FERC Form 730, which is NIPSCO s Report of Transmission Investment Activity. As a Transmission Owner subject to the MISO Transmission Owners Agreement and Tariff, NIPSCO has various FERC jurisdictional obligations such as maintaining its Attachment O formula rates and corresponding protocols. NIPSCO also has FERC approvals to make affiliate transactions between itself and various JVs. NIPSCO s officers, on the electric side, are also subject to FERC s interlocking directorate rules and reporting requirements. Regulatory Framework. The gas distribution activities of our Columbia and NIPSCO Operations have pursued non-traditional revenue sources within the evolving natural gas marketplace. These efforts include (i) gas supply cost incentive mechanisms for service to their core markets, and (ii) the sale of on-system services in the companies service territories. The on-system services are offered by us to customers and include products such as the transportation and balancing of gas on the gas distribution operations utility's system. The incentive mechanisms give the gas distribution operations utilities an opportunity to share in the savings created from such situations as gas purchases made below an agreed upon benchmark price and the remarketing of unused pipeline capacity to reduce overall pipeline costs. 12 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS We recognize that energy efficiency reduces emissions, conserves natural resources and saves our customers money. Our gas distribution companies offer programs such as energy efficiency upgrades, home checkups and weatherization services. The increased efficiency of natural gas appliances and improvements in home building codes and standards contribute to a long-term trend of declining average use per customer. While we are looking to expand offerings so the energy efficiency programs can benefit as many customers as possible, our gas distribution operations utilities have pursued changes in rate design to more effectively match recoveries with costs incurred. Columbia of Ohio has adopted a straight fixed variable rate design for residential and small commercial customers that closely links the recovery of fixed costs with fixed charges. Columbia of Maryland and Columbia of Virginia have regulatory approval for weather and revenue normalization adjustments for certain customer classes, which adjust monthly revenues that exceed or fall short of approved levels. Columbia of Pennsylvania continues to operate its pilot residential weather normalization adjustment and also has a fixed customer charge. This weather normalization adjustment only adjusts revenues when actual weather compared to normal varies by more than 5%. Columbia of Kentucky incorporates a weather normalization adjustment for certain customer classes and also has a fixed customer charge. NIPSCO Gas has also received approval and implemented a weather normalization adjustment for certain of its customer classes. NIPSCO Gas and Electric include a fixed customer charge for residential and small commercial and industrial customer classes. While increased efficiency of electric appliances and improvements in home building codes and standards have similarly impacted the average use per electric customer in recent years, NIPSCO expects future growth in per customer usage as a result of increasing electric applications, such as electric vehicles. These ongoing changes in use of electricity will likely lead to development of innovative rate designs, and NIPSCO will continue efforts to design rates that increase the certainty of recovery of fixed costs. Cost Recovery and Trackers. Comparability of our operating results is impacted by regulatory trackers that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs. Certain approved regulatory tracker mechanisms allow for abbreviated regulatory proceedings in order for the operating companies to quickly implement revised rates and recover associated costs. A portion of the NIPSCO Operations' and Columbia Operations' gas distribution revenue is related to the recovery of gas costs through GCA's, the review of which occurs through standard regulatory proceedings. All states in our operating area require periodic review of actual gas procurement activity to determine prudence and confirm the recovery of prudently incurred energy commodity costs supplied to customers. A portion of the NIPSCO Operations' revenue is related to the recovery of fuel costs to generate power and the fuel costs related to purchased power. These costs are recovered through a FAC, which is updated quarterly to reflect actual costs incurred to supply electricity to customers. Political Action The NiSource Political Action Committee ("NiPAC") provides our employees a voice in the political process. NiPAC is a voluntary, employee driven, and employee funded political action committee and makes bipartisan political contributions to local, state and federal candidates, where permitted and in accordance with established guidelines. Consistent with our commitments and our approach to engagement, the NiPAC leadership committee members evaluate candidates for support on issues important to our business. Environmental and Safety Matters PHMSA Legislation and Regulations To fulfill our vision of being a trusted energy provider, we follow safety practices required by regulations as we implement our SMS. Our SMS serves as the framework to identify and reduce risks and ensure consistent safety processes, procedures and operations across the organization. As directed by law in the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2020, PHMSA has proposed and revised various pipeline safety regulations focused on public safety, environmental hazard mitigation, leak detection, methane emissions reduction, and enhanced safeguards for low-pressure distribution systems. Proposed revisions included requirements to detect and repair more leaks, increase survey frequency, and incorporate additional protections to prevent over-pressurization. A final leak detection and repair rule was withdrawn from publication in the Federal Register in January 2025 and the Safety of Gas Distribution Pipelines rulemaking did not progress in 2025. 13 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS We continue to evaluate and monitor PHMSA-related legislation and regulations but cannot predict the impact of changing pipeline safety laws and regulations on our business at this time. Environmental and Climate Change Issues In March 2025, the EPA announced it will undertake 31 deregulatory actions to advance the administration s policy priorities as directed by various executive orders. These actions will address multiple existing water, waste, air and climate regulations including, but not limited to, GHG and CCR rules. In July 2025, the EPA proposed rescinding the 2009 Endangerment Finding, the scientific and legal foundation for federal GHG regulations under the Clean Air Act. Additionally, in November 2025, the EPA proposed a rule to extend the compliance deadline for owners and operators to complete closure of their unlined CCR surface impoundments larger than 40 acres from October 2028 to October 2031. On February 6, 2026, the EPA issued a final rule extending compliance deadlines for several provisions of the Legacy CCR Rule. NiSource will continue to monitor these matters and assess the impacts to our business as regulations are proposed and finalized, or as otherwise required by law. Physical Climate Risks. Increased frequency of severe and extreme weather events associated with climate change could materially impact our facilities, energy sales, and results of operations. We are unable to predict these events. However, we perform assessments of physical risk, including physical climate risk, to our business. More extreme and volatile temperatures, increased storm intensity and flooding, and more volatile precipitation leading to changes in lake and river levels are among the weather events that are most likely to impact our business. Efforts to mitigate these physical risks continue to be implemented. Transition Climate Risks and Opportunities . We actively engage with and monitor the impact that proposed legislative and regulatory programs related to GHG emissions, at both the federal and state levels, would have on our business. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors, "Operational Risks," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further detail. In June 2025, the EPA proposed to repeal GHG emissions standards for fossil fuel-fired power plants that were finalized by the previous federal administration in May 2024. The proposed repeal would eliminate key requirements from the 2024 Carbon Pollution Standards, including capacity factor thresholds and carbon capture and storage (CCS) mandates. If finalized, this action would remove regulatory constraints that could significantly impact NIPSCO s planned gas generation, allowing customers to avoid approximately $675 million in additional costs as contemplated through the 2024 NIPSCO IRP. We also continue to monitor evolving state policies related to GHG emissions from our gas distribution companies. The Climate Solutions Now Act of 2022 ("Act") requires Maryland to reduce GHG emissions by 60% by 2031 (from 2006 levels), and it requires the state to reach net zero emissions by 2045. The Maryland Department of the Environment ("MDE") adopted a plan to achieve its 2031 goal and is required to adopt a plan for its 2045 net zero goal by 2030. The Act also enacts a state policy to move to broader electrification of both existing buildings and new construction. In December 2024, the MDE issued final Building Energy Performance Standards, which require net zero direct GHG emissions from large buildings by 2040 with interim targets, or payments of an alternative compliance fee. Under an executive order, Maryland is also developing a Clean Heat Standard and a Zero-Emission Heating Equipment Standard, among other programs, that are intended to transition gas furnaces to electric heat pumps. In December 2025, the Maryland Public Service Commission ("MD PSC") issued proposed regulations with the stated purpose of eliminating "subsidies" for the extension of gas mains and service lines to new residential and commercial customers. According to the MD PSC, these regulations, if finalized, would require persons who request new service to pay the full cost of extending service in order to minimize the risk of future stranded costs for all ratepayers. These proposed regulations were issued in accordance with a June 2025 MD PSC order directing its Staff to prepare such proposed regulations by December 2025. In August 2025, the MD PSC instituted formal proceedings to investigate issues pertaining to long-term natural gas company planning practices. One purpose of these proceedings is to ensure that planning is consistent with Maryland's climate goals. Columbia of Maryland cannot predict the final impact of these policies and proceedings on our business at this time. Net Zero Goal. In November 2022, we announced a goal of net zero GHG emissions by 2040 covering both Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions ("Net Zero Goal"). Our Net Zero Goal builds on GHG emission reductions achieved to-date. We plan to achieve our Net Zero Goal primarily through the continuation and enhancement of existing programs, such as retiring and replacing coal-fired electric generation with low- or zero-emission electric generation, ongoing pipe replacement and modernization programs, and deployment of advanced leak-detection technologies. In addition, we plan to advance other low- or zero-emission energy resources and technologies, which may include hydrogen, renewable natural gas, long-duration storage, and/or deployment of carbon capture and utilization technologies, if and when these become technologically and economically feasible. Carbon offsets and renewable energy credits may also be used to support achievement of our Net Zero Goal. As of the end of 2024, we had reduced Scope 1 GHG emissions by approximately 72% from 2005 levels. 14 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our GHG emissions projections, including achieving a Net Zero Goal, are subject to various assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties, and did not include any assumptions related to data center development and associated load growth. We remain committed to our Net Zero Goal; however, certain of our interim goals may evolve as we assess and respond to business opportunities such as data centers. Achievement of our Net Zero Goal by 2040 will require supportive regulatory and legislative policies, favorable stakeholder environments and advancement of technologies that are not currently economically or technologically feasible to deploy at scale, as well as execution of our business plan. Otherwise, our actual results or ability to achieve our Net Zero Goal, including by 2040, may differ materially. As discussed in Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - "Results and Discussion of Operations - NIPSCO Operations," NIPSCO continues to execute its electric generation transition consistent with the preferred pathways identified in its 2018, 2021 and 2024 Integrated Resource Plans. Additionally, as discussed in Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - "Executive Summary - Energy Transition" and "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Regulatory Capital Programs," our natural gas distribution companies are lowering methane emissions by replacing aging infrastructure, which also increases safety and reliability for customers and communities. Human Capital Human Capital Management Governance and Organizational Practices . The Compensation and Human Capital Committee ("C HC Committee") of our Board of Directors (the "Board") is primarily responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing our human capital management practices. The C HC Committee reviews our human capital management function and programs. The review of related procedures, programs, policies and practices allows the committee to make recommendations to management with respect to equal employment opportunity, employee engagement, organizational health, and talent management. Human Capital Goals and Objectives . We have aligned our human capital goals to achieve overall company strategic and operational objectives by driving an enhanced talent strategy, elevating support for front-line leaders, fostering a culture of rigor and accountability, and strengthening our human resource function. We aspire to be an employer of choice, in part, through embedding inclusion throughout the enterprise and creating an enviable employee experience. Workforce Composition . As of December 31, 2025, we had 7,668 full-time and 70 part-time active employees (i.e., not interns, not on leave or disability). Of our total workforce, 32% were subject to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. These collective bargaining agreements were renegotiated in 2021 and 2023 and expire between March 2026 and June 2027. We seek to foster an enviable work environment where all employees are energized. In efforts to become an employer of choice, we have developed sourcing strategies to attract and retain the most qualified talent. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities in each of our companies to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, veteran status, disability, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any protected group status as defined by law. The input provided by our increasingly diverse and inclusive workforce will continue to strengthen our corporate culture as well as drive constructive changes within our company to improve our operational strategies, enhance the quality of the services we provide, and increase revenue. We also offer employee resource groups (ERGs), which are offered to all employees and provide individuals with a shared interest the opportunity to connect. Talent Attraction . To recruit and hire individuals with a variety of skills, talents, backgrounds and experiences, we value and cultivate relationships with community and outreach partners. We also target job fairs, while also partnering with local colleges and universities to identify and recruit qualified applicants. Talent Development and Retention . We offer leadership development programs to enhance the behaviors and skills of our existing and future leaders. In 2025, we had participation from employees of all levels. We also offer extensive technical and non-technical employee development training programs. We strive to provide promotion and advancement opportunities for employees. We also develop and implement targeted development action plans to increase succession candidate readiness for leadership roles. Additionally, we monitor the risk and potential impact of talent loss and take action to increase retention of top talent. 15 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1. BUSINESS Succession Planning . We perform succession planning annually for officer level positions to ensure that we develop and sustain a strong bench of talent capable of performing at the highest levels. Talent is identified, and potential paths of development are discussed, to ensure that employees have an opportunity to build their skills to be well-prepared for future roles. We maintain formal succession plans for our CEO and key officers. The succession plan for our CEO is reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee and the succession plans for key officers (other than the CEO) and critical roles are reviewed by the C HC Committee annually or more frequently as needed. Employee and Workplace Health and Safety . We have several programs to support employees and their families well-being. These programs include competitive medical, dental, vision, life and long-term disability programs, including employee health savings account company contributions, family building benefits, telemedicine services, Employee Assistance Program, Integrated Health Management navigation services, and paid time off including wellness, sick/disability, parental leave, and "illness in family" days. We also have a robust program to support employees, contractors and public safety, which is led by our Chief Safety Officer and is under the oversight of the Safety, Operations, Regulatory and Policy Committee of our Board. Culture and Engagement. Our culture is another important aspect of our ability to advance our strategic and operational objectives. In addition to the recruiting, development and retention programs described above, we also invest in internal communications programs, including in-person and virtual learning and networking opportunities, as well as regular town hall communications to employees. We measure and monitor organizational health and employee engagement through various channels including employee lifecycle, pulse, and census surveys. To instill and reinforce our values and culture, we require our employees to participate in regular training on ethics and compliance topics each year, including raising concerns, treating others with respect, preventing discrimination in the workplace, anti-bribery and corruption, data protection, unconscious biases, harassment, conflicts of interest, and how to use the anonymous ethics and compliance hotline. All employees receive training on our Code of Business Conduct annually or more frequently if there is a material change in content. Because of this training and other programs, we have learned from our most recent employee survey that our employees know what ethical violations look like and how to report them. Our Code of Business Conduct is designed to ensure that our employees adhere to legal and regulatory requirements, mitigate risks, and promote ethical behavior. Our ethics program is led by leadership tone at the top, policies and procedures, regular training and communication, monitoring and auditing, and a system for reporting and addressing violations. Our business ethics program, including the employee training program, is reviewed annually by our executive leadership team and the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Our C HC Committee reviews reports from our Chief Human Resources Officer on employee engagement and corporate culture. Our Board reviews results and action plans related to our enterprise-wide comprehensive employee engagement survey. Our executive leadership team, including our CEO, communicates directly and regularly with all employees on timely ethics topics through electronic messages, coffee chats, and all-employee town hall meetings. These communications emphasize the importance of our values and culture in the workplace. Available Information We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers from which investors can electronically access our SEC filings. We make a number of reports and other information available free of charge on our website, www.nisource.com, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 16 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following is a list of our Executive Officers, including their names, ages, offices held and other recent business experience. Name Age Office(s) Held in Past 5 Years Lloyd M. Yates 65 President and Chief Executive Officer of NiSource since February 2022 and Director since March 2020 Shawn Anderson 44 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NiSource since March 2023 Senior Vice President, Strategy and Chief Risk Officer from May 2022 to March 2023 Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy and Risk Officer from June 2020 to May 2022 Melody Birmingham 54 Executive Vice President and Group President, Utilities of NiSource since March 2025 Executive Vice President and President, NiSource Utilities of NiSource from March 2023 to February 2025 Executive Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer of NiSource from July 2022 to March 2023 Senior Vice President and Chief Administrator Officer of Duke Energy Corporation from May 2021 to June 2022 Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Chief Procurement Officer of Duke Energy Indiana from 2018 to April 2021 William Jefferson, Jr. 64 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Safety Officer of NiSource since May 2024 Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Safety Officer of NiSource from July 2022 to May 2024 Station Director at STPNOC, Wadsworth, Texas, from 2020 to May 2022 and Vice President in 2022 Michael S. Luhrs 53 Executive Vice President, Technology, Customer and Chief Commercial Officer of NiSource since March 2025 Executive Vice President, Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer of NiSource from March 2023 to February 2025 Senior Vice President at Alliant Energy from 2022 to March 2023 Vice President at Duke Energy Corporation from 2013 to 2022 Kimberly S. Cuccia 42 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of NiSource since March 2025 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of NiSource from April 2022 to February 2025 Vice President, Interim General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of NiSource from December 2021 to April 2022 Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Regulatory, of NiSource Corporate Services Company, from January 2021 to December 2021 Melanie B. Berman 55 Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Human Resources Officer of NiSource since March 2025 Chief Human Resources Officer and Senior Vice President, Administration of NiSource from May 2024 to March 2025 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of NiSource from June 2021 to May 2024 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of The Michaels Companies, Inc. from 2020 to 2021 Gunnar J. Gode 52 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Tax Officer of NiSource since August 2025 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of NiSource from July 2020 to July 2025 17 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock. OPERATIONAL RISKS We may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities. Our distribution, transmission and generation activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including potential public safety risks. We currently conduct and may conduct in the future certain operations through a JV arrangement involving third-party investors that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays as a result of such arrangements. Failure to adapt to advances in technology, including alternative energy sources, and changes in laws or regulations to support such advances in technology or alternative energy sources, and our inability to manage such related costs could make us less competitive. Increased dependency on technology may hinder our business operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation if such technology fails. Aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs. We may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses. Aspects of the implementation of our electric generation strategy, including the timing of the retirement of our coal generation units or the addition of new generation resources, may be delayed and may not achieve intended results. Our capital projects and programs subject us to construction and supply risks, and are subject to governmental oversight and approvals. Fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs, and economic conditions may impact customer demand. Fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs, or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost- effective fuel supply may impact our ability to meet customer demand. Failure to attract, retain or re-skill an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could adversely impact safety, service reliability, and customer satisfaction. Failure to effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes. Actions of activist stockholders could negatively affect our business and stock price and cause us to incur significant expenses. We outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and may be impacted by substandard performance or quality by third parties. The impacts of a cyber-attack or security breach on any of our or certain third-party technology systems, including operational disruptions and the loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information and related liability. Failure to comply with cybersecurity laws and regulations and the resulting impact on our reputation and business. The impacts of natural disasters, acts of terrorism, acts of war, civil unrest, accidents, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events including operational disruptions. We are exposed to significant reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to a loss of cost recovery, increased litigation and negative public perception. The physical impacts of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon future are impacting our business and could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities associated with the implementation and efforts to achieve our carbon emission reduction goal. 18 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS FINANCIAL, ECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS We have substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition. A drop in our credit ratings could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity. Adverse economic and market conditions, including increases in inflation or interest rates, recession or changes in investor sentiment could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity. Most of our revenues are subject to regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings. The actions of regulators and legislators could result in outcomes that may adversely affect our earnings and liquidity. Our business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries. We are exposed to payment risk with respect to customers and risk that suppliers or counterparties will not perform their contractual obligations. We are a holding company and are dependent on cash generated by our subsidiaries to meet our debt obligations and pay dividends on our stock. Capital market performance and other factors may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding and impact earnings. Any future impairments of goodwill resulting in a significant charge to earnings in a future period and negatively impacting our compliance with certain contractual covenants. LITIGATION, REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS The outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation related to our business operations may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. A failure to comply with changes in, or new or different interpretations of, the various federal, state and local laws, regulations, tariffs and policies applicable on our business. Our businesses are regulated under numerous environmental laws and regulations. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, and changes to or additions to, or reinterpretations of the laws and regulations, could be significant, and the cost of compliance may not be recoverable. Liability from the failure to comply with existing or changed laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof and challenges to tax positions could adversely affect our financial results. DATA CENTER OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY RISKS Data center growth in our service territories, including a focus on northern Indiana, while providing growth opportunities that enhance our business strategy, provide significant financial, operational, and regulatory risks that must be effectively managed. Our construction of the Contract Assets and any generation or transmission assets we develop to support future data center contracts involves significant risks. Construction delays, cost overruns or performance issues with the Contract Assets could reduce our returns under the ADS Contract or other future data center contracts and could require us to obtain additional financing. The terms and availability of the significant additional financing required to construct the Contract Assets and any generation or transmission assets we develop to support future data center contracts. Pursuit of our partnership with ADS creates significant opportunity costs and reduces our strategic and financial flexibility in the near term. The return structure and risk profile of ADS Contract and any future data center contract will differ from those of NIPSCO s traditionally regulated utility operations. Our partnership with ADS exposes us to significant customer concentration risk. 19 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS OPERATIONAL RISKS We may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities. Operational, financial or regulatory conditions may result in our inability to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including investments related to natural gas and electric distribution and transmission infrastructure investments and our electric generation projects. Our enterprise-wide transformation roadmap initiatives identify and enable long-term sustainable capability enhancements, cost optimization improvements, technology investments and work process optimization. These initiatives have increased the volume and pace of change within our organization and may not be effective or achieve planned results. These initiatives may also divert the attention of management from other aspects of our business. Utility infrastructure investments may not materialize, may cease to be achievable or economically viable and may not be successfully completed. Natural gas may cease to be viewed as an economically and environmentally attractive fuel. Certain environmental activist groups, investors and governmental entities continue to oppose natural gas delivery and infrastructure investments because of perceived environmental impacts associated with the natural gas supply chain and end use. Energy conservation, energy efficiency, distributed generation, energy storage, policies favoring electric heat over gas heat and other factors may reduce demand for natural gas and electricity. In addition, we consider acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses, JVs, and mergers from time to time as we execute on our business plan and growth strategy. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. Even if our business plan, growth strategy, and/or business opportunities are executed, there is still risk of, among other things, human error in maintenance, installation or operations, shortages or delays in obtaining equipment, including as a result of transportation delays and availability, labor availability and performance below expected levels (in addition to the other risks discussed in this section). We may experience supply chain challenges, including labor availability issues, impacting our ability to obtain materials for our gas and electric projects, as well as our ability to ensure timely completion. Additionally, operational, financial or regulatory conditions or other factors may result in our inability to effectively develop and implement our strategy with respect to the complex business opportunities associated with growing interest in data centers from existing and potential customers. See Data Center Operations and Strategy Risks for a discussion of certain such risks. Our distribution, transmission and generation activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including potential public safety risks. Our gas distribution and transmission activities and our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including, but not limited to, gas leaks and over-pressurization, downed power lines, stray electrical voltage, excavation or vehicular damage to our infrastructure, outages, environmental contamination, mechanical problems, damage from weather events, and other incidents, which could cause substantial financial losses. These hazards and risks have resulted and may result in serious injury or loss of life to employees and/or the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial business and financial losses. The location of pipeline facilities, including regulator stations, liquefied natural gas and underground storage, or generation, transmission, substation and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from such incidents. Hazardous incidents have subjected and may subject us to both civil and criminal litigation or administrative or other legal proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, be resolved on unfavorable terms, and require us to incur significant operational expenses. The occurrence of incidents has in certain instances adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our reputation, cash flows, financial position and/or results of operations. We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. We currently conduct and may conduct in the future certain operations through a JV arrangement involving third- party investors that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays as a result of such arrangements. We have and may enter into JV arrangements involving third-party investors, including the NIPSCO Minority Interest Transaction and the GenCo Minority Interest Transaction . As part of a JV arrangement, third-party investors may hold certain protective rights that may impact our ability to make certain decisions, restricting our operational and corporate flexibility. The NIPSCO Holdings II LLC Agreement and Generation Holdings II LLC Agreement contain certain such provisions. Any such third-party investors may have interests and objectives which may differ from ours, we may be unable to cause these third 20 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS parties to take action that we believe would be in the JV s best interest, and, accordingly, disputes may arise that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays. Failure to adapt to advances in technology, including alternative energy sources, and changes in laws or regulations to support such advances in technology or alternative energy sources, and our inability to manage such related costs could make us less competitive. A key element of our electric business model includes generating power at central station power plants and transmitting that power to customers to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. We continue to transition our generation portfolio in order to implement new and diverse technologies including renewable energy, distributed generation, and energy storage. Advances in technology and potential competition supported by changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of electric generation and provide retail alternatives causing power sales to decline and the value of our generating, transmission and distribution facilities to decline, including our ability to recover our prior investments in such facilities. Our natural gas business model depends on widespread utilization of natural gas for space heating as a core driver of revenues. Alternative energy sources, new technologies or alternatives to natural gas space heating, including cold climate heat pumps and/or efficiency of other products, and potential competition supported by changes in laws or regulations, including potential natural gas bans or restrictions, such as the Department of Energy's furnace rule banning non-condensing gas furnaces, could reduce demand and increase customer attrition, which could impact our ability to recover on our investments in our gas distribution assets. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demand and expectations and evolving industry standards, including environmental impacts associated with our products and services, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, remaining investments in retired assets. A failure by us to effectively adapt to changes in technology, successfully implement such changes, and manage the related costs could harm the ability of our products and services to remain competitive in the marketplace and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, if these changes do not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demand and expectations, such failure could materially adversely affect our business model as well as impact our results of operations and financial condition. Increased dependency on technology may hinder our business operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation if such technology fails. We use a variety of technological tools and systems including both Company-owned information technology and technological services provided by outside parties. These tools and systems support critical functions including scheduling and dispatching of service technicians, automated meter reading systems, customer care and billing, operational plant logistics, management reporting and external financial reporting. The failure of these or other similarly important technologies, or our inability to have these technologies supported, updated, expanded, recovered (including timely recovered), or integrated into other technologies, could hinder our business operations and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Although we have, when possible, developed alternative sources of technology and built redundancy and security into our computer operations, there can be no assurance that these efforts will protect against all potential issues related to the loss or failure of any such technologies. Aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs . We face risks associated with aging electric and gas infrastructure. These risks can be driven by threats such as, but not limited to, electrical faults, mechanical failure, internal corrosion, external corrosion, ground movement and stress corrosion and/or cracking. The age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs or unscheduled outages, despite efforts by us to properly maintain or upgrade these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment. In addition, the nature of the information available on aging infrastructure assets, which in some cases is incomplete, may make the operation of the infrastructure, inspections, maintenance, upgrading and replacement of the assets particularly challenging. Missing or incorrect infrastructure data may lead to (i) difficulty properly locating facilities, which can result in excavator damage and operational or emergency response issues, (ii) configuration and control risks associated with the modification of system operating pressures in connection with turning off or turning on service to customers, which can result in unintended outages or operating pressures and (iii) other potential risks related to missing or incorrect infrastructure data. Also, additional maintenance and inspections are required in some instances to improve infrastructure information and records and address emerging regulatory or risk management requirements, resulting in increased costs. 21 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Supply chain issues related to shortages of materials, labor and transportation logistics may lead to delays in the maintenance and replacement of aging or damaged infrastructure, which could increase the probability and/or impact of a public safety incident. We lack diversity in suppliers of some gas materials. While we have implemented contractual protections with suppliers and stockpile certain materials in inventory, these efforts may not be effective in ensuring that we can obtain adequate emergency supply on a timely basis in each state, that no compromises are being made on quality and that we have alternate suppliers available. The failure to operate our assets as desired could result in interruption of service, major component failure at generating facilities and electric substations, gas leaks and other incidents, and an inability to meet firm service and compliance obligations, which could adversely impact revenues, and could also result in increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, which, if not fully recovered from customers, could negatively impact our financial results. We may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses. Our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, is impacted by various events and developments affecting our industry and the financial condition and underwriting considerations of insurers. For example, some insurers have discontinued underwriting certain carbon-intensive energy-related businesses such as those in the coal industry or excluded coverage for specific perils such as wildfires, environmental exposures or punitive damage risks. Certain perils, such as cyber liability, are now being excluded from some master policies for property and casualty insurance, requiring, where we have the ability, procurement of additional policies to maintain consistent coverage at an additional cost. Specific natural catastrophe events, such as hail and tornado, may not be covered with the same limits as other perils in certain property policies, as full coverage for these events is unavailable in the marketplace. Insurance coverage may not continue to be available at limits, rates or terms acceptable to us, and we may elect not to carry coverage at the same levels as have been historically procured. In addition, our insurance is not sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we are subject. Certain types of damages, expenses or claimed costs, such as fines and penalties, have been and in the future may be excluded under the policies. In addition, insurers providing insurance to us may raise defenses to coverage under the terms and conditions of the respective insurance policies that could result in a denial of coverage or limit the amount of insurance proceeds available to us. Any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Aspects of the implementation of our electric generation strategy, including the timing of the retirement of our coal generation units or the addition of new generation resources, may be delayed and may not achieve intended results. We intend to retire the remaining two coal units at R.M. Schahfer Generating Station, two natural gas-fired peaking units at R.M. Schahfer Generating Station, and the coal unit at Michigan City Generating Station. Absent a directive to remain open, we intend to retire the two natural-gas fired peaking units at R.M Schahfer Generating Station by the end of 2027 and the coal unit at Michigan City Generating Station by the end of 2028. Although we had previously intended to retire them by the end of 2025, the two coal units at R.M. Schahfer Generating Station are currently subject to a federal directive to remain open. These units are being replaced with a diverse, flexible, and scalable mix of incremental resources, including short-term contracted capacity resources, expanded demand side management programs, wind, solar, battery energy storage, and new natural gas peaking resources. Project delays or potential changes with MISO's capacity accreditation of these replacement resources, may also drive us to evaluate additional alternatives to meet our capacity requirements. Macro supply chain issues and U.S. federal policy actions, such as additional federal directives preventing the retirement of these or other assets and the duration of such directives, could create uncertainty around the timing and availability of key input materials necessary to develop and place our electric generation projects in service. We expect renewable generation, battery energy storage and natural gas generation to be the primary ways in which we will meet our electric generation capacity and reliability obligations to the MISO market and reliably serve our customers when we retire our coal generation capacity. Any delays in the completion of such projects could create significant risks for us to reliably meet our capacity and energy obligations to MISO and to provide reliable and affordable energy to our customers. Delays to the completion dates of our projects could also include delays in the financial return of certain investments and impact the overall timing of our electric generation transition. An inability to secure and deliver on electric generation projects has negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, our generation transition timeline and could negatively impact our achievement of decarbonization goals and reputation. Our electric generation strategy may require additional investment to meet our MISO obligations and may require significant future capital expenditures, operating costs and charges to earnings that may negatively impact our financial position, financial results and cash flows. In recent years, MISO has implemented new capacity accreditation rules and continues to put forth new plans and proposals relating to its accreditation requirements. Recent MISO accreditation changes have affected generation 22 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS resources, with solar, wind, and battery storage being more significantly impacted than natural gas. It is possible that, under future MISO rules, the capacity accreditation for the capacity resources we construct (potentially including the significant capacity resources we plan to construct to serve ADS and any additional data center customers) will be eliminated or reduced, in which case we would need to replace or supplement the accredited generation capacity we plan to build. We expect that we would need to obtain significant additional debt and equity financing to fund these investments, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Although under the terms of the ADS Contract the costs of additional investment in generation resources in response to loss of MISO accreditation would be shared by us and ADS, such investment would be funded initially by us, and our recovery from ADS would occur over an extended period of time. In addition, there can be no guarantee that future data center contracts will contain adequate protections in this regard, or that any such contractual protections would be effective. If we are required to construct additional generation as a result of MISO accreditation changes (and obtain related financing), this could negatively impact our return under the ADS Contract or other data center contracts or otherwise adversely affect our future results and financial condition. Our capital projects and programs subject us to construction and supply risks, and are subject to regulatory oversight, including requirements for permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas transmission and distribution infrastructure, natural gas storage and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. In particular, in addition to the capital projects we plan to undertake to support our base business, in connection with the ADS Contract, we expect to construct, through GenCo, 400 MW of new battery storage and a new power generation facility consisting of two 1,300 MW CCGTs, which are expected to reach commercial operation between 2028 and 2032, as well as related transmission and distribution assets. In addition, in order to perform under any further data center contracts, we expect that we will need to develop additional generation and transmission assets, which may be significant. As we undertake these projects, we may be unable to complete them on schedule or at the anticipated costs. Our ability to construct the currently contemplated generation and transmission assets, and any future generation, transmission or distribution assets in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. These variables include, but are not limited to, the ability of key suppliers, general contractors and subcontractors to timely satisfy their obligations under existing or future contracts and in compliance with the terms of such contracts, including the EPC Contracts and equipment supply contracts we have already entered into; the impact of new tariffs, if any, inflation and other trade or economic factors that may impact the cost of supplies and services; any other changes in the availability or costs of materials, equipment or commodities; changes in law or regulation, including environmental compliance requirements; the availability of and ability of our contractors to hire and retain qualified labor and the cost of such labor; delays caused by construction incidents or injuries, work stoppages, poor initial cost estimates and unforeseen engineering issues; the impact of public health emergencies or natural disasters or other severe weather events; capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms; charges allocated to us by MISO with respect to these assets; the impact of public involvement, intervention or litigation; and our ability to obtain any necessary land rights, easements and/or zoning approvals in a timely manner, or at all. We are monitoring risks related to increasing delivery lead times for certain construction and other materials, increasing risk associated with the unavailability of materials due to global shortages in raw materials and issues with transportation logistics, and risk of decreased construction labor productivity in the event of disruptions in the availability of materials critical to our gas and electric operations. Our efforts to enhance our resiliency to supply chain shortages may not be effective. We continue to see increasing prices and limited availability associated with certain materials, equipment and products, which may impact our ability to complete major capital projects at the cost and timing that was planned and approved. To the extent that delays occur, costs increase, costs become unrecoverable or recovery is delayed, or we otherwise become unable to effectively manage our costs and timely complete our capital projects, if at all, our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, to the extent that delays occur on projects that target system integrity, the risk of an operational incident could increase. Our existing and planned capital projects require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from federal, state, and local governmental agencies, including obtaining necessary rights-of-way, easements and transmissions connections, as well as complying with various environmental statutes, rules and regulations, among other items. If there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approvals or to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, including as a result of public opposition to our existing or planned capital projects or due to new or increased federal, state or local requirements, we may not be able to construct or operate our facilities, we may be forced to incur 23 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS additional costs, we may be forced to alter our capital project plans resulting in increased costs and/or delays or we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in a project. We also may not receive the anticipated increases in revenue and cash flows resulting from such projects and programs until after their completion. In addition, we are subject to the risk that we may construct or purchase certain projects to capture anticipated future growth (including in connection with potential data center customers), which may not materialize, and may cause the construction to occur over an extended period of time, in which case we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in such a project, or receive the anticipated increases in revenue and cash flows resulting from such projects until much later than expected, if at all. A significant portion of the gas and electricity we sell is used by residential and commercial customers for heating and air conditioning. Accordingly, fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs, and economic conditions impact customer demand. Energy sales are sensitive to variations in weather. Forecasts of energy sales are based on normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. Significant variations from normal weather resulting from climate change or other factors could have, and have had, a material impact on energy sales. Additionally, residential usage, and to some degree commercial usage, is sensitive to fluctuations in commodity costs for gas and electricity (which volatility is described in more detail in the below risk factor), whereby usage declines with increased costs which could affect our financial results. Rising gas costs could heighten regulator and stakeholder sensitivity relative to the impact of base rate increases on customer affordability. Lastly, residential and commercial customers usage is sensitive to economic conditions and factors such as recession, inflation, unemployment, demand and consumer confidence. Therefore, prevailing economic conditions affecting our customers may in turn affect demand and our financial results. Fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs, or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost- effective fuel supply may impact our ability to meet customer demand. Our current electric generating depends on coal and natural gas for fuel, and our gas distribution operations purchase and resell a portion of the natural gas we deliver to our customers. These energy commodities are subject to price fluctuations and fluctuations in associated transportation costs. We use physical hedging through the use of storage assets and use financial products in certain jurisdictions in order to offset fluctuations in commodity supply prices. We rely on regulatory recovery mechanisms in the various jurisdictions we operate in order to fully recover the commodity costs incurred in selling energy to our customers. While we have historically been successful in the recovery of costs related to such commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such costs will be fully recovered through rates in a timely manner. In addition, we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines, and other transportation and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets, supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and provide retail energy services to our customers. If transportation is disrupted, if capacity is inadequate or if supply is interrupted, we may be unable to sell and deliver our gas and electric services to some or all of our customers. As a result, we may be required to procure additional or alternative electricity and/or natural gas supplies at then-current market rates, which, if recovery of related costs is disallowed, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects. Failure to attract, retain or re-skill an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could adversely impact safety, service reliability, and customer satisfaction. We face increased competition for talent which may result in longer hire times or increased cost due to the competitive nature of certain positions. We operate in an industry that requires many of our employees and contractors to possess unique technical skill sets. An aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of current skill sets to future needs, the unavailability of talent for internal positions and the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. These operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. For example, certain skills, such as those related to construction, maintenance and repair of transmission and distribution systems, are in high demand and have a limited supply. Current and prospective employees may determine that they do not wish to work for us due to market, economic, employment or other conditions, including those related to organizational changes as described in the risk factor below. 24 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Further, as part of our strategic plan, which includes enhanced technology, transmission and distribution investments, and a reduction in reliance on coal-fired generation, we will need to attract and retain personnel that are qualified to implement such a strategy and may need to retrain or re-skill certain employees to support our long-term objectives. Additionally, successful implementation of our strategic plan is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain key executive officers to oversee our progress. A significant portion of our workforce is subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on an operating company basis with some companies having multiple bargaining agreements, which may span different geographies. Any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to renegotiate these labor contracts might result in labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage or benefit increases. Although we maintain workforce continuity plans, our workforce continuity plans may not be effective in avoiding work stoppages that may result from labor negotiations or mass resignations. Labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows. Failure to attract, retain, or re-skill qualified employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, could result in a loss of momentum, loss of high-level employees to our peers and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and maintain satisfactory labor relations, safety, service reliability, and customer satisfaction, our results of operations could be adversely affected. If we cannot effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the business and regulatory environment. In order to execute on our sustainable growth strategy and enhance our culture of ongoing continuous improvement, we must effectively manage the complexity and frequency of new initiatives and organizational changes. The organizational changes from our transformation initiatives put pressure on employees due to the volume and pace of change and, in some cases, the loss of personnel. Front-line workers are being impacted by the variety of process and technology changes that are currently in progress. If we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, and successfully implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed to execute our strategy in this increasingly dynamic and competitive business and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations and relationships with our business partners, regulators, customers, employees and stockholders may be negatively impacted. Actions of activist stockholders could negatively affect our business and stock price and cause us to incur significant expenses. We may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not be aligned with our long-term strategy or the interests of our other stockholders. Our response to suggested actions, proposals, director nominations and contests for the election of directors by activist stockholders could disrupt our business and operations, divert the attention of our board of directors, management and employees, and be costly and time consuming. Potential actions by activist stockholders or others may interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plans; create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy; cause uncertainty with our regulators; make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel; and adversely affect our relationships with our existing and potential business partners. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, we may be required to incur significant fees and other expenses related to responding to stockholder activism, including for third-party advisors. Moreover, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any stockholder activism. We outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and may be impacted by substandard performance or quality by third parties. Utilities rely on extensive networks of business partners and suppliers to support critical enterprise capabilities across their organizations. Like other companies in the utilities industry, we outsource certain services to third parties in areas including construction services, information technology, materials, fleet, environmental, operational services, corporate and other areas. We have seen, and may see in the future, slowing deliveries from suppliers and in some cases materials and labor shortages. In addition to delays and unavailability, at times, outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to inferior service quality or substandard deliverables, which may result in non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry 25 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS standards), interruption of service, accidents, or reputational harm, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The nature of indirect supply chain, including a potential lack of control or certain visibility into sourcing by vendors, may also impact our ability to serve customers in a safe, reliable and cost-effective manner. These risks include the risk of operational failure, reputation damage, disruption due to new supply chain disruptions, exposure to significant commercial losses and fines and poorly positioned and distressed suppliers. If delayed deliveries and shortages or any other difficulties in the operations of these third-party suppliers and service providers, including their systems, were to occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations, or adversely affect our ability to work with regulators, unions, customers, or employees. A cyber-attack or security breach on any of our or certain third-party technology systems, including but not limited to information systems, infrastructure, software and hardware, upon which we rely may adversely affect our ability to operate, could lead to a loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information, or potential liability. We are reliant on technology to run our business, which is dependent upon technology systems to process critical information necessary to conduct various elements of our business, including the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity; operation of our gas pipeline facilities; and the recording and reporting of commercial and financial transactions to regulators, investors and other stakeholders. In addition to general information and cybersecurity risks that all large corporations face (e.g., ransomware, malware, unauthorized access attempts, phishing attacks, malicious intent by insiders, third-party software vulnerabilities and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving and increasingly complex cybersecurity risks associated with protecting electric grid and natural gas infrastructure as well as sensitive and confidential customer and employee information. Deployment or adoption of new or emerging business technologies, including artificial intelligence, Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and cloud-based platforms, increased reliance on third-party vendors, cloud service providers and software supply chains, along with maintaining legacy technology, heightens our exposure to risks outside of our control and represents a large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer and employee information, as well as on the integrity of the electric grid and the natural gas infrastructure. Increasing large-scale corporate cyber-attacks in conjunction with more sophisticated threats continue to challenge utility companies. Additionally, international conflicts, as well as increased surveillance activity from global threat actors, has increased the likelihood of a cyber-attack or security breach on critical infrastructure systems. Additionally, our information systems could experience sophisticated, cyber-attacks or security breaches by a variety of sources, including foreign sources, with the apparent aim to breach our cyber-defenses. While we have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect our information technology, operational technology, and data systems from such cyber-attacks or security breaches, our cybersecurity program does not prevent all breaches, cyber-attack or security breach incidents. We have experienced an increase in the number of attempts by external parties to access our networks or our company data without authorization. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity intrusions and attacks or security breaches to our information systems. To our knowledge, none of these intrusions or attacks have resulted in a material cybersecurity intrusion or data breach. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational technology, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, through cybersecurity breach or ransomware attack has increased as attempted cyber-attacks or security breaches have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. Technological complexities combined with advanced cyber-attack or security breach techniques, lack of cybersecurity hygiene and human error can result in a cybersecurity incident, such as a ransomware attack. Supplier non-compliance with cybersecurity controls can also result in a cybersecurity incident. We are aware of vendor cybersecurity incidents that have impacted our business, although no such events have had a material impact. Cyber-attacks or security breaches can occur at any point in the supply chain or with any suppliers, and future supplier non-compliance with cybersecurity controls could result in material cybersecurity incidents. In addition, we use unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) or drones in our business operations. UASs are also being used for malicious activities and the cybersecurity risk in connection with operating UASs is increasing. In addition, we collect and retain personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. Customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. A cybersecurity breach of our information systems or operational technology, or a cybersecurity breach of the information systems of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, could, among other things, (i) adversely impact our ability to safely and reliably deliver electricity and natural gas to our customers through our generation, transmission and distribution systems and potentially negatively impact our compliance with certain mandatory reliability and gas flow standards, (ii) subject us to reputational and other harm or liabilities associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information such as system operating information or information, personal or otherwise, relating to our customers or employees, (iii) impact our ability to manage our businesses, and/or (iv) subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings and 26 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS claims from third parties, in addition to remediation costs, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition and/or results of operations. Although we do maintain cybersecurity insurance, it is possible that such insurance will not adequately cover any losses or liabilities we may incur as a result of a cybersecurity incident. Compliance with and changes in cybersecurity requirements have a cost and operational impact on our business, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. The legal and regulatory environment surrounding cybersecurity and privacy is increasingly demanding. As cyber-attacks or security breaches are becoming more sophisticated, critical infrastructure assets, including pipelines and electric infrastructure, may be specifically targeted. In November 2024, the TSA issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) that would mandate cyber risk management and reporting requirements for the pipeline industry. Such directives or additional legal requirements may require expenditure of significant additional resources to respond to cyber-attacks 