=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-26-000044_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20260331.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 6, 2026 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces first quarter results GenCo cost savings expand to approximately $1.4 billion for existing customers through Alphabet and Amazon collaboration Raising 2026-2033 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate to 9%-10% Reaffirming 2026 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance reflecting approximately 8% year-over-year growth at the midpoint MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 of $510.7 million, or $1.06 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $474.8 million, or $1.00 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2025. NiSource also reported first quarter 2026 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $509.6 million, or $1.06 of consolidated adjusted EPS, compared to consolidated non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $462.3 million, or $0.98 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2025. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming its 2026 non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance of $2.02-$2.07 and raising its consolidated compound annual growth rate (CAGR) with respect to non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS to 9%-10% from 2026 through 2033. We are off to a strong start in 2026, continuing to execute on our strategy and deliver value for our customers, communities, and shareholders, said President and CEO Lloyd Yates. We are seeing the impact of our GenCo model through new and expanded collaboration with Alphabet and Amazon, which together are expected to deliver approximately $1.4 billion in customer value, drive economic development across Indiana, strengthen our grid and position NiSource to reliably serve the growing energy demand. None of this would be possible without the continued dedication of our employees and partners as we work together to deliver safe, reliable service. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. Commencing in 2026, the company began to present base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS. As presented, guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS, including annual base plan adjusted EPS growth, excludes, in addition to the items historically excluded from adjusted EPS, the impact of data center operations and development activities relating to provision of electric service to current and future data center or other large load customers. The company provides guidance regarding base plan adjusted EPS because it expects that the earnings from its data center operations and development activities will experience a different growth profile compared to the base plan adjusted EPS growth. Providing guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS growth, together with guidance regarding consolidated adjusted EPS growth, provides investors with the same information that management considers to evaluate the company s ongoing business performance and provide greater transparency into the performance of different aspects of our business that are impacted by distinct trends and factors. Consolidated adjusted EPS represents base plan adjusted EPS together with adjusted EPS from our data center operations and development activities. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on base plan adjusted EPS or consolidated adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP base plan adjusted EPS guidance or its non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website, www.nisource.com, and the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). NI-F ### 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Sec

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-26-000026_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20251231.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 11, 2026 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces full-year 2025 results Achieved 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS above guidance range Exceeded 2025 non-GAAP FFO Debt guidance range Reaffirming 2026 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming 2026-2033 consolidated non-GAAP adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate of 8%-9% MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2025 of $929.5 million, or $1.95 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $739.7 million, or $1.62 of earnings per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2024. NiSource also reported full-year 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $905.2 million, or $1.90 of adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $798.6 million, or $1.75 of adjusted EPS, for the year ended December 31, 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming its 2026 non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance of $2.02 $2.07. The company expects to invest approximately $28.0 billion from 2026 2030 under its consolidated capital plan, which includes utility system modernization initiatives and nearly $7.0 billion in strategic data center infrastructure investments. This consolidated investment plan is expected to support an anticipated compound annual growth rate (CAGR) with respect to non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS of 8%-9% and consolidated rate base growth of 9%-11% from 2026 through 2033. We closed 2025 with significant momentum, delivering on our commitments and advancing a diversified portfolio that spans natural gas, electric, renewables, and a transformative data center project, said NiSource President and CEO Lloyd Yates. It s been a strong year, highlighted by delivering a landmark data center agreement with Amazon and a novel solution that flows back more than $1 billion in savings to retail customers in a differentiated and impactful way. This approach ensures affordability remains top of mind as we continue driving disciplined O M performance and leveraging technology to improve efficiency. Our pipeline of opportunities remains robust, positioning us for continued growth. With major infrastructure investments underway and an innovative agreement in place, we re building a resilient, future ready grid that supports economic development across our footprint. I want to thank our employees and partners for their dedication together, we re driving sustainable value for customers and shareholders. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders, adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. Commencing in 2026, the company will begin to present base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS. As presented, guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS, including annual base plan adjusted EPS growth, excludes, in addition to the items historically excluded from adjusted EPS, the impact of data center operations and development activities relating to provision of electric service to current and future data center or other large load customers. The company provides guidance regarding base plan adjusted EPS because it expects that the earnings from its data center operations and development activities will experience a different growth profile compared to the base plan adjusted EPS growth. Providing guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS growth, together with guidance regarding consolidated adjusted EPS growth, will provide investors with the same information that management considers to evaluate the company s ongoing business performance and provide greater transparency into the performance of different aspects of our business that are impacted by distinct trends and factors. Consolidated adjusted EPS represents base plan adjusted EPS together with adjusted EPS from our data center operations and development activities. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on base plan adjusted EPS or consolidated adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP base plan adjusted EPS guidance or its non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the year ended December 31, 2025, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website, www.nisource.com, and the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes 

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000054_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20250930.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE October 29, 2025 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces third quarter results Reaffirming upper half of 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Introducing 2026 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance Extending base plan expected non-GAAP adjusted EPS annual growth guidance of 6%-8% to 2026-2030 Introducing 2026-2033 consolidated non-GAAP adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate of 8%-9% Announcing consolidated capital expenditure plan of $28.0 billion, inclusive of $7.0 billion of capital investment related to data centers MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2025, of $94.7 million, or $0.20 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $85.7 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, on a GAAP basis, NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $671.7 million, or $1.42 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $515.8 million, or $1.14 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. NiSource also reported third quarter 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $91.8 million, or $0.19 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ), compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $89.9 million, or $0.20 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, NiSource's non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $656.0 million, or $1.38 of adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $567.4 million, or $1.26 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming the upper half of its 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance of $1.85-$1.89. In 2026, non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.02-$2.07. NiSource is extending its base capital plan to 2030, with base plan non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth expected to be 6%-8% annually, driven by $21.0 billion in base plan capital expenditures and 8%-10% rate base growth from 2026 to 2030. The newly consolidated capital expenditure plan of $28.0 billion total is approximately $8.6 billion more than the prior five-year plan, fueled by nearly $7.0 billion in strategic data center investments. This marks a 45% increase and supports an expected consolidated non-GAAP adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 8%-9% for 2026 through 2033. This is an exciting moment for NiSource, said President and CEO Lloyd Yates. With GenCo approved and our new data center agreement in place, we re advancing transformative growth 1 while protecting customers from the costs of large-load development, reinforcing that customer affordability remains at the heart of our strategy. This project ensures growth pays for growth, energizes Indiana s economy, and strengthens our ability to deliver reliable service through a more resilient, future-ready grid. I want to thank our employees and contractors for their outstanding dedication, Yates added. Their work continues to drive meaningful value for our customers, regulators, and shareholders. We re proud to lead the way in responsible growth, demonstrating how thoughtful stakeholder engagement and innovative regulatory structures can unlock transformative opportunities. We re proud to lead the way in advancing economic development while maintaining the integrity of our financial plan. 2 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. Commencing in 2026, the company will begin to present base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS. As presented herein, guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS, including annual base plan adjusted EPS growth, excludes, in addition to the items historically excluded from adjusted EPS, the impact of data center operations and development activities relating to provision of electric service to current and future data center customers in NIPSCO s Indiana service territory. The company is providing guidance regarding base plan adjusted EPS because it expects that the earnings from its data center operations and development activities described above will experience a different growth profile compared to the base plan adjusted EPS growth. Providing guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS growth, together with guidance regarding consolidated adjusted EPS growth, will provide investors with the same information that management considers to evaluate the company s ongoing business performance and provide greater transparency into the performance of different aspects of our business that are impacted by distinct trends and factors. Consolidated adjusted EPS represents base plan adjusted EPS together with adjusted EPS from our data center operations and development activities described above. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP base plan adjusted EPS guidance or its non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Infor

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000035_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20250630.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 6, 2025 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces second quarter results 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance narrowed to upper half of range Reaffirming expected annual 6%-8% 2025-2029 non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended June 30, 2025, of $102.2 million, or $0.22 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $85.8 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $577.0 million, or $1.22 diluted earnings per share, compare to net income available to common shareholders of $430.1 million, or $0.95 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2024. NiSource also reported second quarter 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $101.9 million, or $0.22 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $94.7 million, or $0.21 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, NiSource's non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $564.2 million, or $1.19 adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $477.5 million, or $1.06 adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is narrowing 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the upper half of $1.85-$1.89. Annual rate base growth of 8%-10% and non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6%-8% annually is driven by $19.4 billion of capital expenditures for the 2025-2029 period. Our dedicated team of employees and contractors work hard to serve our customers and communities every day. As we look ahead, we remain focused on strong execution of our strategy and operations, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Our base capital plan includes critical investments to ensure reliability for our customers and the increased 2025 earnings expectations is driven by our dedication and ability to deliver on our financial commitments while supporting the growth and reliability of our systems. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). NI-F ### 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, targets, forecast, and continue, reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000019_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20250331.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 7, 2025 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Kristen King Investor Relations Finance Communications investors nisource.com (380) 268-3023 kking nisource.com NiSource announces first quarter results Reaffirming 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming expected annual 6%-8% 2025-2029 non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, of $474.8 million, or $1.00 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $344.3 million, or $0.77 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. NiSource also reported first quarter 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $462.3 million, or $0.98 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $382.8 million, or $0.85 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance of $1.85-$1.89 as well as 8%-10% rate base growth and non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6%-8% annually for the 2025-2029 period. The NiSource team is working hard to execute on plans for the growth and sustainability of our business and provide safe, reliable service to our customers, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Our first quarter results are yet another demonstration of our strong business fundamentals. Despite market conditions and other forces beyond our control, the longevity of our plan is enduring and our investments are resilient. I d like to thank our committed employees and contractors for their ongoing efforts to ensure our communities are safe and receive reliable energy. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). NI-F ### 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, targets, forecast, and continue, reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable however, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations discussed in this Press Release include, among other things our ability to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities, such as data center development and related generation sources and trans

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000006_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20241231.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 12, 2025 NiSource announces full-year 2024 results Achieved 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS above guidance range Raising 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming expected annual 6%-8% 2025-2029 non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2024, of $739.7 million, or $1.62 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $661.7 million, or $1.48 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported full-year 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $798.6 million, or $1.75 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $716.3 million, or $1.60 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is raising 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to $1.85-$1.89. The base capital expenditure plan is increased to $19.4 billion, a $100 million increase versus the prior $19.3 billion. This is expected to result in 8%-10% rate base growth and non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6%-8% annually for the 2025-2029 period. We continue our track record of strong financial growth achieving 2024 non-GAAP EPS of $1.75, delivering an 8.5% 3-year compound annualized growth rate, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Our on-going focus to deliver great value for our customers is evidenced by high customer satisfaction results. As we look back at 2024 and the many accomplishments of our team, I d like to express my gratitude to our employees and suppliers their continued contributions and commitment have created significant value for our regulators, customers, shareholders, and all our stakeholders. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the year ended December 31, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Kristen King Christopher Turnure Finance Communications Investor Relations (419) 787-1314 (614) 404-9426 kking nisource.com cturnure nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000041_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_2024930.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE October 30, 2024 NiSource announces third quarter 2024 results Reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Introducing 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance and extending expected annual 6-8% growth to 2025-2029 Updating 5-year capital expenditure base plan to $19.3 billion MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2024, of $85.7 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $77.0 million, or $0.17 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $515.8 million, or $1.14 diluted earning per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $436.1 million, or $0.98 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported third quarter 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $89.9 million, or $0.20 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $83.7 million, or $0.19 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, NiSource's non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $567.4 million, or $1.26 adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $477.0 million, or $1.07 adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70-1.74. In 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.84-1.88. NiSource is extending its plan to 2029 with non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth expected to be 6-8% annually, driven by $19.3 billion 2025-2029 base plan capital expenditures and 8-10% 2025-2029 rate base growth. The new base capital expenditure plan is approximately $2.9 billion larger than the prior 5-year plan. Over the last 3 months we saw several examples of the constructive stakeholder partnerships that differentiate the NiSource family of companies. We are making progress in our rate cases, advanced NIPSCO Integrated Resource Plan (IRP) dialogue and received approvals for several Indiana investments that will improve reliability and lower costs to customers. These and future partnerships are the foundation for our updated 5-year financial plan and the extension of our elevated investment opportunity. I am as proud as ever of our employees and contractors for their continuing outstanding execution. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations. This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,400 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Kristen King Christopher Turnure Finance Communications Investor Relations (419) 787-1314 (614) 404-9426 kking nisource.com cturnure nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securiti

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000031_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_2024630.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 7, 2024 NiSource announces second quarter 2024 results Reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming 2023-2028 annual non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6-8% MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended June 30, 2024, of $85.8 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $39.9 million, or $0.09 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported second quarter 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $94.7 million, or $0.21 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $50.3 million, or $0.11 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70-1.74 as well as annual 6-8% adjusted EPS growth and annual 8-10% rate base growth* for the 2023-2028 period. The 2024-2028 base capital expenditure plan is $16.4 billion. During the second quarter NiSource placed the Cavalry Solar Storage project into service and reported strong earnings results, executing our investment plan and delivering consistent shareholder returns. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Implementation of capital trackers as well as progress on renewable project approvals and our integrated resource planning process are continuing evidence of the superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation that make this possible. In July, our team was put to the test in responding to a major windstorm in our Indiana service area. I want to thank our employees and contractors for their preparation and around-the-clock response in restoring service to our communities. *core business rate base growth select years may exceed range 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations. This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,400 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Christopher Beard Christopher Turnure Corporate Media Relations Investor Relations (224) 399-5705 (614) 404-9426 cbeard nisource.com cturnure nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our 2024 guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expre

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000019_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_2024331.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 8, 2024 NiSource announces first quarter 2024 results Reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming 2023-2028 annual non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6-8% MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended March 31, 2024, of $344.3 million, or $0.77 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $319.2 million, or $0.71 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported first quarter 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $382.8 million, or $0.85 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $343.0 million, or $0.77 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures.** NiSource is reaffirming 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70-1.74 as well as annual 6-8% adjusted EPS growth and annual 8-10% rate base growth* for the 2023-2028 period. The 2024-2028 base capital expenditure plan is increased to $16.4 billion, a $400 million increase versus the prior $16 billion. Today s first quarter 2024 earnings results and regulatory progress underscore our ability to deliver on stakeholder commitments, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. We are adding to our base capex plan without incremental equity issuance, once again demonstrating the improving position and flexibility of our balance sheet and its ability to support our portfolio of organic investment opportunities. The tireless effort of our employees and contractors makes this possible and continues to drive improved value and reliability of service for our nearly four million customers. *core business rate base growth select years may exceed range 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations. This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,400 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Christopher Beard Christopher Turnure Michael Weisenburger Corporate Media Relations Investor Relations Investor Relations (224) 399-5705 (614) 404-9426 (614) 202-2595 cbeard nisource.com cturnure nisource.com mweisenburger nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our 2024 guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and exp

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000009_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20231231.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 21, 2024 NiSource announces fourth quarter 2023 results Achieved 2023 non-GAAP NOEPS at top end of guidance range Raising 2024 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to $1.70-1.74 from $1.68-1.72 Reaffirming 6-8% annual 2023-2028 non-GAAP NOEPS growth Successfully closed NIPSCO minority interest transaction in December MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, 2023 net income available to common shareholders of $661.7 million, or $1.48 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $749.0 million, or $1.70 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. NiSource also reported 2023 non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $716.3 million, or $1.60 diluted earnings per share, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $648.2 million, or $1.47 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures.** NiSource is raising 2024 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to $1.70-1.74 from $1.68-1.72. The 5-year $16 billion base capital expenditure plan drives 2023-2028 annual rate base growth* of 8-10% and annual non-GAAP NOEPS growth of 6-8%. Today s 2023 earnings achievement and increased 2024 NOEPS guidance range are a testament to the resiliency of our financial commitments and our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Meanwhile, the company s balance sheet is now strengthened and more flexible following the successful completion of the NIPSCO minority transaction in December. As we move through the winter season our more than 11,000 employees and contractors should be proud of their work providing safe and reliable service to our nearly four million customers. *core business rate base growth select years may exceed range 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to net operating earnings available to common shareholders and diluted earnings per share (NOEPS), which is a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC. The company includes this measure because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on NOEPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on net operating earnings due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,400 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Lynne Evosevich Christopher Turnure Michael Weisenburger Corporate Media Relations Investor Relations Investor Relations (724) 288-1611 (614) 404-9426 (614) 202-2595 levosevich nisource.com cturnure nisource.com mweisenburger nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our 2024 guidance on NOEPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, targets, forecast, and continue, reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable however, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially. Factors that could cause actual 

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-23-000038_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20230930.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE November 1 , 2023 NiSource announces third quarter 2023 results, extension to long-term growth plan Reaffirming 2023 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance in upper half of the range Introducing 2024 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance and extending annual 6-8% growth from 2023-28 NIPSCO minority interest transaction with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners on-track for closing by the end of 2023 with recent FERC approval, highlighting diverse funding sources and balance sheet flexibility while preserving the scale of the business Incorporating an incremental $1 billion in capital expenditures across 5-year plan horizon MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2023, of $77.0 million, or $0.17 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $52.0 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $436.1 million, or $0.98 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $518.2 million, or $1.18 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. NiSource also reported non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $83.7 million, or $0.19 diluted earnings per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $44.6 million, or $0.10 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, NiSource's non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders was $477.0 million, or $1.07 diluted earnings per share, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $427.2 million, or $0.97 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures.** 2023 NOEPS guidance reaffirmed, introducing 2024 NOEPS guidance and extension to growth plan NiSource is reiterating 2023 non-GAAP NOEPS to be in the upper half of the $1.54-1.60 range. In 2024 non-GAAP NOEPS is expected to be in the range of $1.68-1.72. NiSource is extending its plan to 2028 with non-GAAP NOEPS growth expected to be 6-8% annually, driven by $16 billion 2024-28 base plan capital expenditures and 8-10% annual 2023-28 rate base growth*. This increases the capital expenditures projected over the next 5-year window by $1 billion.** Today s extended financial plan with 2024 guidance demonstrates strong execution since the initiation of our plan one year ago as well as the resilience and duration of NiSource s fundamental drivers. Balance sheet flexibility and a superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation enable 1 continued execution of our investment programs while maintaining our commitments through economic and market volatility. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. This is all made possible by the tireless commitment of our more than 11,300 employees and contractors to customers and communities every day. * core business rate base growth select years may exceed range **Regulation G Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to net operating earnings available to common shareholders and diluted earnings per share (NOEPS), which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC s Regulation G. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on NOEPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on net operating earnings due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,200 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 2 Media Investors Lynne Evosevich Christopher Turnure Michael Weisenburger Corporate Media Relations Director, Investor Relations Lead Analyst, Investor Relations (724) 288-1611 (614) 404-9426 (614) 202-2595 levosevich nisource.com cturnure nisource.com mweisenburger nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking stateme

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-23-000024_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20230630.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 2 , 2023 NiSource announces second quarter 2023 results 2023 EPS guidance raised to upper half of range, long-term growth commitments reaffirmed Leading regulatory execution continues in both electric and gas businesses NIPSCO minority sale agreement with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners announced, expected to close by year-end MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended June 30, 2023, of $39.9 million, or $0.09 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $53.2 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. For the six months ended June 30, 2023, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $359.1 million, or $0.80 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $466.2 million, or $1.06 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. NiSource also reported non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $50.3 million, or $0.11 diluted earnings per share, for the three months ended June 30, 2023, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $53.9 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. For the six months ended June 30, 2023, NiSource's non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders was $393.3 million, or $0.88 diluted earnings per share, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $382.6 million, or $0.87 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. 2023 EPS guidance raised to upper half of range NiSource is raising 2023 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to the upper half of $1.54 to $1.60. Annual non-GAAP NOEPS growth of 6-8% through 2027 is reaffirmed. Annual rate base growth of 8-10% is driven by $15 billion of capital expenditures anticipated during the 2023-27 period. The increased 2023 earnings expectations underscore our focus and ability to deliver on our financial commitments while supporting the growth and reliability of our energy systems. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Our recently announced partnership with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners marks yet another example of NiSource s steadfast execution. This transaction enables us to support ongoing investments in the state of Indiana and strengthens our balance sheet and financial flexibility. These achievements would not be possible without our dedicated employees and their commitment to our customers, communities and all NiSource stakeholders. Second quarter 2023 and recent business highlights 1 Electric business The record is closed and proposed settlement is on file for the Northern Indiana Public Service Company s (NIPSCO) electric rate case. A final order is anticipated this month from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC) with rates anticipated to be effective in steps beginning in September 2023 and March 2024. Construction on the Crossroads and Dunns Bridge I solar projects was recently completed. NiSource has now placed four utility-owned renewable investments into service from the 2018 Integrated Resource Plan process including the 2020 Rosewater and 2021 Indiana Crossroads Wind projects. This represents an approximately $800 million investment in 870 megawatts of economic, sustainable, zero fuel cost new generation for NIPSCO s northern Indiana customers. The Dunns Bridge II, Cavalry and Fairbanks Solar projects are under construction and results from the 2022 RFPs process continue to be evaluated. Gas distribution business In May, Columbia Gas of Maryland filed a request with the Maryland Public Service Commission (PSC) seeking approval to adjust base rates for distribution. The request seeks to recover approximately $40 million in capital invested in improving system safety and reliability through the 12-months ended July 2023. Also in May, the Virginia State Corporation Commission (SCC) approved a settlement among Columbia Gas of Virginia and the parties in its base rate case originally filed in April 2022. The base rate adjustment approval authorizes recovery of approximately $390 million of capital invested during the 2021 through 2023 period. Columbia Gas of Ohio s Infrastructure Replacement Program (IRP) rider rates went into effect in May, initiating the recovery of $316 million of capital investment targeting safety and reliability enhancements made during 2022. These developments advance a growing track record of leading regulatory execution and highlight the benefits of jurisdictional diversity. In the last four quarters alone, NiSource has completed general rate cases in Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Maryland with balanced outcomes for stakeholders. NiSource s scale has minimized bill impacts during a period of elevated commodity prices and general inflation, while enabling billions of dollars of investments on behalf of our customers and communities. Columbia Gas of Ohio has been awarded the Most Trusted Utility Brand Award for 2023 by Escalent for the second consecutive year. The award was given to only 42 brands across the country, and our Ohio business had the second highest score for a natural gas utility in the Midwest region. NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its earnings guidance due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather and other unusual and infrequent items included in GAAP results. Additional information for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation. About NiSource 2 NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,200 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women an

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-23-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20230331.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 3, 2023 NiSource announces first quarter 2023 results 2023 guidance and long-term growth commitments reaffirmed Regulatory progress continues with a NIPSCO electric rate case settlement that provides a balanced outcome for stakeholders NIPSCO minority interest sale launched and on track for 2023 MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended March 31, 2023, of $319.2 million, or $0.71 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $413.0 million, or $0.94 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. NiSource also reported first quarter 2023 non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $343.0 million, or $0.77 diluted earnings per share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $328.7 million, or $0.75 diluted earnings per share, for the first quarter of 2022. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. The Company reaffirms its non-GAAP NOEPS guidance of $1.54 to $1.60 in 2023 and growth of 6- 8% through 2027. Annual rate base growth of 8-10% is driven by $15 billion of capital expenditures during the 2023-27 period. NiSource remains committed to delivering on our top-tier EPS growth plan, said NiSource President and CEO Lloyd Yates. The settlement filed in NIPSCO's electric rate case is another example of the team s continued regulatory execution with balanced outcomes for stakeholders, and the sale of the NIPSCO minority interest remains on track for 2023. I'd also like to recognize our dedicated employees and contractors who worked tirelessly to ensure our communities received safe and reliable energy during the recent storms across our territories. First Quarter 2023 and Recent Business Highlights A settlement agreement has been filed in Northern Indiana Public Service Company s (NIPSCO) electric rate case. The settlement incorporates $1.8 billion of incremental capital investments made on behalf of customers since 2019 for renewable generation projects, grid modernization and other customer-centric improvements. The settlement represents a $292 million revenue increase. A final order is anticipated in August with rates effective in 2023 and 2024. The Company s major energy transition investments in Indiana are proceeding according to plan. Construction of the Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge Solar I projects is nearing completion and work has begun on Dunns Bridge II and Cavalry Solar projects. Gas distribution regulatory execution has also advanced with the Columbia Gas of Ohio rate case settlement approval and implementation during the first quarter. The Company's tracked infrastructure replacement programs are executing on plan for 2023, as highlighted by Ohio s 1 recently approved Infrastructure Replacement Program (IRP) authorizing recovery of $316 million of capital investment. NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its earnings guidance due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather and other unusual and infrequent items included in GAAP results. Additional information for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,200 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. ### FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Lynne Evosevich Christopher Turnure Michael Weisenburger Corporate Media Relations Director, Investor Relations Lead Analyst, Investor Relations (724) 288-1611 (614) 404-9426 (614) 460-4888 levosevich nisource.com cturnure nisource.com mweisenburger nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, targets, forecast, and continue, reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable however, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially. 2 Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations discussed in this release include, among other things, our ability to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments potential incidents and other operating risks associa

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-23-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20221231.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 22, 2023 NiSource announces 2022 results, raises 2023 guidance 2022 diluted NOEPS tops guidance range 2023 guidance range increased NIPSCO minority interest sale launched and on track for 2023 MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, 2022 net income available to common shareholders was $749.0 million, or $1.70 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $529.8 million, or $1.27 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. NiSource also reported 2022 non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $648.2 million, or $1.47 diluted earnings per share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $571.2 million, or $1.37 diluted earnings per share, for 2021. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. Increasing 2023 earnings guidance NiSource reaffirms its commitment to annual non-GAAP NOEPS growth of 6-8% through 2027. The Company is increasing its 2023 guidance to $1.54 to $1.60 non-GAAP NOEPS. Delivering earnings above our 2022 guidance and raising our 2023 guidance range are a testament to our team s sustained and consistent execution of our strategy, said NiSource President and CEO Lloyd Yates. Our top tier and achievable growth plan unveiled at our 2022 Investor Day puts us on a path to drive compelling total shareholder returns of 9% to 11% annually. Already approved investments are the foundation of the plan that enhance the safety, reliability and sustainability of our systems to support new and existing customers. Yates continued, We have also officially launched our sale process for a minority interest in NIPSCO, which is expected to de-risk our financing plan and result in a strong balance sheet that positions us for long-term success. As we look ahead, we remain focused on creating additional value for our shareholders and other stakeholders by continuing to optimize our cost profile and enhance operational excellence. I d like to commend the strong execution of our talented and dedicated employees throughout 2022. 2022 Operational and Financial Highlights Completed comprehensive business review, resulting in top tier plan to drive shareholder value with an expected 9-11% total shareholder return Maintained strong regulatory execution throughout the NiSource footprint Continued focus on operational excellence, efficiency and enhanced safety 1 Built long-term plan to invest up to $1 billion in new technologies to change how the Company plans, schedules and executes work in the field and engages and provides service to customers Fourth Quarter 2022 and Recent Business Highlights Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) is actively working with stakeholders toward a settlement in the electric rate case filed on September 19. The case requests for a net incremental revenue increase of $279.2 million to support renewable generation and associated transmission projects, grid modernization and customer-centric improvements. Construction of the Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge Solar I projects is nearing completion, with both projects expected to be in service in the first half of 2023. Construction continues on the Indiana Crossroads II Wind project toward a projected start of commercial operations by the end of 2023. Initial construction work has begun on Dunns Bridge II and Cavalry Solar projects. Gas distribution continues its regulatory execution with rate case settlements approved in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Maryland. Also, a proposed stipulation and recommendation was filed in Virginia and is awaiting a final order. NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its earnings guidance due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather and other unusual and infrequent items included in GAAP results. Additional information for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.2 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. Based in Merrillville, Indiana, NiSource s approximately 7,500 employees are focused on safely delivering reliable and affordable energy to our customers and communities we serve. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index. Additional information about NiSource, its investments in modern infrastructure and systems, its commitments and its local brands can be found at www.nisource.com. Follow us at www.facebook.com nisource, www.linkedin.com company nisource or www.twitter.com nisourceinc. The content of these websites is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the SEC. NI-F ### FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Dave Rau Randy Hulen Christopher Turnure Corporate Media Relations VP, Investor Relations and Treasurer Director, Investor Relations (614) 493-8657 (219) 647-5688 (614) 404-9426 drau nisource.com rghulen nisource.com cturnure nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements 2 This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, bel

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-22-000040_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20220930.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE November 7, 2022 NiSource announces third quarter 2022 results 2022 guidance narrowed, 2023 guidance initiated Regulatory agenda progress continues with electric rate case filed in Indiana, settlement reached in Ohio Investor Day event scheduled for noon ET today to provide details of the NiSource long-term plan extension Safety, reliability, customer affordability and sustainability remain top priorities MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2022 of $52.0 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $49.4 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. For the nine months ended September 30, 2022, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $518.2 million, or $1.18 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $377.6 million, or $0.91 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. NiSource also reported non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $44.6 million, or $0.10 diluted earnings per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2022, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $47.1 million , or $0.11 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. For the nine months ended September 30, 2022, NiSource's non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders was $427.2 million, or $0.97 diluted earnings per share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $404.5 million, or $0.98 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. This quarter confirms the strong regulatory execution of our team across the NiSource footprint, said NiSource President and CEO Lloyd Yates . Our continued investments in renewable generation and infrastructure modernization provide predictable earnings growth and deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value for our customers. We look forward to presenting the details of our top-tier, long-term growth plan extension at our Investor Day event today in New York. The Investor Day event will begin today at noon ET. A link to the webcast is available at nisource.com InvestorDay2022. Initiating 2023 and narrowing 2022 earnings guidance long-term plan extension and details of new plan for 6-8% annual NOEPS growth from 2021 through 2027 contained in the Investor Day release and slides provided today NiSource narrows its 2022 non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings per share (NOEPS) guidance to $1.44 to $1.46. The company also initiates 2023 guidance of $1.50 to $1.57 non-GAAP diluted NOEPS, consistent with its previous 5-7% annual growth commitment. NiSource reminds investors 1 that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its earnings guidance due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather and other unusual and infrequent items included in GAAP results. Third quarter 2022 and recent business highlights Electric operations Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) filed an electric rate case on September 19, its first electric case since 2018. The case requests $291.8 million to support renewable generation and associated transmission projects, grid modernization and customer-centric improvements. New rates would take effect in September 2023, with incremental new charges applied in 2024. Construction has begun on the Indiana Crossroads II Wind project, which is expected to enter service in 2023. Construction of the Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge Solar I projects continues to move toward in-service dates in the first half of 2023. Gas distribution operations Columbia Gas of Ohio has filed a settlement in its rate case. The settlement includes an annual increase in rates of approximately $68.2 million and a return on equity (ROE) of 9.6%. The implementation of new rates is pending approval by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania has received a recommended decision supporting approval of a proposed settlement in its rate case. The settlement includes an annual increase in rates of $44.5 million supporting gas line replacement and upgrades for the long-term safety of customers and communities. It also includes a three-year residential energy efficiency pilot program, while balancing costs. The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission is expected to issue its final decision late November or early December, with new rates in effect December 17. Columbia Gas of Virginia implemented interim rates on September 28 as its rate case moves forward. The case requests an increase in annual revenues of approximately $40.6 million, net of the SAVE tracker, to continue safety and modernization investments. If the Virginia State Corporation Commission ultimately approves a rate change smaller than what is proposed, the difference will be refunded to customers with interest. A final order is expected in early 2023. Columbia Gas of Maryland received a Proposed Order in CMD s 2022 Rate Case. It accepts without modification the filed settlement, calling for a $4.8 million revenue increase, with rates effective for service rendered on and after December 9, 2022. The Proposed Order will become a Final Order on November 17, unless the Commission takes steps to modify or reverse it. Additional information for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.2 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. Based in Merrillville, Indiana, NiSource s approximately 7,500 employees are focused on safely delivering reliable and affordable energy to our customers and communities we serve. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index. Additional information about NiSource, its investments in modern infrastructure and systems, its commitments and its local brands can

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-22-000023_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20220630.htm EX-99.1 Document August 3, 2022 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Dave Rau Randy Hulen Christopher Turnure Corporate Media Relations VP, Investor Relations and Treasurer Director, Investor Relations (614) 493-8657 (219) 647-5688 (614) 404-9426 drau nisource.com rghulen nisource.com cturnure nisource.com NiSource reports Second quarter 2022 results 2022 guidance and long-term earnings growth reaffirmed Renewable generation projects remain on target with previously revised in-service dates Steady progress on regulatory agenda continues with settlement approved in NIPSCO gas rate case and settlement discussions in Ohio and Pennsylvania Fall Investor Day expected in November, focused on extending NiSource s growth plan Safety, reliability, customer affordability and sustainability remain top priorities MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended June 30, 2022 of $53.2 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $46.5 million, or $0.11 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. For the six months ended June 30, 2022, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $466.2 million, or $1.06 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $328.2 million, or $0.80 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. NiSource also reported non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $53.9 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share, for the three months ended June 30, 2022, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $52.6 million , or $0.13 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. For the six months ended June 30, 2022, NiSource's non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders was $382.6 million, or $0.87 diluted earnings per share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $357.4 million, or $0.88 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. The NiSource team's focus on safety and operational excellence will continue to drive our plans for growth and sustainability, while providing the reliable service our customers deserve, said Lloyd Yates, president and CEO. The U.S. Commerce department's pause on solar panel tariffs gives us more confidence and clarity on the revised renewable project timelines. We expect these renewable investments and the flexibility of our mitigation plan to provide the path to meeting our commitment to deliver 7 - 9% compound annual growth in non-GAAP NOEPS from 2021 through 2024. The team also continues its advancement of our regulatory execution that drives benefits to our 1 stakeholders. I m excited about our organization and our executive team, and I look forward to extending our growth plan at an Investor Day planned for November. Reaffirming 2022 and long-term financial guidance Consistent with its near and long-term growth commitments, NiSource reaffirms its 2022 non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings per share (NOEPS) guidance of $1.42 to $1.48. NiSource also continues to expect non-GAAP diluted NOEPS to grow by 7 to 9 percent, from 2021's full year results of $1.37 through 2024, on a compound annual growth rate basis, including near-term annual growth of 5 to 7 percent through 2023. NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its earnings guidance due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather and other unusual and infrequent items included in GAAP results. Renewable generation transition The company remains on track to make capital investments totaling approximately $10 billion during the 2021-2024 period. Capital investments for renewable projects of approximately $2.0 billion are expected, primarily between 2022 and 2024, with any remainder expected in 2025. In total, capital investments are expected to drive compound annual rate base growth of 10 to 12 percent for each of the company's businesses through 2024. NiSource expects to be coal free by 2026-2028, with renewable generation providing reliable energy while saving customers money over the long term. Schahfer Generating Station s remaining two coal units are expected to retire by the end of 2025, with Michigan City Generating Station retiring between 2026-2028. Environmental impact targets update The company continues to make strong progress toward its environmental goals and is on target to reach them. They include Reduce scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions 90% (from 2005 levels) by 2030 Achieve 50% reduction (from 2005 levels) in methane emissions from gas mains and services by 2025 Second quarter 2022 and recent business highlights Electric operations Northern Indiana Public Service Company's (NIPSCO) Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge Solar I projects continue to advance construction toward being in service in the first half of 2023. NiSource's first ever Green Bond issuance raised $350 million, closing on June 10, 2022. The proceeds from the issuance are intended to be used to buy out the developer for NIPSCO s 302-megawatt Indiana Crossroads Wind project and 102-megawatt Rosewater Wind project. Gas distribution operations NIPSCO received an order approving the settlement agreement in its rate case, providing a revenue increase of approximately $72 million annually, with new rates effective in September 2022 and March 2023. This balanced outcome demonstrates a positive path toward continued investments in essential resources that will support safe operations, upgrading aging infrastructure and enhancing the customer experience. 2 Columbia Gas of Ohio has requested to reschedule hearings in its rate case until October to facilitate continued settlement discussions. The company has requested an increase of $221.4 million, net of the Capital Expenditure Program (CEP) and Infrastructure Replacement Program (IRP) riders. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania is also engaging in settlement discussions its rate case. The case requests additional revenues of $82.2 million, which are intended to further upgrade and replace gas lines for the long-term safety of customers and communities. It also seeks to provide 

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-22-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20220331.htm EX-99.1 Document May 4, 2022 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Dave Rau Randy Hulen Christopher Turnure Corporate Media Relations VP, Investor Relations and Treasurer Director, Investor Relations (614) 493-8657 (219) 647-5688 (614) 404-9426 drau nisource.com rghulen nisource.com cturnure nisource.com NiSource reports First quarter 2022 results 2022 guidance and long term earnings growth reaffirmed Generation transition from coal remains on track for 2026-2028 however, short term solar project delays expected Regulatory progress supporting enhanced safety and environmental performance continues, with a rate case settlement in Indiana and new cases filed in Pennsylvania and Virginia Investor Day, focused on extending NiSource's growth plan, will take place this fall Safety, reliability, customer affordability and sustainability remain top priorities MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended March 31, 2022 of $413.0 million, or $0.94 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $281.7 million, or $0.72 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. NiSource also reported non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $328.7 million, or $0.75 diluted earnings per share, for the three months ended March 31, 2022, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $304.8 million , or $0.77 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2021. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. The NiSource team continues to execute on plans for the growth and sustainability of our business while delivering safe and reliable service to our customers, said Lloyd Yates , President and CEO. Despite the expected delays in solar projects, the resiliency and flexibility of our business plan continues to support our commitment to deliver 7 - 9% compound annual growth in non-GAAP NOEPS from 2021 through 2024. I also look forward to sharing details around the extension of this growth plan at our Investor Day event this fall. Reaffirming 2022 and long-term financial guidance Consistent with its near and long-term growth commitments, NiSource reaffirms its 2022 non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings per share (NOEPS) guidance of $1.42 to $1.48. NiSource also continues to expect non-GAAP diluted NOEPS to grow by 7 to 9 percent, from 2021's full year results of $1.37 through 2024, on a compound annual growth rate basis, including near-term annual growth of 5 to 7 percent through 2023. NiSource reminds investors that it does not 1 provide a GAAP equivalent of its earnings guidance due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather and other unusual and infrequent items included in GAAP results. Renewable generation transition The U.S. Commerce department circumvention investigation related to the import of solar components from select geographies has brought uncertainty and delays to the solar panel market. NiSource is working with its renewable generation developers to better understand the potential project impacts. The company anticipates that most solar projects originally scheduled for completion in 2022 and 2023 will experience delays of approximately 6 to 18 months. In connection with these delays, the company now expects to retire Schahfer Generating Station s remaining two coal units by the end of 2025. However, NiSource continues to expect that Michigan City Generating Station will retire on schedule between 2026-2028. As NiSource evaluates potential adjustments to renewable generation project timing, the company remains on track to make capital investments totaling approximately $10 billion during the 2021-2024 period. Capital investments for renewable projects of approximately $2.0 billion are expected, primarily between 2022 and 2024, with any remainder expected in 2025. NiSource has flexibility in the timing of other gas and electric infrastructure capital investments that can allow adjustments to compensate for delays in renewable generation projects. In total, capital investments are expected to drive compound annual rate base growth of 10 to 12 percent for each of the company's businesses through 2024. Environmental impact targets update In addition to retiring all coal-fired generation by 2026-2028, NiSource is on track to achieve its environmental goals, including Reduce scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions 90% (from 2005 levels) by 2030 Achieve 50% reduction (from 2005 levels) in methane emissions from gas mains and services by 2025 In 2021, NiSource s energy efficiency programs enabled nearly 1.1 million customers to manage their energy use. Energy efficiency upgrades, home check-ups, weatherization services and other activities helped customers save about $18.5 million on their energy bills and reduce emissions . Inaugural annual Safety Report NiSource s inaugural annual Safety Report outlines the company's continued commitment to