=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-26-000044_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20260331.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 6, 2026 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces first quarter results GenCo cost savings expand to approximately $1.4 billion for existing customers through Alphabet and Amazon collaboration Raising 2026-2033 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate to 9%-10% Reaffirming 2026 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance reflecting approximately 8% year-over-year growth at the midpoint MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 of $510.7 million, or $1.06 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $474.8 million, or $1.00 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2025. NiSource also reported first quarter 2026 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $509.6 million, or $1.06 of consolidated adjusted EPS, compared to consolidated non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $462.3 million, or $0.98 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2025. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming its 2026 non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance of $2.02-$2.07 and raising its consolidated compound annual growth rate (CAGR) with respect to non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS to 9%-10% from 2026 through 2033. We are off to a strong start in 2026, continuing to execute on our strategy and deliver value for our customers, communities, and shareholders, said President and CEO Lloyd Yates. We are seeing the impact of our GenCo model through new and expanded collaboration with Alphabet and Amazon, which together are expected to deliver approximately $1.4 billion in customer value, drive economic development across Indiana, strengthen our grid and position NiSource to reliably serve the growing energy demand. None of this would be possible without the continued dedication of our employees and partners as we work together to deliver safe, reliable service. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. Commencing in 2026, the company began to present base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS. As presented, guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS, including annual base plan adjusted EPS growth, excludes, in addition to the items historically excluded from adjusted EPS, the impact of data center operations and development activities relating to provision of electric service to current and future data center or other large load customers. The company provides guidance regarding base plan adjusted EPS because it expects that the earnings from its data center operations and development activities will experience a different growth profile compared to the base plan adjusted EPS growth. Providing guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS growth, together with guidance regarding consolidated adjusted EPS growth, provides investors with the same information that management considers to evaluate the company s ongoing business performance and provide greater transparency into the performance of different aspects of our business that are impacted by distinct trends and factors. Consolidated adjusted EPS represents base plan adjusted EPS together with adjusted EPS from our data center operations and development activities. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on base plan adjusted EPS or consolidated adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP base plan adjusted EPS guidance or its non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website, www.nisource.com, and the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). NI-F ### 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Sec

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-26-000026_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20251231.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 11, 2026 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces full-year 2025 results Achieved 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS above guidance range Exceeded 2025 non-GAAP FFO Debt guidance range Reaffirming 2026 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming 2026-2033 consolidated non-GAAP adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate of 8%-9% MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2025 of $929.5 million, or $1.95 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $739.7 million, or $1.62 of earnings per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2024. NiSource also reported full-year 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $905.2 million, or $1.90 of adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $798.6 million, or $1.75 of adjusted EPS, for the year ended December 31, 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming its 2026 non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance of $2.02 $2.07. The company expects to invest approximately $28.0 billion from 2026 2030 under its consolidated capital plan, which includes utility system modernization initiatives and nearly $7.0 billion in strategic data center infrastructure investments. This consolidated investment plan is expected to support an anticipated compound annual growth rate (CAGR) with respect to non GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS of 8%-9% and consolidated rate base growth of 9%-11% from 2026 through 2033. We closed 2025 with significant momentum, delivering on our commitments and advancing a diversified portfolio that spans natural gas, electric, renewables, and a transformative data center project, said NiSource President and CEO Lloyd Yates. It s been a strong year, highlighted by delivering a landmark data center agreement with Amazon and a novel solution that flows back more than $1 billion in savings to retail customers in a differentiated and impactful way. This approach ensures affordability remains top of mind as we continue driving disciplined O M performance and leveraging technology to improve efficiency. Our pipeline of opportunities remains robust, positioning us for continued growth. With major infrastructure investments underway and an innovative agreement in place, we re building a resilient, future ready grid that supports economic development across our footprint. I want to thank our employees and partners for their dedication together, we re driving sustainable value for customers and shareholders. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders, adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. Commencing in 2026, the company will begin to present base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS. As presented, guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS, including annual base plan adjusted EPS growth, excludes, in addition to the items historically excluded from adjusted EPS, the impact of data center operations and development activities relating to provision of electric service to current and future data center or other large load customers. The company provides guidance regarding base plan adjusted EPS because it expects that the earnings from its data center operations and development activities will experience a different growth profile compared to the base plan adjusted EPS growth. Providing guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS growth, together with guidance regarding consolidated adjusted EPS growth, will provide investors with the same information that management considers to evaluate the company s ongoing business performance and provide greater transparency into the performance of different aspects of our business that are impacted by distinct trends and factors. Consolidated adjusted EPS represents base plan adjusted EPS together with adjusted EPS from our data center operations and development activities. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on base plan adjusted EPS or consolidated adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP base plan adjusted EPS guidance or its non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the year ended December 31, 2025, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website, www.nisource.com, and the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes 

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000054_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20250930.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE October 29, 2025 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces third quarter results Reaffirming upper half of 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Introducing 2026 non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance Extending base plan expected non-GAAP adjusted EPS annual growth guidance of 6%-8% to 2026-2030 Introducing 2026-2033 consolidated non-GAAP adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate of 8%-9% Announcing consolidated capital expenditure plan of $28.0 billion, inclusive of $7.0 billion of capital investment related to data centers MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2025, of $94.7 million, or $0.20 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $85.7 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, on a GAAP basis, NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $671.7 million, or $1.42 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $515.8 million, or $1.14 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. NiSource also reported third quarter 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $91.8 million, or $0.19 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ), compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $89.9 million, or $0.20 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, NiSource's non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $656.0 million, or $1.38 of adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $567.4 million, or $1.26 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming the upper half of its 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance of $1.85-$1.89. In 2026, non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.02-$2.07. NiSource is extending its base capital plan to 2030, with base plan non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth expected to be 6%-8% annually, driven by $21.0 billion in base plan capital expenditures and 8%-10% rate base growth from 2026 to 2030. The newly consolidated capital expenditure plan of $28.0 billion total is approximately $8.6 billion more than the prior five-year plan, fueled by nearly $7.0 billion in strategic data center investments. This marks a 45% increase and supports an expected consolidated non-GAAP adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 8%-9% for 2026 through 2033. This is an exciting moment for NiSource, said President and CEO Lloyd Yates. With GenCo approved and our new data center agreement in place, we re advancing transformative growth 1 while protecting customers from the costs of large-load development, reinforcing that customer affordability remains at the heart of our strategy. This project ensures growth pays for growth, energizes Indiana s economy, and strengthens our ability to deliver reliable service through a more resilient, future-ready grid. I want to thank our employees and contractors for their outstanding dedication, Yates added. Their work continues to drive meaningful value for our customers, regulators, and shareholders. We re proud to lead the way in responsible growth, demonstrating how thoughtful stakeholder engagement and innovative regulatory structures can unlock transformative opportunities. We re proud to lead the way in advancing economic development while maintaining the integrity of our financial plan. 2 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. Commencing in 2026, the company will begin to present base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS. As presented herein, guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS, including annual base plan adjusted EPS growth, excludes, in addition to the items historically excluded from adjusted EPS, the impact of data center operations and development activities relating to provision of electric service to current and future data center customers in NIPSCO s Indiana service territory. The company is providing guidance regarding base plan adjusted EPS because it expects that the earnings from its data center operations and development activities described above will experience a different growth profile compared to the base plan adjusted EPS growth. Providing guidance with respect to base plan adjusted EPS growth, together with guidance regarding consolidated adjusted EPS growth, will provide investors with the same information that management considers to evaluate the company s ongoing business performance and provide greater transparency into the performance of different aspects of our business that are impacted by distinct trends and factors. Consolidated adjusted EPS represents base plan adjusted EPS together with adjusted EPS from our data center operations and development activities described above. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, base plan adjusted EPS and consolidated adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP base plan adjusted EPS guidance or its non-GAAP consolidated adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Infor

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000035_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20250630.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 6, 2025 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors media nisource.com investors nisource.com NiSource announces second quarter results 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance narrowed to upper half of range Reaffirming expected annual 6%-8% 2025-2029 non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended June 30, 2025, of $102.2 million, or $0.22 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $85.8 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $577.0 million, or $1.22 diluted earnings per share, compare to net income available to common shareholders of $430.1 million, or $0.95 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2024. NiSource also reported second quarter 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $101.9 million, or $0.22 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $94.7 million, or $0.21 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, NiSource's non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $564.2 million, or $1.19 adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $477.5 million, or $1.06 adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is narrowing 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the upper half of $1.85-$1.89. Annual rate base growth of 8%-10% and non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6%-8% annually is driven by $19.4 billion of capital expenditures for the 2025-2029 period. Our dedicated team of employees and contractors work hard to serve our customers and communities every day. As we look ahead, we remain focused on strong execution of our strategy and operations, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Our base capital plan includes critical investments to ensure reliability for our customers and the increased 2025 earnings expectations is driven by our dedication and ability to deliver on our financial commitments while supporting the growth and reliability of our systems. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted EPS due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures, which may be material. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). NI-F ### 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, targets, forecast, and continue, reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000019_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20250331.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 7, 2025 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Kristen King Investor Relations Finance Communications investors nisource.com (380) 268-3023 kking nisource.com NiSource announces first quarter results Reaffirming 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming expected annual 6%-8% 2025-2029 non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, of $474.8 million, or $1.00 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $344.3 million, or $0.77 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2024. NiSource also reported first quarter 2025 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $462.3 million, or $0.98 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $382.8 million, or $0.85 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2024. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance of $1.85-$1.89 as well as 8%-10% rate base growth and non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6%-8% annually for the 2025-2029 period. The NiSource team is working hard to execute on plans for the growth and sustainability of our business and provide safe, reliable service to our customers, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Our first quarter results are yet another demonstration of our strong business fundamentals. Despite market conditions and other forces beyond our control, the longevity of our plan is enduring and our investments are resilient. I d like to thank our committed employees and contractors for their ongoing efforts to ensure our communities are safe and receive reliable energy. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). NI-F ### 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, targets, forecast, and continue, reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable however, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations discussed in this Press Release include, among other things our ability to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities, such as data center development and related generation sources and trans

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-25-000006_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20241231.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 12, 2025 NiSource announces full-year 2024 results Achieved 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS above guidance range Raising 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming expected annual 6%-8% 2025-2029 non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2024, of $739.7 million, or $1.62 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $661.7 million, or $1.48 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported full-year 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $798.6 million, or $1.75 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $716.3 million, or $1.60 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is raising 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to $1.85-$1.89. The base capital expenditure plan is increased to $19.4 billion, a $100 million increase versus the prior $19.3 billion. This is expected to result in 8%-10% rate base growth and non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6%-8% annually for the 2025-2029 period. We continue our track record of strong financial growth achieving 2024 non-GAAP EPS of $1.75, delivering an 8.5% 3-year compound annualized growth rate, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Our on-going focus to deliver great value for our customers is evidenced by high customer satisfaction results. As we look back at 2024 and the many accomplishments of our team, I d like to express my gratitude to our employees and suppliers their continued contributions and commitment have created significant value for our regulators, customers, shareholders, and all our stakeholders. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the year ended December 31, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com and includes segment and financial information and a presentation. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,700 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Kristen King Christopher Turnure Finance Communications Investor Relations (419) 787-1314 (614) 404-9426 kking nisource.com cturnure nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including may, will, should, could, would, aims, seeks, expects, plans, anticipates, intends

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000041_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_2024930.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE October 30, 2024 NiSource announces third quarter 2024 results Reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Introducing 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance and extending expected annual 6-8% growth to 2025-2029 Updating 5-year capital expenditure base plan to $19.3 billion MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2024, of $85.7 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $77.0 million, or $0.17 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, on a GAAP basis NiSource's net income available to common shareholders was $515.8 million, or $1.14 diluted earning per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $436.1 million, or $0.98 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported third quarter 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $89.9 million, or $0.20 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $83.7 million, or $0.19 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, NiSource's non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $567.4 million, or $1.26 adjusted EPS, compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $477.0 million, or $1.07 adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70-1.74. In 2025 non-GAAP adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.84-1.88. NiSource is extending its plan to 2029 with non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth expected to be 6-8% annually, driven by $19.3 billion 2025-2029 base plan capital expenditures and 8-10% 2025-2029 rate base growth. The new base capital expenditure plan is approximately $2.9 billion larger than the prior 5-year plan. Over the last 3 months we saw several examples of the constructive stakeholder partnerships that differentiate the NiSource family of companies. We are making progress in our rate cases, advanced NIPSCO Integrated Resource Plan (IRP) dialogue and received approvals for several Indiana investments that will improve reliability and lower costs to customers. These and future partnerships are the foundation for our updated 5-year financial plan and the extension of our elevated investment opportunity. I am as proud as ever of our employees and contractors for their continuing outstanding execution. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations. This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,400 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Kristen King Christopher Turnure Finance Communications Investor Relations (419) 787-1314 (614) 404-9426 kking nisource.com cturnure nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securiti

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000031_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_2024630.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 7, 2024 NiSource announces second quarter 2024 results Reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming 2023-2028 annual non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6-8% MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended June 30, 2024, of $85.8 million, or $0.19 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $39.9 million, or $0.09 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported second quarter 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $94.7 million, or $0.21 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $50.3 million, or $0.11 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures. ** NiSource is reaffirming 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70-1.74 as well as annual 6-8% adjusted EPS growth and annual 8-10% rate base growth* for the 2023-2028 period. The 2024-2028 base capital expenditure plan is $16.4 billion. During the second quarter NiSource placed the Cavalry Solar Storage project into service and reported strong earnings results, executing our investment plan and delivering consistent shareholder returns. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Implementation of capital trackers as well as progress on renewable project approvals and our integrated resource planning process are continuing evidence of the superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation that make this possible. In July, our team was put to the test in responding to a major windstorm in our Indiana service area. I want to thank our employees and contractors for their preparation and around-the-clock response in restoring service to our communities. *core business rate base growth select years may exceed range 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations. This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,400 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Christopher Beard Christopher Turnure Corporate Media Relations Investor Relations (224) 399-5705 (614) 404-9426 cbeard nisource.com cturnure nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our 2024 guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expre

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000019_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_2024331.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 8, 2024 NiSource announces first quarter 2024 results Reaffirming 2024 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance Reaffirming 2023-2028 annual non-GAAP adjusted EPS growth of 6-8% MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, net income available to common shareholders for the three months ended March 31, 2024, of $344.3 million, or $0.77 of earnings per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $319.2 million, or $0.71 of earnings per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. NiSource also reported first quarter 2024 non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $382.8 million, or $0.85 of adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income available to common shareholders of $343.0 million, or $0.77 of adjusted EPS, for the same period of 2023. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures.** NiSource is reaffirming 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70-1.74 as well as annual 6-8% adjusted EPS growth and annual 8-10% rate base growth* for the 2023-2028 period. The 2024-2028 base capital expenditure plan is increased to $16.4 billion, a $400 million increase versus the prior $16 billion. Today s first quarter 2024 earnings results and regulatory progress underscore our ability to deliver on stakeholder commitments, said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. We are adding to our base capex plan without incremental equity issuance, once again demonstrating the improving position and flexibility of our balance sheet and its ability to support our portfolio of organic investment opportunities. The tireless effort of our employees and contractors makes this possible and continues to drive improved value and reliability of service for our nearly four million customers. *core business rate base growth select years may exceed range 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, NiSource Inc. changed its disclosure of non-GAAP results and guidance for net operating earnings available to common shareholders to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and for net operating EPS to adjusted EPS to better align with the presentation used by many companies to report their non-GAAP results. The change reflects a name change only and the calculations of each of these non-GAAP metrics remains consistent with the historical calculations. This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted EPS, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. The company includes these measures because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on adjusted EPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on adjusted net income available to commons shareholders due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance on a GAAP basis. In addition, the company is not able to provide a reconciliation of its non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance to the comparable GAAP equivalents without unreasonable efforts. Additional Information Additional information for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, is available on the Investors section of www.nisource.com, including segment and financial information and a presentation, as well as NiSource s social media channels. The company alerts investors that it intends to use the Investors section of its website www.nisource.com and as well as the company s social media channels to disseminate important information about the company to its investors. Investors are advised to look at NiSource s website and its social media channels for future important information about the company. About NiSource NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.3 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The mission of our approximately 7,400 employees is to deliver safe, reliable energy that drives value to our customers. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and is on Forbes lists of America s Best Employers for Women and Diversity. Learn more about NiSource s record of leadership in sustainability, investments in the communities it serves and how we live our vision to be an innovative and trusted energy partner at www.NiSource.com. NI-F The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this document or any other report or document NiSource files with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). ### 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Media Investors Christopher Beard Christopher Turnure Michael Weisenburger Corporate Media Relations Investor Relations Investor Relations (224) 399-5705 (614) 404-9426 (614) 202-2595 cbeard nisource.com cturnure nisource.com mweisenburger nisource.com Forward-Looking Statements This Press Release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. Any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our 2024 guidance on adjusted EPS, plans, strategies, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. Expressions of future goals and exp

=== [ER] edgar_0001111711-24-000009_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ni-ex991_20231231.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 21, 2024 NiSource announces fourth quarter 2023 results Achieved 2023 non-GAAP NOEPS at top end of guidance range Raising 2024 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to $1.70-1.74 from $1.68-1.72 Reaffirming 6-8% annual 2023-2028 non-GAAP NOEPS growth Successfully closed NIPSCO minority interest transaction in December MERRILLVILLE, Ind . - NiSource Inc. (NYSE NI) today announced, on a GAAP basis, 2023 net income available to common shareholders of $661.7 million, or $1.48 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $749.0 million, or $1.70 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. NiSource also reported 2023 non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $716.3 million, or $1.60 diluted earnings per share, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings available to common shareholders of $648.2 million, or $1.47 diluted earnings per share, for the same period of 2022. Schedule 1 of this press release contains a complete reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures.** NiSource is raising 2024 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to $1.70-1.74 from $1.68-1.72. The 5-year $16 billion base capital expenditure plan drives 2023-2028 annual rate base growth* of 8-10% and annual non-GAAP NOEPS growth of 6-8%. Today s 2023 earnings achievement and increased 2024 NOEPS guidance range are a testament to the resiliency of our financial commitments and our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation. said NiSource President and CEO, Lloyd Yates. Meanwhile, the company s balance sheet is now strengthened and more flexible following the successful completion of the NIPSCO minority transaction in December. As we move through the winter season our more than 11,000 employees and contractors should be proud of their work providing safe and reliable service to our nearly four million customers. *core business rate base growth select years may exceed range 1 **Non-GAAP Disclosure Statement This press release includes financial results and guidance for NiSource with respect to net operating earnings available to common shareholders and diluted earnings per share (NOEPS), which is a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC. The company includes this measure because management believes they permit investors to view the company s performance using the same tools that management uses and to better evaluate the company s ongoing business performance. With respect to guidance on NOEPS, NiSource reminds investors that it does not provide a GAAP equivalent of its guidance on net operating earnings due to the impact of unpredictable factors such as fluctuations in weather, impact of asset sales and impairments and other unusual or infrequent items included in the comparable GAAP measures. The company is not able to estimate the impact of such factors on the comparable GAAP measures and, as such, is not providing guidance