=== ODFL_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. We may also be adversely impacted by other risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. Although the risks below are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Risks Related to our Business and Operations If we are unable to successfully execute our growth strategy, and develop, market and consistently deliver high-quality services that meet customer expectations, our business and future results of operations may suffer. Our growth strategy includes increasing the volume of freight moving through our existing service center network primarily by increasing our market share and selectively expanding our capacity in the United States. In connection with our growth strategy, at various times, we have consistently expanded and upgraded our service center network, purchased additional equipment and increased 6 our sales and marketing efforts, and we expect to continue to do so. Our growth strategy exposes us to a number of risks, including the following: shortages of suitable real estate may limit our growth and could cause congestion in our service center network, which could result in increased operating expenses; our projected freight volume growth may differ from actual results, and prior capital investments based on our projections may contribute to excess capacity that could negatively impact our profitability; growth may strain our management, capital resources, information systems and customer service; hiring new employees may increase training costs and may result in temporary inefficiencies until those employees become proficient in their jobs; competition for qualified employees could adversely affect our profitability; we may find it more difficult to maintain our unique OD Family culture, which we believe has been a key contributor to our success; expanding our service offerings may require us to enter into new markets and encounter new competitive challenges; and limited supply and increased costs of new equipment may adversely affect our profitability and cash flows. We cannot ensure that we will overcome the risks associated with our growth strategy. If we fail to overcome those risks, we may not realize projected growth and related revenue or profits from our efforts, we may incur additional expenses and, as a result, our financial position and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Various economic factors such as inflationary pressures or downturns in the domestic economy could adversely impact our profitability and cash flows. Inflationary pressures have been significant in the United States in recent years. Inflation impacts the cost to operate our business by putting upward pressure on wages, benefits, real estate, equipment, fuel, parts and repairs, insurance, and other general and miscellaneous expenses. If we are unable to sufficiently increase our customer rates to offset the increase in our costs, our profitability and cash flows could be materially affected. In recent years, we have experienced lower freight volumes due to continued softness in the domestic economy. Decreased demand for LTL freight services can negatively impact shipment volume and lower weight per shipment, which in turn can negatively impact freight density in our network. Reduced freight density in our network can have a deleveraging impact on fixed costs, including depreciation and other indirect costs as a percent of revenue, which can adversely impact our profitability and cash flows. Changes in our relationships with significant customers, including the loss or reduction in business from one or more of them, could have an adverse impact on our business. We do not believe the loss of any one customer would materially impact our business and revenue growth due to the diversity of our customer base. We do, however, have a number of customers whose demand for our services is tied to the broader domestic economy that could, collectively, impact our business and potential revenue growth. These customers could experience a decrease in production due to a decrease in the demand for their products, as a result of a decline in the U.S. economy or other global economic factors. They could also use other LTL providers or other modes of transportation, such as truckload and intermodal, in response to capacity, service and pricing issues. Finally, unfavorable publicity about us or our employees, particularly given the current environment of instantaneous communication and social media outlets, could damage our reputation and result in these customers reducing their demand for our services. If these factors resulted in a reduction or loss of business from these customers, there could be a material impact on our business and revenue growth. Insurance and claims expenses could significantly reduce our profitability. We are exposed to a variety of claims, including but not limited to those related to cargo loss and damage, property damage, personal injury, workers compensation and healthcare. We have insurance coverage with third-party insurance carriers, but we assume a significant portion of the risk associated with these claims due to our self-insured retentions and deductibles. Our operating results could be adversely affected if any of the following were to occur: (i) the number or the severity of claims increases; (ii) we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because claims prove to be more severe than our original assessment; or (iii) claims exceed our coverage amounts. If claims exceed our self-insured retention or deductible levels, insurance companies exit the 7 transportation insurance marketplace, or insurance market conditions change, insurers could raise premiums for excess coverage to cover their expenses and anticipated future losses. Coverage also may not be procured or be unavailable for certain claims. In addition, insurance companies generally require us to collateralize our self-insured retention or deductible levels. If these collateralization requirements increase, our borrowing capacity could be adversely affected. Reductions in the available supply or increases in the cost of equipment and parts may adversely impact our profitability and cash flows. We have previously experienced difficulties in purchasing equipment and parts for repair due to decreased supply and increased costs, and may experience such difficulties in the future. Investment in new equipment is a significant part of our annual capital expenditures and we require an available supply of tractors, trailers, and other freight handling equipment from manufacturers to operate and grow our business. We may also be subject to shortages in raw materials that are required for the production of critical operating equipment and supplies, such as shortages in rubber or steel. Tractor and trailer manufacturers have previously experienced shortages of various component parts and supplies, forcing many manufacturers to reduce or suspend their production, which led to a lower supply of tractors, trailers, and other equipment, higher prices, and lengthened trade cycles. In addition, the availability and price of our equipment may also be adversely affected in the future by regulations on newly manufactured equipment and engines. These regulations, the limited equipment availability, and other supply chain factors have resulted and could continue to result in higher prices for new equipment and related maintenance parts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly our maintenance expense, depreciation expense, capital expenditures, mileage productivity, and driver retention. Higher costs for or limited availability of suitable real estate may adversely affect our business operations. Our business model is dependent on the cost and availability of service centers in key strategic areas. We have experienced higher costs to purchase, lease and/or build or renovate service centers as a result of inflation, supply chain issues, increased raw material and labor costs, and higher demand for and reduced supply of such service centers. Shortages in the availability of suitable real estate or delays in obtaining necessary permits or approvals may result in significant additional costs to purchase, lease and/or build or renovate additional necessary service centers, increase our operating expenses, restrict our ability to grow existing markets or expand into new markets and/or prevent us from efficiently serving certain markets. Our growth may be limited by the availability and cost of third-party transportation used to supplement our workforce and equipment needs. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to maintain adequate capacity throughout our service center network to support the transportation service needs of our customers. In order to maintain adequate capacity to support our customers demand for our services we may, from time to time, utilize third-party transportation services to supplement the capacity of our workforce and fleet. If we are unable to find suitable third-party transportation service providers that meet our high service-delivery standards at a reasonable cost, when needed, our revenue growth and financial results may be adversely impacted. We may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in the availability and price of diesel fuel. Diesel fuel is a critical component of our operations and a significant operating expense for our business. Fluctuations in prices and availability of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Diesel fuel prices and fuel availability can be impacted by factors beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters; adverse weather conditions; political events; disruption or failure of technology or information systems; price and supply decisions by oil producing countries and cartels; effect of any international conflicts; armed conflict; terrorist activities; world supply and demand imbalances; changes in refining capacity; changes in governmental policy concerning fuel production, transportation, taxes or marketing; tariffs; sanctions; public and investor sentiment; and quotas or other changes to trade agreements. We maintain fuel storage and pumping facilities at many of our service center locations; however, we may be susceptible to fuel shortages at certain locations that could cause us to incur additional expense to ensure adequate supply on a timely basis and to prevent a disruption to our service schedules. An interruption in the supply of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We do not hedge against the risk of diesel fuel price increases. An increase in diesel fuel prices or diesel fuel taxes, or any change in federal or state regulations that results in such an increase, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We have fuel surcharge programs in place with a majority of our customers, which help offset the negative impact of the increased cost of diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. However, we also incur fuel costs that cannot be recovered even with respect to customers with which we maintain fuel surcharge programs, such as those costs associated with empty miles. Because our fuel surcharge recovery lags behind changes in fuel prices, our fuel surcharge recovery may not capture the increased costs we pay for fuel, 8 especially when prices are rising, leading to fluctuations in our levels of reimbursement. We regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including fuel surcharges, and address individual account profitability issues with our customers when necessary; however, there can be no assurance that fuel surcharges can be maintained indefinitely or will be sufficiently effective in offsetting increases in diesel fuel prices. Our results of operations may be affected by seasonal factors, harsh weather conditions and disasters. Our operations are subject to seasonal trends common in our industry. Our revenue and operating margins in the first and fourth quarters are typically lower than those during the second and third quarters due to reduced shipments, decreased fuel efficiency, increased cold-weather related maintenance costs of revenue equipment, and increased insurance and claims costs during the winter months. Harsh weather or natural disasters, including but not limited to hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, earthquakes and storms, can also adversely impact our performance by disrupting freight shipments or routes, destroying our assets, disrupting fuel supplies, increasing fuel costs, increasing maintenance costs, reducing demand and negatively impacting the business or financial condition of our customers, any of which could harm our results of operations or make our results of operations more volatile. We have significant ongoing cash requirements that could limit our growth and affect our profitability if we are unable to obtain sufficient capital. Our business is highly capital intensive. As further described in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we generally finance our capital expenditures and planned growth with existing cash, cash flows from operations, issuance of debt (including pursuant to our note purchase and private shelf agreement) and through available borrowings under our existing senior unsecured credit agreement. We may require additional capital to finance long-term real estate purchase opportunities and acquisitions, which we may fund through additional debt or through equity offerings. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operations or raise capital by accessing the debt and equity markets, we may be forced to limit our growth and operate our equipment for longer periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Our business also has significant ongoing operating cash requirements. If our cash requirements are high or our cash flows from operations is low during particular periods, we may need to seek additional financing, which could be costly or difficult to obtain. A decrease in the demand and value of used equipment may impact our results of operations. As we purchase new tractors and trailers as part of our normal replacement cycle each year, we rely on the used equipment market to dispose of our older equipment. Oversupply in the transportation industry as well as adverse domestic and foreign economic conditions can negatively impact the demand for used equipment and, therefore, reduce the value we can obtain on our used equipment. If we are unable to sell our older equipment at or above our salvage value, the resulting losses could have a significant impact on our results of operations. We may be unable to successfully consummate and integrate acquisitions. In the future, we may seek to acquire other LTL carriers as well as other complementary businesses. Exploration of potential acquisitions requires significant attention from our management team. In addition, we expect to compete for acquisition opportunities with other companies, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do. We cannot ensure that we will have sufficient cash to consummate an acquisition or otherwise be able to obtain financing under acceptable terms - or obtain financing at all - for an acquisition. If we are unable to access sufficient funding for potential acquisitions, we may not be able to complete transactions that we otherwise find advantageous. Any acquisition will entail numerous risks, including: we may not achieve anticipated levels of revenue, efficiency, cash flows and profitability; we may experience difficulties managing businesses that are outside our historical core competency and markets; we may underestimate the resources required to support acquisitions, which could disrupt our ongoing business and distract our management; we may incur unanticipated costs to our infrastructure to support new business lines or separate legal entities; we may be required to temporarily match existing customer pricing in the acquiree s markets, which may be lower than the rates that we would typically charge for our services; liabilities we assume could be greater than our original estimates or may not be disclosed to us at the time of acquisition; 9 we may incur additional indebtedness or we may issue additional equity to finance future acquisitions, which could be dilutive to our shareholders; potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company; and an inability to recognize projected cost savings and economies of scale. In addition, we may have difficulty integrating any acquired business and its operations, services and personnel into our existing operations, and such integration may require a significant amount of time and effort by our management team. To the extent we do not successfully avoid or overcome the risks or problems resulting from any acquisitions we undertake, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to various risks arising from our international business operations and relationships, which could adversely affect our business. We arrange for transportation and logistics services to and from various international locations and are subject to both the risks of conducting international business and the requirements of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ). Failure to comply with the FCPA may result in legal claims against us. In addition, we face other risks associated with international operations and relationships, which may include restrictive trade policies, the renegotiation of international trade agreements, imposition of duties, taxes or government royalties imposed by foreign governments, which could adversely affect our business. Anti-terrorism measures and terrorist events may disrupt our business. Federal, state and municipal authorities have implemented and are continuing to implement various anti-terrorism measures, including checkpoints and travel restrictions on large trucks. If additional security measures disrupt or impede the timing of our deliveries, we may fail to meet the requirements of our customers or incur increased expenses to do so. There can be no assurance that new anti-terrorism measures will not be implemented and that such measures will not have a material adverse effect on our operations. Risks Related to our Industry We operate in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry, and our business will suffer if we are unable to adequately address potential downward pricing pressures and other factors that may adversely affect our operations and profitability. Our industry, faced with requirements for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments, is rapidly evolving and increasingly competitive. Numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain our current profitability. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: we compete with other transportation service providers of varying sizes, some of which may have more equipment, a broader global network and brand recognition, a wider range of services, more fully developed information technology systems, greater capital resources or other competitive advantages; some of our competitors may reduce their prices to gain business, especially during times of reduced growth rates in the economy, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase prices or maintain revenue; we may be unable to continue to collect fuel surcharges or our fuel surcharge program may become ineffective in mitigating the impact of the fluctuating costs of fuel and other petroleum-based products; many customers reduce the number of carriers they use by selecting core carriers as approved transportation service providers and we may not be selected; many customers periodically accept bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, and this process may depress prices or result in the loss of some business to competitors; some shippers may choose to acquire their own trucking fleet or may choose to increase the volume of freight they transport if they have an existing trucking fleet; some customers may choose to consolidate certain LTL shipments through a different mode of transportation, such as truckload, intermodal or rail; some customers may perceive our sustainability profile to be less robust than that of our competitors, which could influence the selection of their carrier; 10 our customers may manage their inventory levels more closely to a just-in-time basis, which may increase our costs and adversely affect our ability to meet our customers needs; consolidation in the ground transportation industry may create other large carriers with greater financial resources to use in operations and other competitive advantages relating to their size; advances in technology require increased investments to remain competitive, technological transitions may cause operational challenges and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the cost of these investments; large transportation and e-commerce companies are making significant investments in their capabilities to compete with us; competition from non-asset-based logistics and freight brokerage companies may adversely affect our customer relationships and ability to maintain sufficient pricing; and our existing or future competitors may adopt emerging or additional technologies that improve their operating effectiveness, which could negatively affect our ability to remain competitive. If we are unable to effectively compete with other LTL carriers, whether on the basis of price, service, brand recognition or otherwise, we may be unable to retain existing customers or attract new customers, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, continued merger and acquisition or other transaction activity in transportation and logistics could result in stronger or new competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to compete successfully in an increasingly consolidated LTL industry and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us. Changes in international trade policies, including with respect to tariffs, may continue to adversely impact our customers, our industry and our business. The U.S. government has taken certain actions that have negatively impacted U.S. trade, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States, and several foreign governments have imposed tariffs on certain goods imported from the United States. These changes in trade policy and tariffs have decreased demand for our services and have caused uncertainty and volatility in financial markets and may continue to adversely impact our customers, our industry and our business. Any further changes in U.S. or international trade policy could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in trade wars and increased costs for goods transported globally, which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay tariffs or address other anti-trade measures increase their prices, or in trading partners limiting their trade with countries that impose such measures. If these consequences are realized, the volume of global economic activity may be significantly reduced. Such a reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of our common stock. Our customers and suppliers businesses may be impacted by various economic factors such as recessions, inflation, downturns in the economy, global uncertainty and instability, changes in U.S. social, political, and regulatory conditions and/or a disruption of financial markets, which may decrease demand for our services or increase our costs. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally, such as high inflation, continued high interest rates and slower economic growth has, and may continue to, negatively affect our customers business levels, the amount of transportation services they need, their ability to pay for our services and overall freight levels, any of which might impair our asset utilization. Additionally, uncertainty and instability in the global economy or widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease or public health crisis, as we saw with the COVID-19 pandemic, may lead to fewer goods being transported and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Customers encountering adverse economic conditions, including as a result of current inflationary pressures, may be unable to obtain additional financing or financing under acceptable terms. These customers represent a greater potential for bad debt losses, which may require us to increase our reserve for bad debt. Economic conditions resulting in bankruptcies of a concentration of our customers could have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. Further, when adverse economic times arise, customers may select competitors that offer lower rates in an attempt to lower their costs, and we might be forced to lower our rates or lose freight volumes. Our suppliers business levels also may be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and changes in the political and regulatory environment, both in the U.S. and internationally, or financial constraints, which could lead to disruptions in the workforce, 11 supply and availability of equipment, parts and services critical to our operations. A significant interruption in our normal supply chain could disrupt our operations, increase our costs and negatively impact our ability to serve our customers. Risks Related to Labor Matters If our employees were to unionize, our operating costs would increase and our ability to compete would be impaired. None of our employees are currently represented under a collective bargaining agreement. However, from time to time there have been efforts to organize our employees at various service centers. Further, Congress or one or more states could approve legislation and/or the National Labor Relations Board could render decisions or implement rule changes that could significantly affect our business and our relationship with our employees, including actions that could substantially liberalize the procedures for union organization. In addition, we can offer no assurance that the Department of Labor will not adopt new regulations or interpret existing regulations in a manner that would favor the agenda of unions, or that our employees will not unionize in the future, particularly if continued regulatory changes facilitate unionization. The unionization of our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations because: restrictive work rules could hamper our efforts to improve and sustain operating efficiency; restrictive work rules could impair our service reputation and limit our ability to provide next-day services; a strike or work stoppage could negatively impact our profitability and could damage customer and employee relationships; shippers may limit their use of unionized trucking companies because of the threat of strikes and other work stoppages; and an election and bargaining process could divert management s time and attention from our overall objectives and impose significant expenses. Increases in employee compensation and benefit packages used to attract and retain qualified employees, including drivers and maintenance technicians, and addressing general labor market challenges could adversely affect our profitability, our ability to maintain or grow our fleet and our ability to maintain our customer relationships. In recent years, there have been periods of intense competition for qualified employees, specifically drivers, in the transportation industry resulting from a shortage of drivers and general labor market challenges. The extent and duration of the impact of these challenges are subject to numerous factors, including our stringent hiring standards, behavioral changes, prevailing wage rates and other benefits, health and other insurance costs, inflation, stability of overall economic environment, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations or government programs, and changing workforce demographics. As the available pool of qualified drivers has been declining, we have faced, and may continue to face, difficulty maintaining or increasing our number of drivers. Similarly, in recent years, there has been a decrease in the overall supply of skilled maintenance technicians, particularly new technicians with qualifications from technical programs and schools, which has made it more difficult, and may continue to make it more difficult, to attract and retain skilled technicians. The compensation and benefit packages we offer our drivers, technicians and other specialized employees are subject to market conditions that have required and may in the future require further increases in wages and benefits. If we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified