=== [ES] additional_1.html ===
Results and events | Unilever Skip to content Default Theme Default Light Dark What is a theme? (Opens in new window) Unilever Global Change location Menu Our company Skip to Latest news stories Back Our company At a glance We are a global consumer goods business, our brands touch billions of lives every day. Our leadership Our international leadership team drives our company, guides our strategy and leads our people. Innovation and R D Innovation is at the heart of everything we do within R D at Unilever. History Archives Our position on View Our company News Skip to Brands Back Latest news stories All news stories View our latest news, with options to search by topic or date. Press and media See the very latest from our press desk, plus media assets and contact details. Sign up for alerts from Unilever Be the first to hear about our press releases, features and articles. View Latest news stories Brands Skip to Sustainability Back Brands Our Business Groups Beauty Wellbeing Personal Care Home Care Foods Our brands Led by our Power Brands, we are meeting consumers’ daily needs, from household staples to premium indulgence. What s in our products? Discover the ingredients in our home, beauty and personal care products. View Brands Sustainability Skip to Suppliers Back Sustainability Climate The world must move further, faster to avoid the worst effects of climate change. Nature We’re committed to contributing to the protection and regeneration of nature, within and beyond our value chain. Plastics Given the size of the plastics challenge, we’re using our innovation capabilities to find new, scalable solutions. Livelihoods We’re working to improve the livelihoods of people in our global value chain. Responsible business Our progress and reporting on issues such as human rights, equity, diversity and inclusion, and safety. View Sustainability Suppliers Skip to Working at Unilever Back Suppliers Becoming a Unilever supplier We want to work with partners who share our purpose and values. See what’s involved. Partner to Win Our Partner to Win programme is taking our partnerships to a whole new level. Living Wage Supplier Programme We champion fair pay by ensuring a living wage for all employees and partnering with suppliers to extend this commitment across our supply chain. Supplier Climate Programme We re collaborating with key suppliers to reduce emissions from raw materials, ingredients and packaging by 2030, which will help us progress towards our net zero ambition. Terms and Conditions How to invoice us Report a concern View Suppliers Working at Unilever Investors Back Investors Why invest in Unilever Read about the reasons to invest in Unilever. Results and events Access information from financial announcements, presentations and events. Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Building for consistent, higher performance. Investor Centre Information for shareholders on our structure and listings as well as current and historic share prices. Corporate governance Regulatory announcements The Magnum Ice Cream Company demerger Contacts View Investors Search site Home Investors Current page: Results and events Results events Access information about our results, presentations and other events Latest results Upcoming results and events Results library Presentations and events Q1 2026 Trading Statement Unilever released its Q1 2026 Trading Statement on 30 April 2026. There was a webcast at 08:00 am (UK time) hosted by Fernando Fernandez (CEO) and Srinivas Phatak (CFO). A replay is now available. View webcast JavaScript must be enabled to view this content Key links Q1 2026 Full Announcement (PDF 342.85 KB) Q1 2026 Highlights (PDF 190.35 KB) Q1 2026 Presentation (PDF 2.64 MB) Q1 2026 Video Transcript (PDF 244.05 KB) Barclays: Fireside chat with Fernando Fernandez, CEO Fernando Fernandez, CEO participated in a Fireside Chat with Warren Ackerman, Head of European Consumer Staples Research at Barclays on the 8th of April 2026. A replay is now available. Consumer Analyst Group of New York Conference 2026 Fernando Fernandez, CEO and Srinivas Pathak, CFO presented at CAGNY 2026 Conference in Orlando on the 17th of February 2026. View details JP Morgan: Fireside Chat with Fernando Fernandez, CEO Fernando Fernandez, CEO participated in a Fireside Chat with Celine Pannuti, Head of Consumer Staples at JP Morgan on the 9 th of December 2025. A replay is now available. Accounting policies and restatements Back to top Share this page Share this page on Facebook Share this page on X Share this page on Linked In Share this page on E-mail Connect with us We re always looking to connect with those who share an interest in our products and brands. Connect with us on Facebook Connect with us on X Connect with us on LinkedIn Connect with us on Instagram Contact us Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world. Contact us What s in our products? Contact Legal notice UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Cookie Notice Privacy Notice Sitemap Search Jobs Accessibility Digital Sustainability This is Unilever s global company website © Unilever 2026 Cookie Settings () AbilityNet Have you got a few minutes to complete a survey? We would love to hear about your experience using Unilever.com.