=== [ES] additional_1.html ===
Results and events | Unilever Skip to content Default Theme Default Light Dark What is a theme? (Opens in new window) Unilever Global Change location Menu Our company Skip to Latest news stories Back Our company At a glance We are a global consumer goods business, our brands touch billions of lives every day. Our leadership Our international leadership team drives our company, guides our strategy and leads our people. Innovation and R D Innovation is at the heart of everything we do within R D at Unilever. History Archives Our position on View Our company News Skip to Brands Back Latest news stories All news stories View our latest news, with options to search by topic or date. Press and media See the very latest from our press desk, plus media assets and contact details. Sign up for alerts from Unilever Be the first to hear about our press releases, features and articles. View Latest news stories Brands Skip to Sustainability Back Brands Our Business Groups Beauty Wellbeing Personal Care Home Care Foods Our brands Led by our Power Brands, we are meeting consumers’ daily needs, from household staples to premium indulgence. What s in our products? Discover the ingredients in our home, beauty and personal care products. View Brands Sustainability Skip to Suppliers Back Sustainability Climate The world must move further, faster to avoid the worst effects of climate change. Nature We’re committed to contributing to the protection and regeneration of nature, within and beyond our value chain. Plastics Given the size of the plastics challenge, we’re using our innovation capabilities to find new, scalable solutions. Livelihoods We’re working to improve the livelihoods of people in our global value chain. Responsible business Our progress and reporting on issues such as human rights, equity, diversity and inclusion, and safety. View Sustainability Suppliers Skip to Working at Unilever Back Suppliers Becoming a Unilever supplier We want to work with partners who share our purpose and values. See what’s involved. Partner to Win Our Partner to Win programme is taking our partnerships to a whole new level. Living Wage Supplier Programme We champion fair pay by ensuring a living wage for all employees and partnering with suppliers to extend this commitment across our supply chain. Supplier Climate Programme We re collaborating with key suppliers to reduce emissions from raw materials, ingredients and packaging by 2030, which will help us progress towards our net zero a