=== KMI_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Energy Commodity Market Risk. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the factors described in this section and the other sections referenced above. We disclaim any obligation, other than as required by applicable law, to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. PART I Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties. We are one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in North America. As of December 31, 2025, we owned an interest in or operated approximately 78,000 miles of pipelines, 136 terminals, approximately 706 Bcf of working natural gas storage capacity, and RNG generation capacity of approximately 6.9 Bcf p er yea r of gross production. Our pipelines transport natural gas, refined petroleum products, crude oil, condensate, CO 2, renewable fuels, and other products, and our terminals store and handle various commodities including gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, chemicals, petroleum coke, metals, and ethanol and other renewable fuels and feedstocks. General Development of Business Recent Developments The following is a listing of significant developments and updates related to our major acquisition, divestiture, projects, and financing transactions. Capital Scope is estimated for our share of the described project and includes portions not yet completed. All expected in-service dates for projects listed below assume timely receipt and continued effectiveness of all necessary permits and approvals. Asset or project Description Activity Approx. Capital Scope (KMI Share) Acquisition or divestiture Gas gathering and processing system acquisition Acquisition of a natural gas gathering and processing system in North Dakota from Outrigger Energy II which includes a 0.27 Bcf/d processing facility and a 104-mile, large-diameter, high-pressure rich gas gathering header pipeline with 0.35 Bcf/d of capacity connecting supplies from the Williston Basin area to high-demand markets. Completed February 2025. $648 million EagleHawk divestiture Sold our 25% non-operated equity interest in EagleHawk. Completed December 2025. $382 million Projects placed in service TGP and SNG Evangeline Pass projects Two-phase 2 Bcf/d project serving Venture Global s Plaquemines LNG facility (Plaquemines). With the first phase, TGP is providing approximately 0.9 Bcf/d natural gas transportation capacity to Plaquemines. With the second phase, TGP and SNG is jointly providing volumes up to the remaining 1.1 Bcf/d to Plaquemines. Supported by a long-term contract. First phase placed in service in July 2024. Second phase placed in service in July 2025. $661 million Altamont Green River pipeline project Constructed 43 miles of 20-inch pipeline and associated compression providing approximately 0.15 Bcf/d of capacity from the Uinta basin to the Western Chipeta processing plant. Placed in service September 2025. $263 million Tejas South to North expansion South Texas to Houston Market expansion project. First phase added compression on Tejas mainline and second phase constructed 14 miles of pipeline looping. Combined these projects provide approximately 0.781 Bcf/d of capacity to key markets. Supported by long-term contracts. First phase placed in service in February 2025. Second phase placed in service in June 2025. $145 million 4 Asset or project Description Activity Approx. Capital Scope (KMI Share) Other Construction Projects Natural Gas Pipelines South System Expansion 4 (SSE4) Expansion project designed to increase SNG s South Line capacity by approximately 1.3 Bcf/d. Expansion will be completed in two phases and is almost entirely comprised of brownfield looping and horsepower compression additions on the SNG and Elba Express pipeline systems. Supported by long-term contracts. First phase expected in-service date is fourth quarter of 2028. Second phase expected in-service date is fourth quarter of 2029. $1,830 million Trident Intrastate pipeline project Project is designed to construct 216-mile pipeline which will provide approximately 2.0 Bcf/d of capacity from Katy, Texas to the LNG and industrial corridor near Port Arthur, Texas. Supported by long-term contracts. First phase expected in-service date is first quarter of 2027. Second phase expected in-service date is fourth quarter 2028. $1,799 million Mississippi Crossing project Project is designed to transport up to 2.1 Bcf/d of natural gas through the construction of approximately 208 miles of 42-inch and 36-inch pipeline and three new compressor stations. Project will originate near Greenville, Mississippi, and terminates near Butler, Alabama, with connections to the existing TGP system and third-party pipelines. Supported by long-term contracts. Expected in-service date is second quarter 2028. $1,703 million Florida Gas Transmission (FGT) projects Phase IX project designed to construct 82 miles of pipeline looping, as well as new and upgraded compressor station turbines, which will expand capacity to multiple locations across FGT s market area. South Florida project designed to construct 37-mile lateral to supply the South Florida area, along with compression and a new meter station. Combined, projects will provide approximately 0.8 Bcf/d of additional capacity. Both projects supported by long-term contracts. Phase IX expected in-service date is fourth quarter 2028 and South Florida project expected in-service date is first quarter 2030. $700 million KinderHawk Plantation North expansion New Plantation treating plant for an added 1.0 Bcf/d of treating at 3.75% CO 2, and four pipeline loop/expansions for hydraulic relief. Expected in-service date is fourth quarter of 2026. $516 million Elba Express Bridge project Project includes a 71-mile extension of Elba Express s pipeline system into South Carolina and is designed to provide 0.325 Bcf/d of firm transportation capacity. Supported by long-term contracts. Expected in-service date is second quarter of 2030. $430 million TVA Cumberland project Project includes a new 32-mile pipeline to transport approximately 0.245 Bcf/d of natural gas from the existing TGP system to Tennessee Valley Authority s (TVA) proposed 1,450 megawatt generation facility at an existing site in Cumberland, Tennessee. Supported by a long-term contract. Expected in-service date is first quarter of 2026. $231 million North Extension project Project to expand NGPL s natural gas transportation capacity from its existing Iowa-Illinois receipt zones to a new proposed interconnect in NGPL s market delivery zone. Project is designed to provide up to 0.21 Bcf/d of incremental firm transportation service. Supported by a long-term contract. Expected in-service date is fourth quarter of 2028. $170 million GCX pipeline expansion Expansion project designed to increase natural gas deliveries by 0.57 Bcf/d from the Permian Basin to South Texas markets. Supported by long-term contracts. Expected in-service date is second quarter of 2026. $161 million Hiland Express project (Double H Pipeline system conversion) Project to convert Double H Pipeline system from crude oil to NGL service, providing Williston Basin producers and midstream companies with pipeline capacity to key market hubs. Expected in-service date is first quarter of 2026. $158 million Pelican project Horsepower replacement project of existing units which will increase TGP s capacity in southeast Louisiana by 0.29 Bcf/d. Supported by a long-term contract. Expected in-service date is fourth quarter of 2027. $135 million 5 Asset or project Description Activity Approx. Capital Scope (KMI Share) Texas Access project (TAP) TAP is designed to provide KMLP shippers with firm transportation from Texas, including firm receipts from Trident Intrastate pipeline, to new and existing markets in South Louisiana. Supported by customer contracts with a new LNG customer for 1.0 Bcf/d of firm transportation. Expected in-service date is fourth quarter of 2028. $112 million CO 2 Diamond M expansion Enhanced oil recovery expansion at our Diamond M field that will result in peak oil production of approximately 5,400 Bbl/d. First phase placed in service in October 2024. Expected in-service for second and third phases is in 2026. Peak production of all three phases expected in 2027. $209 million Financings During 2025, we issued $1,850 million of new senior notes to repay short-term borrowings, to fund maturing debt and for general corporate purposes and repaid a combined $1,500 million of maturing senior notes. Narrative Description of Business Business Strategy Our business strategy is to: focus on stable, fee-based energy transportation and storage assets that are central to the energy infrastructure of growing markets within North America or served by U.S. exports; increase utilization of our existing assets while controlling costs, operating safely, and employing environmentally sound operating practices; exercise discipline in capital allocation decisions, including evaluating expansion projects and acquisition opportunities; leverage economies of scale through growth from asset expansions and acquisitions that fit within our strategy; and maintain a strong financial profile and enhance and return value to our stockholders. It is our intention to carry out the above business strategy, modified as necessary to reflect changing economic conditions and other circumstances. However, as discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors below and at the beginning of this report in Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , there are factors that could affect our ability to carry out our strategy or affect its level of success even if carried out. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and divestitures, and we are currently contemplating potential transactions. Any such transaction would be subject to negotiation of mutually agreeable terms and conditions, and, as applicable, receipt of fairness opinions, approval of our Board and regulatory approval. While there are currently no unannounced purchase or sale agreements for the acquisition or sale of any material business or assets, such transactions can be effected quickly, may occur at any time and may be significant in size relative to our existing assets or operations. Business Segments For financial information on our reportable business segments, see Note 15 Reportable Segments to our consolidated financial statements. 6 Natural Gas Pipelines Our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment includes interstate and intrastate pipelines, underground storage facilities, LNG liquefaction and terminal facilities, and NGL fractionation facilities, and includes both FERC regulated and non-FERC regulated assets. Our primary businesses in this segment consist of natural gas transportation, storage, sales, gathering, processing and treating, and various LNG services. Within this segment are: (i) approximately 42,000 miles of wholly owned natural gas pipelines and (ii) our equity interests in entities that have approximately 25,000 miles of natural gas pipelines, along with associated storage and supply lines for these transportation networks, which are strategically located throughout the North American natural gas pipeline grid. Our transportation network provides access to the major natural gas supply areas and consumers in the western U.S., Rocky Mountain, Midwest, Texas, Louisiana, Southeastern, and Northeast regions. Our LNG terminal facilities also serve natural gas market areas in the southeast. The following table summarizes our significant Natural Gas Pipelines business segment assets as of December 31, 2025. The design capacity represents transmission, gathering, regasification, or liquefaction capacity, depending on the nature of the asset. Asset Ownership Interest Miles of Pipeline Design (Bcf/d) [(MBbl/d)] Capacity Storage (Bcf) [Processing (Bcf/d)] Capacity East Region TGP(a) 100 % 11,760 14.56 76 NGPL 37.5 % 9,105 8.40 288 KMLP 100 % 140 3.89 Stagecoach 100 % 185 3.22 41 SNG(a) 50 % 6,830 4.39 66 Florida Gas Transmission (Citrus) 50 % 5,375 4.70 MEP 50 % 515 1.81 Elba Express 100 % 190 1.16 FEP 50 % 185 2.00 Gulf LNG Holdings 50 % 5 1.50 7 7 Asset Ownership Interest Miles of Pipeline Design (Bcf/d) [(MBbl/d)] Capacity Storage (Bcf) [Processing (Bcf/d)] Capacity SLNG 100 % 1.76 12 ELC 25.5 % 0.35 West Region EPNG/Mojave 100 % 10,725 6.41 44 CIG(b) 100 % 4,305 6.00 38 WIC 100 % 850 3.50 CPGPL 100 % 415 1.20 TransColorado 100 % 310 0.80 Sierrita 35 % 60 0.52 Young Gas Storage 47.5 % 15 6 Keystone Gas Storage 100 % 15 6 Midstream KM Texas and Tejas pipelines(c) 100 % 6,125 9.30 146 [0.52] Mier-Monterrey pipeline 100 % 90 0.65 KM North Texas pipeline 100 % 80 0.33 GCX 34 % 530 2.02 PHP 27.74 % 440 2.66 South Texas South Texas system 100 % 1,145 2.07 [1.02] Webb/Duval gas gathering system 91 % 145 0.20 Camino Real 100 % 75 0.15 KM Altamont 100 % 1,365 0.21 [0.10] Red Cedar 49 % 845 0.33 Rocky Mountain Fort Union 50 % 315 1.25 Bighorn 51 % 215 1.30 KinderHawk 100 % 585 2.40 Greenholly Gathering 39.25 % 40 1.15 KM Treating 100 % 40 Hiland Midstream 100 % 2,310 0.89 [0.60] Hiland Express 100 % 550 0.95 Eagle Ford Transmission system 100 % 170 1.42 NET Mexico 90 % 140 2.15 Dos Caminos 50 % 95 1.20 Mission Natural Gas 100 % 1 Liberty pipeline 50 % 85 [140] South Texas NGL pipelines(d) 100 % 340 [115] Utopia pipeline 50 % 265 [50] Cypress pipeline 50 % 105 [56] (a) Includes proportionate share of storage capacity from our Bear Creek Storage joint venture. (b) Includes leased pipeline miles and proportionate share of design and storage capacity from our WYCO joint venture. (c) Collectively referred to as Texas intrastate natural gas pipeline operations. (d) Includes proportionate share of design capacity from our Liberty pipeline joint venture. 8 Natural Gas Pipelines Segment Contracts Revenues from our interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines, related storage facilities, and LNG terminals are primarily received under long-term fixed contracts. To the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. These long-term contracts are typically structured with a fixed fee reserving the right to transport or store natural gas and specify that we receive the majority of our fee for making the capacity available, whether or not the customer actually chooses to utilize that capacity. As contracts expire, we have additional exposure to the longer term trends in supply and demand for natural gas. As of December 31, 2025, the remaining weighted average contract life of our natural gas transportation contracts held by assets we own or have equity interests in (including intrastate pipelines sales portfolio) was approximately seven years and our LNG regasification and liquefaction and associated storage contracts were subscribed under long-term agreements with a weighted average remaining contract life of approximately 12 years. The revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas, processing natural gas in order to remove NGL from the natural gas stream, and fractionating NGL into its base components, are mostly fee-based and are affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems. Such volumes are impacted by producer rig count and drilling activity. In addition to fee-based arrangements, some of which may include minimum volume commitments, we also provide some services based on percent-of-proceeds, percent-of-index, and keep-whole contracts. Our service contracts sometimes rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. Our natural gas marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of natural gas purchased either directly from producers or from others on the open market. Natural Gas Pipelines Segment Competition The market for natural gas infrastructure is highly competitive, and new pipelines, storage facilities, treating facilities, and facilities for related services are currently being built to serve demand for natural gas in the domestic and export markets served by the pipelines in our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment. We compete with interstate and intrastate pipelines for connections to new markets and supplies and for transportation, processing, storage, and treating services. We believe the principal elements of competition in our various markets are location, rates, terms of service, flexibility, availability of alternative forms of energy, and reliability of service. From time to time, projects are proposed that compete with our existing assets. Whether or when any such projects would be built, or the extent of their impact on our operations or profitability, is typically not known. Our customers who ship through our natural gas pipelines compete with other forms of energy available to their natural gas customers and end users, including oil, coal, nuclear, and renewables such as hydro, wind, and solar power, along with other evolving forms of renewable energy. Several factors influence the demand for natural gas, including price changes, the availability of supply, other forms of energy, the level of business activity, conservation, legislation and governmental regulations, the ability to convert to alternative fuels, and weather. 9 Products Pipelines Our Products Pipelines business segment consists of our refined petroleum products, crude oil, and condensate pipelines, and associated terminals, our condensate processing facility, and our transmix processing facilities. The following summarizes the significant Products Pipelines business segment assets that we owned and operated as of December 31, 2025: Asset Ownership Interest Miles of Pipeline Number of Terminals (a) or locations Terminal Capacity (MMBbl) Crude Condensate KM Crude Condensate pipeline 100 % 266 5 2.6 Camino Real Gathering 100 % 66 1 0.1 Hiland - Williston Basin - oil 100 % 1,662 7 0.8 Double Eagle pipeline 50 % 204 2 0.6 KM Condensate Processing Facility (Splitter) 100 % 1 2.1 Southeast Refined Products Products (SE) pipeline 51 % 3,181 Central Florida pipeline 100 % 206 2 2.6 Southeast Terminals 100 % 25 9.3 Transmix Operations 100 % 5 0.6 West Coast Refined Products Pacific (SFPP) 99.5 % 2,800 13 15.9 CALNEV 100 % 566 2 2.1 West Coast Terminals 100 % 38 8 10.1 (a) The terminals provide services including short-term product storage, truck loading, vapor handling, additive injection, dye injection, and ethanol blending. 10 Products Pipelines Segment Contracts The profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation business generally is driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. Included in the number of terminals above are refined products liquids terminals that store fuels and offer blending services for ethanol and biodiesel. The transportation and storage volume levels are primarily driven by the demand for the refined petroleum products being shipped or stored. Demand for refined petroleum products tends to follow trends in population and economic growth, and, with the exception of periods of time with very high product prices or recessionary conditions, demand tends to be relatively stable. Because of that, we seek to own refined petroleum products pipelines and terminals located in, or that transport to, stable or growing markets and population centers. The transportation rates we charge are generally based on regulated tariffs that are adjusted annually based on changes in the U.S. Producer Price Index and a FERC index rate. Our crude, condensate, and refined petroleum products transportation services are primarily provided pursuant to (i) FERC or state tariffs, which do not require contractual commitments, or (ii) long-term contracts that normally contain minimum volume commitments. Our petroleum condensate processing facility splits condensate into its various components, such as light and heavy naphtha, under a long-term fee-based agreement with a major integrated oil company. Our crude oil marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of crude oil and condensate purchased either directly from producers or from others on the open market. In general, sales prices referenced in underlying purchase and sales contracts are market-based and include pricing differentials for factors such as delivery location or crude oil quality. Products Pipelines Segment Competition Our Products Pipelines pipeline and terminal operations compete against proprietary pipelines and terminals owned and operated by major oil companies, other independent products pipelines and terminals, and trucking and marine transportation firms (for short-haul movement of products). Our transmix operations compete with refineries owned by major oil companies and independent transmix facilities. 11 Terminals Our Terminals business segment includes the operations of our refined petroleum product, chemical, renewable fuel, and other liquid terminal facilities (other than those included in the Products Pipelines business segment) and all of our bulk terminal facilities, which handle products such as petroleum coke, metal, and ores, among others. Our terminals are located primarily near large U.S. urban centers. We believe the location of our facilities and our ability to provide flexibility to customers help attract new and retain existing customers at our terminals and provide expansion opportunities. We often classify our terminal operations based on the handling of either liquids or dry-bulk material products. In addition, our Terminals operations include Jones Act-qualified product tankers that provide marine transportation of crude oil, condensate, refined petroleum products, and renewable fuel between U.S. ports. The following summarizes our Terminals business segment assets, as of December 31, 2025: Number Capacity (MMBbl) Liquids terminals 47 78.7 Bulk terminals 24 Jones Act tankers 16 5.3 Terminals Segment Contracts The factors impacting our Terminals business segment generally differ between liquid and bulk terminals. Our liquids terminals business generally enters into long-term contracts that require the customer to pay our fee regardless of whether they use the capacity. Thus, similar to our natural gas pipelines business, our liquids terminals business is less sensitive to short-term changes in supply and demand. Therefore, the extent to which changes in supply and demand affect our terminals business in the near term is a function of the remaining length of the underlying service contracts (which on a weighted average basis was approximately two years as of December 31, 2025), the extent to which revenues under the contracts are a function of the amount of product stored or transported, and the extent to which such contracts expire during any given period of time. 12 As with our refined petroleum products pipelines transportation business, the revenues from our bulk terminals business are generally driven by the volumes we handle and/or store, as well as the prices we receive for our services, which in turn are driven by the demand for the products being shipped or stored. While we handle and store a large variety of products at our bulk terminals, the primary products are petroleum coke, metals, and ores. In addition, the majority of our contracts for this business contain minimum volume guarantees and/or service exclusivity arrangements under which customers are required to utilize our terminals for all or a specified percentage of their handling and storage needs. The profitability of our minimum volume contracts is generally unaffected by short-term variation in economic conditions; however, to the extent we expect volumes above the minimum and/or have contracts which are volume-based, we can be sensitive to changing market conditions. To the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. The remaining weighted average length of our service contracts was approximately five years as of December 31, 2025. In addition, weather-related events, including hurricanes, may impact our facilities and access to them and, thus, the profitability of certain terminals for limited periods of time or, in relatively rare cases of severe damage to facilities, for longer periods. Our Jones Act-qualified tankers are primarily operating pursuant to fixed price term charters with major integrated oil companies, major refiners, and the U.S. Military Sealift Command. The remaining weighted average length of our contracts was approximately three years as of December 31, 2025. Terminals Segment Competition We are one of the largest independent operators of liquids terminals in the U.S., based on barrels of liquids terminaling capacity. Our liquids terminals compete with other publicly or privately held independent liquids terminals and terminals owned by oil, chemical, pipeline, and refining companies. Our bulk terminals compete with numerous independent terminal operators, terminals owned by producers and distributors of bulk commodities, stevedoring companies, and other industrial companies opting not to outsource terminaling services. In some locations, competitors are smaller, independent operators with lower cost structures. Our Jones Act-qualified tankers compete with other Jones Act-qualified vessel fleets. 13 CO 2 Our CO 2 business segment produces, transports, and markets CO 2 for use in enhanced oil recovery projects as a flooding medium for recovering crude oil from mature oil fields. We also own and operate oil and gas producing fields, and RNG, LNG, and landfill GTE facilities. Our CO 2 pipelines and related assets allow us to market a complete package of CO 2 supply and transportation services to our customers. Source and Transportation Activities CO 2 Resource Interests Our ownership of CO 2 resources as of December 31, 2025 includes: Ownership Interest Compression Capacity (Bcf/d) McElmo Dome unit 45 % 1.5 Doe Canyon Deep unit 87 % 0.2 Bravo Dome unit(a) 11 % 0.3 (a) We do not operate this unit. 14 CO 2 and Crude Oil Pipelines Industry demand for transportation on our CO 2 pipelines is expected to remain stable for the foreseeable future. Our ownership of CO 2 and crude oil pipelines as of December 31, 2025 includes: Asset Ownership Interest Miles of Pipeline Transport Capacity (Bcf/d) [(MBbl/d)] CO 2 pipelines Cortez 53 % 572 1.5 Central Basin 100 % 326 0.7 Bravo(a) 13 % 218 0.3 Canyon Reef Carriers 97 % 163 0.3 Centerline 100 % 113 0.3 Eastern Shelf 100 % 98 0.1 Pecos 95 % 25 0.1 Crude oil pipeline Wink 100 % 433 [145] (a) We do not operate Bravo. Oil, Gas and RNG Producing Activities Oil and Gas Producing Interests Our ownership interests in oil and gas producing fields as of December 31, 2025 included the following: Working Interest KMI Gross Developed Acres SACROC 97 % 52,029 North McElroy 99 % 11,612 Yates 50 % 9,718 Diamond M 99 % 5,396 Sharon Ridge(a) 14 % 2,619 MidCross(a) 13 % 320 (a) We do not operate these fields. Our oil and gas producing activities are not significant to KMI as a whole; therefore, we do not include the supplemental information on oil and gas producing activities under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive Activities Oil and Gas . Gas Plant Interests Our ownership and operation of gas plants as of December 31, 2025 included: Asset Ownership Interest Source Snyder gas plant(a) 22 % The SACROC unit and neighboring CO 2 projects, specifically the Lion Diamond M, Reinecke, and Cogdell units Diamond M gas plant 51 % Snyder gas plant North Snyder gas plant 100 % Snyder gas plant (a) This is a working interest; in addition, we have a 28% net profits interest. 15 RNG, LNG, and GTE Facilities Our ownership and operation of RNG, LNG, and GTE facilities as of December 31, 2025 included: Asset Ownership Interest Production [Storage] Generation Capacity(a) Product LNG Indy 100 % [2 Bcf] LNG Indy High BTU 50 % 1.0 Bcf/y RNG Twin Bridges 100 % 1.5 Bcf/y RNG Liberty 100 % 1.5 Bcf/y RNG Prairie View 100 % 0.8 Bcf/y RNG Arlington RNG 100 % 1.3 Bcf/y RNG Autumn Hills 100 % 0.8 Bcf/y RNG Victoria RNG 100 % 0.4 Bcf/y Medium BTU Southeast Berrien 100 % 4.8 mW/h GTE Central 100 % 4.0 mW/h GTE Venice Park 100 % 6.4 mW/h GTE Morehead 100 % 1.6 mW/h GTE Blue Ridge 100 % 1.6 mW/h GTE (a) GTE generation capacity is measured in megawatts per hour (mW/h). RNG and Medium British Thermal Units (BTU) gas capacities are measured in Bcf per year ( Bcf/y) . CO 2 Segment Contracts Our CO 2 source and transportation business primarily has third-party sales contracts with minimum volume requirements, which as of December 31, 2025 had a remaining average contract life of approximately six years. Our CO 2 sales contracts vary from customer to customer and generally provide for a delivered price tied to the price of crude oil, in some cases based on a fixed fee or floor price. Our success in this portion of the CO 2 business segment can be impacted by the demand for CO 2 . In the CO 2 business segment s oil and gas producing activities, we monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add. The revenues we receive from our crude oil, NGL, and RIN sales are affected by the prices we realize from these sales and, over the long term, we tend to receive prices that are driven by the related demand and overall market. However, in the shorter term, and particularly for crude oil, market prices generally are not indicative of the revenues we will receive due to our hedging program, in which the prices to be realized for certain of our future sales quantities are fixed or bracketed through the use of financial derivative contracts. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Segment Earnings Results for more information on crude oil sales prices. CO 2 Segment Competition Our primary competitors for the sale of CO 2 include suppliers that have an ownership interest in McElmo Dome, Bravo Dome, and Sheep Mountain CO 2 resources. Our ownership interests in the Central Basin, Cortez, and Bravo pipelines are in direct competition with other CO 2 pipelines. We compete with other interest owners in the McElmo Dome unit and the Bravo Dome unit for transportation of CO 2 to the Denver City, Texas market area. Major Customers Our revenue is derived from a wide customer base. For each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, no revenues from transactions with a single external customer accounted for 10% or more of our total consolidated revenues. We do not believe that a loss of revenues from any single customer would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 16 Regulation Industry Regulation Our business operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Please read Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation for discussions of the risks we face related to regulation. For information related to pending regulatory proceedings, see Note 17 Litigation and Environmental to our consolidated financial statements. Interstate Natural Gas Transportation and Storage Regulation We operate our interstate natural gas pipeline and storage facilities subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC and the provisions of the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (NGA), the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (NGPA), and the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (the Energy Policy Act). These laws give the FERC authority over the siting, construction, and operation of such facilities, including their modification, extension, enlargement and abandonment. Pursuant to the NGA, the FERC also has authority over the rates charged and terms and conditions of services offered by interstate natural gas pipeline and storage companies. The FERC s regulatory authority extends to establishing minimum and maximum rates for services and allows operators to discount or negotiate rates on a non-discriminatory basis. The rates, terms and conditions of service are set forth in posted tariffs approved by the FERC for each of our interstate natural gas pipeline and storage companies. Posted tariff rates are deemed just and reasonable and cannot be changed without FERC authorization following an evidentiary hearing or settlement. The FERC can initiate proceedings, on its own initiative or in response to a complaint, that could result in a rate change or confirm existing rates. Negotiated rates provide certainty to the pipeline and the shipper of agreed-upon rates during the term of the transportation agreement, regardless of changes to the posted tariff rates. Negotiated rate agreements must be filed with the FERC or included in summary form in the pipeline s tariff. FERC regulations also include a comprehensive framework for market transparency and nondiscrimination, as well as the FERC s prohibition against market manipulation. Under the Energy Policy Act and related regulations, it is unlawful for any entity, directly or indirectly in connection with the purchase or sale of natural gas subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC, or the purchase or sale of transportation services subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC, to engage in fraudulent conduct. FERC Standards of Conduct regulate, among other things, the manner in which interstate natural gas pipelines may interact with their marketing affiliates. The FERC s market oversight and transparency regulations require annual reports of purchases or sales of natural gas meeting certain thresholds and criteria and certain public postings of information on scheduled volumes. The FERC has authority to impose civil penalties of nearly $1.6 million per day per violation. If we fail to comply with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders administered by the FERC, we could be subject to substantial civil penalties and fines. In addition to having jurisdiction over interstate natural gas pipelines and storage companies, the FERC also has jurisdiction over the interstate transportation and storage services that are provided by intrastate natural gas pipelines and storage companies under Section 311 of the NGPA. We have numerous intrastate pipelines and storage companies that provide interstate services pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. Under Section 311, along with the FERC s implementing regulations, an intrastate pipeline may transport gas on behalf of an interstate pipeline company or any local distribution company served by an interstate pipeline, without becoming subject to the FERC s broader regulatory authority under the NGA. These services must be provided on an open and nondiscriminatory basis, and the rates charged for these services may not exceed a fair and equitable level as determined by the FERC in periodic rate proceedings. Interstate Common Carrier Refined Petroleum Products and Oil Pipeline Rate Regulation Some of our U.S. refined petroleum products, NGL, and crude oil gathering and transmission pipelines are interstate common carrier pipelines, subject to regulation by the FERC under the Interstate Commerce Act, or ICA. The ICA requires that we maintain our tariffs on file with the FERC. Those tariffs set forth the rates we charge for providing gathering or transportation services on our interstate common carrier liquids pipelines as well as the rules and regulations governing these services. The ICA requires, among other things, that rates on interstate common carrier liquids pipelines be just and reasonable and nondiscriminatory. The ICA permits interested persons to challenge newly proposed or changed rates and authorizes the FERC to suspend the effectiveness of such rates for a period of up to seven months and to investigate such rates. If, upon completion of an investigation, the FERC finds that the new or changed rate is unlawful, it is authorized to require the carrier to refund to shippers the difference between the revenues collected during the pendency of the investigation and the revenues that would have been collected based on the rate the FERC finds to be just and reasonable. The FERC also may investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates that are already in effect and may order a carrier to change its rates 17 prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations for damages sustained during the two years prior to the filing of a complaint. Petroleum products and crude oil pipelines may change their rates within prescribed ceiling levels that are calculated using an inflation index formula determined by the FERC in rulemaking proceedings that occur every five years. Shippers may protest rate increases made within the ceiling levels calculated using this inflation index, but such protests must show that the portion of the rate increase resulting from application of the index is substantially in excess of the pipeline s increase in costs from the previous year. Generally, a petroleum products or crude oil pipeline will utilize the FERC s indexing methodology to adjust its rates, as indexing serves as the default rate-adjustment mechanism. Cost-of-service based rates, market-based rates and settlement rates are alternatives to the default indexing mechanism and may be used in certain specified circumstances to change rates. CPUC Rate Regulation The intrastate common carrier operations of our refined products pipelines in California are subject to regulation by the CPUC under a depreciated book plant methodology, which is based on an original cost measure of investment. Intrastate tariffs filed by us with the CPUC have been established on the basis of revenues, expenses and investments allocated as applicable to the California intrastate portion of the refined products operations business. Tariff rates with respect to intrastate pipeline service in California are subject to challenge by protest by interested parties or by independent action of the CPUC. Railroad Commission of Texas (RCT) Rate Regulation The intrastate operations of our crude oil and liquids pipelines and natural gas pipelines and storage facilities in Texas are subject to regulation with respect to such intrastate transportation by the RCT. The RCT has the authority to regulate our rates, though it generally has not investigated the rates or practices of our intrastate pipelines in the absence of shipper complaints. State and Local Regulation Certain of our activities are subject to various state and local laws and regulations, as well as orders of regulatory bodies, governing a wide variety of matters, including marketing, production, pricing, pipeline safety, protection of the environment, and human health and safety. Marine Operations The operation of tankers and marine equipment is subject to maritime obligations involving property, personnel and cargo under General Maritime Law and involves a variety of risks, including, among other things, the risk of collision or allision, which may result in claims for personal injury, cargo, contract, pollution, third-party claims and property damages to vessels and facilities. We are subject to the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict maritime transportation (between U.S. departure and destination points) to vessels built and registered in the U.S. and owned and crewed by U.S. citizens. As a result, we monitor the foreign ownership of our common stock and, under certain circumstances consistent with our certificate of incorporation, we have the right to redeem shares of our common stock owned by non-U.S. citizens. If we do not comply with such requirements, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in U.S. coastwise trade, and under certain circumstances we would be deemed to have undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading rights for our vessels, fines, or forfeiture of the vessels. From time to time, legislation has been introduced unsuccessfully in the U.S. Congress to amend the Jones Act to ease or remove the requirement that vessels operating between U.S. ports be built and registered in the U.S. and owned and crewed by U.S. citizens. If the Jones Act were amended in such fashion, we could face competition from foreign-flagged vessels. In addition, the U.S. Coast Guard and the American Bureau of Shipping maintain a very stringent regime of vessel inspection, which tends to result in higher regulatory compliance costs for U.S.-flagged operators than for owners of vessels registered under foreign flags of convenience. The Jones Act and General Maritime Law also provide damage remedies for crew members injured in the service of the vessel arising from employer negligence or vessel unseaworthiness. The Merchant Marine Act of 1936 is a federal law that provides the U.S. Secretary of Transportation, upon proclamation by the U.S. President of a national emergency or a threat to the national security, the authority to requisition or purchase any vessel or other watercraft owned by U.S. citizens (including us, provided that we are considered a U.S. citizen for this purpose). If one of our vessels were purchased or requisitioned by the U.S. government under this law, we would be entitled to be paid 18 the fair market value of the vessel in the case of a purchase or, in the case of a requisition, the fair market value of charter hire. However, we would not be entitled to compensation for any consequential damages suffered as a result of such purchase or requisition. Derivatives Regulation We use energy commodity derivative contracts as part of our strategy to hedge our exposure to energy commodity market risk and other external risks in the ordinary course of business. The derivative contracts that we use include exchange-traded and OTC commodity financial instruments such as futures and options contracts, fixed price swaps and basis swaps. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) requires the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the SEC to promulgate rules and regulations establishing federal oversight and regulation of the OTC derivatives market and entities that participate in that market including broad aggregate position limits for OTC swaps and futures and options traded on regulated exchanges. These rules include exemptions for hedging positions. Environmental Matters and Safety Regulation Our business operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. For example, if a leak, release or spill of liquid petroleum products, CO 2 , natural gas, methane, chemicals, or other hazardous substances occurs at or from our pipelines, storage, or other facilities, we may experience significant operational disruptions, and we may have to pay a significant amount to clean up the leak, release, or spill (in the case of a non-gaseous substance), pay government penalties, address natural resource damages, compensate for human exposure or property damage, install pollution control equipment, or a combination of these and other measures. Furthermore, new projects may require permits, approvals, and environmental analyses under federal and state laws, including the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, and the Endangered Species Act. The resulting costs and liabilities could be material to us, and increasing compliance costs under federal and state, and in some cases local, environmental and safety laws for both new and existing facilities could require us to make significant capital expenditures. Please read Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation. In accordance with GAAP, we record liabilities for environmental matters when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. For information related to pending environmental matters, including our accruals of environmental liabilities, see Note 17 Litigation and Environmental to our consolidated financial statements. Hazardous and Non-Hazardous Waste We generate both hazardous and non-hazardous wastes that are subject to the requirements of the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and comparable state statutes. RCRA establishes standards for the generation, treatment, storage, transport, and disposal of solid wastes, including hazardous wastes. Superfund The CERCLA or the Superfund law, and analogous state laws, impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of potentially responsible persons for releases of hazardous substances into the environment. These persons include the owner or operator of a site and/or companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances found at the site. CERCLA authorizes the EPA and, in some cases, third parties to take actions in response to threats to public health or the environment and to seek to recover from the responsible classes of persons the costs they incur, including remediation costs. Additionally, CERCLA allows for the recovery of compensation for natural resource damages, if any. Although petroleum is excluded from CERCLA s definition of a hazardous substance, in the course of our ordinary operations, we have and will generate materials that may fall within such definition. If we are determined to be a potentially responsible person by operation of law under CERCLA, we may be responsible for all or part of the costs required to evaluate and remediate sites at which such materials are present, in addition to compensation for natural resource damages, if any. Clean Air Act Our operations are subject to the Clean Air Act, its implementing regulations, and analogous state statutes and regulations. The EPA regulations under the Clean Air Act contain requirements for the monitoring, reporting, and control of emissions of regulated substances. Substances regulated under the Clean Air Act have included greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from stationary sources; however, the EPA s recent rulemakings indicate its intention to revisit its regulation of GHG emissions under the Clean Air Act. For further information, see Climate Change below. 19 Clean Water Act Our operations can result in the discharge of pollutants. The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, also known as the Clean Water Act, and analogous state laws impose restrictions and controls regarding the discharge of fills and pollutants into waters of the U.S. The discharge of fills and pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by applicable federal or state authorities. The Oil Pollution Act was enacted in 1990 and amends provisions of the Clean Water Act pertaining to prevention of and response to oil spills. Spill prevention, control and countermeasure requirements of the Clean Water Act and some state laws require containment and similar structures to help prevent contamination of navigable waters in the event of an overflow or release of oil. EPA Revisions to National Ambient Air Quality Standards As required by the Clean Air Act, the EPA establishes National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) setting acceptable levels of common pollutants such as ozone, particulate matter, and sulfur dioxide. States then are required to adopt State Implementation Plans (SIPs) ensuring their air quality meets the applicable NAAQS. The EPA reviews these SIPs to ensure they comply with the NAAQS and other provisions of the Clean Air Act. For ground level ozone, the EPA published a rule in October 2015 that lowered NAAQS from 75 parts per billion (ppb) to a more stringent 70 ppb standard. This change triggered a process under which the EPA designated the areas of the country in or out of compliance with the 2015 standards. In December 2020, the EPA completed a review of the ozone NAAQS and published a rule retaining the 2015 standards. State rules implementing the NAAQS require the installation of more stringent air pollution controls on newly installed equipment and possibly require the retrofitting of existing KMI facilities with air pollution controls. These rules will have financial impacts to our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment. Future state or federal rules relating to the EPA s establishment of NAAQS for ozone, particulate matter, or other criteria air pollutants could have financial impacts on multiple business units. Climate Change Due to concern over climate change, numerous proposals to monitor and limit emissions of GHGs have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the federal, state, and local levels of government and by the governments of other nations. Methane, a primary component of natural gas, and CO 2 , which is naturally occurring and also a byproduct of burning natural gas, are examples of GHGs. Various laws and regulations exist or are under development to regulate the emission of GHGs. Beginning in 2009, the EPA published several findings, including a finding that GHGs present a danger to public health and the environment, known as the endangerment finding, and rulemakings under the Clean Air Act requiring the permitting and reporting of certain GHGs. Certain of our facilities are subject to these reporting requirements, and operational or physical changes to other existing facilities could subject those facilities to these requirements. In recent years, EPA also made regulatory changes requiring many existing oil and natural gas facilities to reduce GHG emissions. However, in 2025, EPA announced its intention to reconsider the endangerment finding, as well as EPA s mandatory GHG Reporting Program, and on February 12, 2026, the EPA announced that it will issue a final rule rescinding the endangerment finding, thereby eliminating the basis for much of its regulation of GHG emissions. Based on EPA s recent rulemakings and disclosed objectives, we may experience a reduction in GHG reporting and other regulatory obligations at the federal level over the near term. At the state level, more than one-third of the states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, already have begun implementing legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, such as through mandatory reporting, establishment of GHG emission reduction targets, or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs. It is possible that sources such as our gas-fueled compressors and processing plants could become subject to these state GHG reduction regulations. Various states are also proposing or have implemented stricter regulations for reporting, monitoring, or reducing GHGs that go beyond the requirements of the EPA as they existed at the end of 2025. Compliance with state rules could require additional expenditures, above and beyond those spent to comply with EPA GHG rules for new and existing sources. In addition, the European Union has approved a law to impose limits on methane emissions intensity applicable to imports of natural gas and crude oil beginning in 2030. Because our operations, including the compressor stations and processing plants, emit various types of GHGs, primarily methane and CO 2 , such new legislation or regulation could increase the costs related to operating and maintaining our facilities. Depending on the particular law, regulation or program, we may be required to incur significant additional operating or capital 20 costs to install new monitoring equipment or emission controls on the facilities, acquire and surrender allowances for the GHG emissions, replace certain GHG-emitting devices or technologies, pay taxes related to the GHG emissions, and administer and manage a more comprehensive GHG emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of such increased costs in the rates charged by our pipelines, recovery of costs is uncertain and may depend on events beyond our control, including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the FERC or other regulatory bodies, and the provisions of any final legislation or other regulations. Because the combustion of natural gas produces lower GHG emissions per unit of energy than competing fossil fuels, cap-and-trade legislation or EPA regulatory initiatives to reduce GHGs could stimulate demand for natural gas by increasing the relative cost of competing fuels such as coal and oil. In addition, we anticipate that GHG regulations will increase demand for carbon sequestration technologies, such as the techniques we have successfully demonstrated in our enhanced oil recovery operations within our CO 2 business segment. However, these potential positive effects on our markets may be offset if these same regulations also cause the cost of natural gas to increase relative to competing non-fossil fuels. Although we currently cannot predict the magnitude and direction of these impacts, GHG regulations could have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Pipeline Safety Regulation We are subject to pipeline safety regulations issued by PHMSA as well as any states that are certified by PHMSA to regulate pipeline safety for regulated intrastate assets in their respective states. These regulations apply to natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines and pipeline facilities, including associated underground natural gas storage, terminals, and LNG facilities. PHMSA regulations in particular require us to develop and maintain pipeline integrity management programs to evaluate our pipelines and take additional measures to protect pipeline segments located in what are referred to as High Consequence Areas (HCAs) for both gas and liquid pipelines, where a release could potentially have the most adverse consequences. PHMSA also requires us to conduct additional assessments to identify risks in what are referred to as Moderate Consequence Areas (MCAs) for gas pipelines. PHMSA has implemented several rules that have increased our pipeline safety regulatory obligations, including without limitation: (i) expanding certain integrity management program requirements outside of HCAs (with some exceptions) for both gas and hazardous liquid pipelines; (ii) expanding the application of integrity management requirements relevant to hazardous liquid pipelines to include additional areas, including certain coastal waters; (iii) requiring reconfirmation of the maximum allowable operating pressure (MAOP) by 2035 and material verification on certain gas pipelines; (iv) requiring installation of remote control or automatic shut-off valves (or alternative equivalent technology) on certain newly constructed or replaced gas and liquid pipelines; (v) increasing requirements for corrosion control for gas pipelines; (vi) providing additional prescriptive requirements that increase conservatism and specificity on the evaluation of discovered anomalies and their associated repair criteria for gas pipelines; and (vii) expanding certain regulations to previously unregulated gas gathering assets. Employee Health and Safety Regulations We are subject to the requirements of federal and state agencies, including, where appropriate, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), that address, among other things, employee health and safety. Cybersecurity Regulation In response to ongoing cybersecurity threats affecting the pipeline industry, the Department of Homeland Security s (DHS) Transportation Security Administration, or TSA, has issued a series of security directives setting forth specific elements that owners and operators of certain critical pipelines must include in their cybersecurity planning and their reporting of any incidents. These security directives require, among other things, that identified pipeline owners comply with mandatory reporting measures; designate a cybersecurity coordinator; provide vulnerability assessments; ensure compliance with certain cybersecurity requirements; establish and implement a TSA-approved Cybersecurity Implementation Plan; develop and maintain a Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan (CIRP), which shall identify the individuals responsible for implementing the specific measures in the CIRP and annually test at least two CIRP objectives; and establish a Cybersecurity Assessment Plan (CAP), and annually submit an updated CAP to TSA for review and approval, which shall include a schedule for assessing and auditing specific cybersecurity measures for effectiveness. TSA issued a proposed rulemaking in 2024 to codify and expand these requirements for certain pipeline assets and LNG facilities, including obligations to report cybersecurity incidents to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) and physical security incidents to TSA. This proposed rule is currently categorized by DHS as a long-term regulatory action with no projected timetable for a final rule. Our Jones Act Tankers and coastal terminal facilities are subject to a final rule, titled Cybersecurity in the Marine Transportation System (MTS), which was issued by the U.S. Coast Guard and became effective on July 16, 2025. Requirements 21 in the final rule include developing and maintaining a cybersecurity plan, designating a cybersecurity officer (CySO), and taking various measures to maintain cybersecurity within the MTS. The regulation contains a phased implementation schedule, with the full cybersecurity plan submission and CySO designation due by July 16, 2027, aiming to strengthen the MTS against cyber threats. In addition, PHMSA requires reporting of certain events that involve a release from a pipeline or the shutdown of an LNG facility or underground natural gas storage facility, including those that may be caused by a cyber-attack. On July 26, 2023, the SEC adopted new disclosure requirements regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance, and incidents. In 2024, CISA also issued a proposed rulemaking to implement the requirements set forth in the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act of 2022, a law concerning the reporting of cyber incidents and ransomware payments. A final rule is currently projected for the middle of 2026. Please read Item 1C. Cybersecurity . Human Capital In managing our human capital resources, we use a strategic approach to attract, develop, and retain talent and support our employees career and development goals. We value our employees opinions and encourage them to engage with management and ask questions on topics such as our goals, challenges, and employee concerns. We employed 11,028 full-time personnel at December 31, 2025, including approximately 867 full-time hourly personnel at certain terminals and pipelines covered by collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2026 and 2029. We consider relations with our employees to be good. We value the safety of our workforce and integrate a culture of safety, emergency preparedness, and environmental responsibility through our operations management system (OMS). Our OMS conforms to common industry standards and establishes a framework that helps us (i) provide employees and contractors with a safe work environment; (ii) comply with laws, rules, regulations, policies, and procedures; and (iii) identify opportunities to improve. Although our ultimate target is zero incidents, we also have non-zero employee safety performance targets as follows: Non-zero employee safety performance targets 2025 Company-wide TRIR(a) Outperform the annual industry average total recordable incident rate (TRIR) 0.9 Outperform our own three-year TRIR average (a) TRIR is an OSHA-defined metric that represents the number of recordable workplace incidents per 100 full time employees in a given year. We seek to constantly improve our contractor TRIR performance through initiatives to address recent incident trends and new best practices. The Nominating and Governance Committee (Nom/Gov Committee) of our Board is responsible for planning for succession in our senior management ranks, including our chief executive officer. Our chief executive officer reports to the Nom/Gov Committee annually, generally at the time of the regularly scheduled July Board meeting, regarding the succession plan and processes in place to identify talent within and outside the Company to succeed to senior management positions, development opportunities for potential successors, and the information developed during the then-current calendar year pursuant to those processes. As part of our annual succession planning process, we identify a range of potential candidates to include in the plan for senior positions. We support equal opportunity employment and consider a range of talents and experience an asset. It is our policy to employ and advance in employment all persons without regard to their race/ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender, veteran status, disability, or other protected categories, and base employment decisions solely on valid job requirements. We are committed to a harassment free workplace, supported with online and face-to-face workplace harassment and discrimination prevention training for our employees. In addition to training received at the time of hiring, employees and supervisors review our harassment and discrimination prevention policy every two years as part of our required training. Our employees are an integral part of our success, and we value their career development. We support our employees ongoing career goals and development through several programs, including workforce training, tuition reimbursement, leadership and other development programs. These programs help improve recruitment, development, and retention and help maximize our employees potential by providing opportunities to gain skills they need to further enhance their careers. 22 Our compensation program is linked to long- and short-term strategic financial and operational objectives, including environmental, safety, and compliance targets. Compensation includes competitive base salaries in the markets in which we operate and competitive benefits, including retirement plans, opportunities for annual bonuses, and, for eligible employees, long-term incentives and an employee stock purchase plan. Properties and Rights-of-Way We believe we generally have satisfactory title to the properties we own and use in our businesses, subject to liens for current taxes, liens incident to minor encumbrances, and easements and restrictions, which do not materially detract from the value of such property, the interests in those properties, or the use of such properties in our businesses. Our terminals, storage facilities, treating and processing plants, regulator and compressor stations, oil and gas wells, offices, and related facilities are located on real property owned or leased by us. In some cases, the real property we lease is on federal, state or local government land. We generally do not own the land on which our pipelines are constructed. Instead, we obtain and maintain rights to construct and operate the pipelines on other people s land, generally under agreements that are perpetual or provide for renewal rights. Substantially all of our pipelines are constructed on rights-of-way granted by the apparent record owners of such property. In many instances, lands over which rights-of-way have been obtained are subject to prior liens that have not been subordinated to the right-of-way grants. In some cases, not all of the apparent record owners have joined in the right-of-way grants, but in substantially all such cases, signatures of the owners of a majority of the interests have been obtained. Permits have been obtained from public authorities to cross over or under, or to lay facilities in or along, water courses, county roads, municipal streets, and state highways, and in some instances, such permits are revocable at the election of the grantor, or, the pipeline may be required to move its facilities at its own expense. Permits also have been obtained from railroad companies to run along or cross over or under lands or rights-of-way, many of which are also revocable at the grantor s election. Some such permits require annual or other periodic payments. In a few minor cases, we purchased property for pipeline purposes. Available Information We make available free of charge on or through our internet website, at www.kindermorgan.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. The information contained on or connected to our internet website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this document. Realization of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Risks Related to our Business Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products we handle. Our pipelines, terminals, and other assets and facilities, including the availability of expansion opportunities, depend in part on continued production of natural gas, crude oil, and other products in the geographic areas that they serve. Without additions to crude oil and gas reserves, production will decline over time as reserves are depleted, and production costs may rise. Producers in areas served by us may not be successful in exploring for and developing additional reserves, or their costs of doing so may become uneconomic. Commodity prices and tax incentives may not remain at levels that encourage producers to explore for and develop additional reserves, produce existing marginal reserves, or renew transportation contracts as they expire. Our business also depends in part on the levels of demand for natural gas, crude oil, NGL, refined petroleum products, CO 2 , steel, chemicals, and other products in the geographic areas to which our pipelines, terminals, shipping vessels, and other facilities deliver or provide service, and the ability and willingness of our shippers and other customers to supply such demand. Decreases in the supply of or demand for natural gas, crude oil, and other products could adversely impact the utilization of our assets. 23 Conditions in the business environment generally, such as declining or sustained low commodity prices, supply disruptions, or higher development or production costs, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals, and other assets. Also, sustained lower demand for hydrocarbons, or changes in the regulatory environment or applicable government policies and priorities, including in relation to climate change or other environmental concerns, may have a negative impact on the supply of crude oil and other products. In recent years, public concern about the potential risks posed by climate change has resulted in increased demand for energy efficiency and a transition to energy provided from renewable energy sources rather than fossil fuels, fuel-efficient alternatives such as hybrid and electric vehicles, and pursuit of other technologies to reduce GHG emissions, such as carbon capture and sequestration. Each of the foregoing supply and demand issues could negatively impact our business directly, as well as our shippers and other customers, which in turn could negatively impact our prospects for new contracts for transportation, terminaling, or other midstream services, or renewals of existing contracts or the ability of our customers and shippers to honor their contractual commitments. See Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. below. Furthermore, such unfavorable conditions may compound the adverse effects of larger economic disruptions. See Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. We cannot predict the impact of future economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation, and/or tax incentives or technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which could reduce the production of and/or demand for the products we handle. Expanding our existing assets and constructing new assets is part of our growth strategy. Our ability to begin and complete expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way, public opposition, increases in costs of construction materials, cost overruns, inclement weather, and other delays. If we pursue projects through joint ventures with others, we will share control of and any benefits from those projects. We regularly undertake construction projects to expand our existing assets and to construct new assets. These projects generally will be subject to, among other things, the receipt of regulatory approvals, feasibility and cost analyses, funding availability, industry, market and demand conditions, and environmental considerations. A variety of factors outside of our control, such as difficulties in obtaining rights-of-way and permits or other regulatory approvals, have caused, and may continue to cause, delays in or cancellations of our construction projects. Regulatory authorities may modify their permitting policies in ways that disadvantage our construction projects. Federal regulators may also expand existing regulatory requirements, such as PHMSA s 2021 expansion of gas gathering pipeline regulation and the Congressional mandate under the Pipeline Safety Act that PHMSA regulate the transportation of gaseous CO 2 . Such factors can be exacerbated by public opposition to our projects. See We are subject to reputational risks and risks relating to public opinion. Inclement weather, natural disasters, and delays in performance by third-party contractors have also resulted in, and may in the future result in, increased costs or delays in construction. In addition, we have experienced increasing costs for construction materials, including cost increases associated with increased tariffs (such as those discussed under Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. ) and may continue to experience such cost impacts. Significant increases in costs of construction materials, cost overruns or delays, or our inability to obtain a required permit or right-of-way, could have a material adverse effect on our return on investment, results of operations, and cash flows, and could result in project cancellations or otherwise limit our ability to pursue growth opportunities. If we pursue joint ventures with third parties, those parties may share approval rights over major decisions and may act in their own interests, which may differ from our interests or our views of the interests of the venture. Such differences in actual or perceived interests could result in operational delays or impasses, which in turn could affect the financial expectations of and our expected benefits from the venture. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage. Competition is a factor affecting our existing businesses and our ability to secure new project opportunities. Any current or future pipeline system or other form of transportation (such as barge, rail, or truck) that delivers the products we handle into the areas that our pipelines serve could offer transportation services that are more desirable to shippers than those we provide because of price, location, facilities, or other factors. Likewise, competing terminals or other storage options may become more attractive to our customers. To the extent that competitors offer the markets we serve more desirable transportation or storage options, or customers opt to construct their own facilities for services previously provided by us, this could result in unused capacity on our pipelines and in our terminals. We also could experience competition for the supply of the products we handle from both existing and proposed pipeline systems; for example, several pipelines access many of the same areas of supply as our pipeline systems and transport to destinations not served by us. If capacity on our assets remains unused, our ability to re- 24 contract for expiring capacity at favorable rates or otherwise retain existing customers could be impaired. In addition, to the extent that companies pursuing development of carbon capture and sequestration technology are successful, they could compete with us for customers who purchase CO 2 for use in enhanced oil recovery operations. The volatility of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business. The revenues, cash flows, profitability, and future growth of some of our businesses (and the carrying values of certain of their respective assets, which include related goodwill) depend to a large degree on prevailing crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices. Prices for crude oil, NGL, and natural gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for crude oil, NGL, and natural gas, uncertainties within the market and a variety of other factors beyond our control. These factors include, among other things (i) weather conditions and events such as hurricanes in the U.S.; (ii) domestic and global economic conditions; (iii) the activities of the OPEC and other countries that are significant producers of crude oil (OPEC+); (iv) governmental regulation; (v) armed conflict or political instability in crude oil and natural gas producing countries; (vi) the foreign supply of and demand for crude oil and natural gas; (vii) the price of foreign imports; (viii) the proximity and availability of storage and transportation infrastructure and processing and treating facilities; and (ix) the availability and prices of alternative fuel sources. We use hedging arrangements to partially mitigate our exposure to commodity prices, but these arrangements also are subject to inherent risks. Please read Our use of hedging arrangements does not eliminate our exposure to commodity price risks and could result in financial losses or volatility in our income. In addition, wide fluctuations in commodity prices can impact the accuracy of assumptions used in our budgeting process. If commodity prices fall substantially or remain low for a sustained period and we are not sufficiently protected through hedging arrangements, we may be unable to realize a profit from these businesses and would operate at a loss. Sharp declines in the prices of crude oil, NGL, or natural gas, or a prolonged unfavorable price environment, may result in a commensurate reduction in our revenues, income, and cash flows from our businesses that produce, process, or purchase and sell crude oil, NGL, or natural gas, and could have a material adverse effect on the carrying value (which includes assigned goodwill) of our CO 2 business segment s proved reserves, and to a lesser extent, certain assets in certain midstream businesses within our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment and certain assets within our Products Pipelines business segment. For more information about our energy and commodity market risk, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . Commodity transportation and storage activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise adversely affect our operations. There are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent to the transportation and storage of the products we handle, such as leaks; releases; the breakdown, underperformance or failure of equipment, facilities, information systems, or processes; damage to our pipelines caused by third-party construction; the compromise of information and control systems; spills at terminals and hubs; spills associated with loading and unloading harmful substances at rail facilities; adverse sea conditions (including storms and rising sea levels) and releases or spills from our shipping vessels or vessels loaded at our marine terminals; operator error; labor disputes/work stoppages; disputes with interconnected facilities and carriers; operational disruptions or apportionment on third-party systems or refineries on which our assets depend; and catastrophic events or natural disasters such as fires, floods, explosions, earthquakes, acts of terrorists and saboteurs, cyber security breaches, and other similar events, many of which are beyond our control. Additional risks to our vessels include capsizing, collision, allision, grounding, and navigation errors. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in serious injury and loss of human life, significant damage to property and natural resources, environmental pollution, significant reputational damage, impairment or suspension of operations, fines or other regulatory penalties, costs associated with allegations of criminal liability, costs associated with responding to an investigation or enforcement action brought by a governmental agency, and revocation of regulatory approvals or imposition of new requirements, any of which also could result in substantial financial losses, including lost revenue and cash flow to the extent that an incident causes an interruption of service. For pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the level of damage resulting from these risks may be greater. In addition, the consequences of any operational incident (including as a result of adverse sea conditions) at one of our marine terminals may be even more significant as a result of the complexities involved in addressing leaks and releases occurring in the ocean or along coastlines and/or the repair of marine terminals. 25 Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Unfavorable conditions such as a general slowdown of the global or U.S. economy, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, or inflation and rising interest rates, could materially adversely affect our operating results. For example, the global economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic in 2020 affected numerous industries, including the crude oil and gas industry, the steel industry, and specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. Also, economic conditions in the wake of the pandemic included inflationary pressure, which resulted in higher operating expenses and project costs for us, as well as higher interest rates. More recently, we may see increasing market uncertainty and volatility due to shifts in U.S. and foreign trade, economic, and other policies. See Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations . In addition, uncertain or changing economic conditions within one or more geographic regions may affect our operating results within the affected regions. Sustained unfavorable commodity prices, volatility in commodity prices or changes in markets for a given commodity might also have a negative impact on many of our customers, which could impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. See Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. In addition, decreases in the prices of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas are likely to have a negative impact on our operating results and cash flow. See The volatility of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business. If economic and market conditions (including volatility in commodity markets) globally, in the U.S., or in other key markets become more volatile or deteriorate, we may experience material impacts on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. We are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties, such as hedging counterparties, joint venture partners and suppliers. Many of our counterparties finance their activities through cash flow from operations or debt or equity financing, and some of them may be highly leveraged and unable to access additional capital to sustain their operations in the future. Our counterparties are subject to their own operating, market, financial, and regulatory risks, and some have experienced, are experiencing, or may experience in the future, severe financial problems that have had or may have a significant impact on their creditworthiness. Further, the security we are able to obtain from such customers may be limited, including by FERC regulation. While certain of our customers are subsidiaries of an entity that has an investment grade credit rating, in many cases the parent entity has not guaranteed the obligations of the subsidiary and, therefore, the parent s credit ratings may have no bearing on such customers ability to pay us for the services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. Furthermore, financially distressed customers might be forced to reduce or curtail their future use of our products and services, which also could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We cannot provide any assurance that such customers and key counterparties will not become financially distressed or that such financially distressed customers or counterparties will not default on their obligations to us or file for bankruptcy protection. If one or more customers or counterparties files for bankruptcy protection, we likely would be unable to collect all, or even a significant portion of, amounts they owe to us. Similarly, our contracts with such customers may be renegotiated at lower rates or terminated altogether. Significant customer and other counterparty defaults and bankruptcy filings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We are subject to reputational risks and risks relating to public opinion. Our business, operations, or financial condition generally may be negatively impacted as a result of negative public opinion towards our industry sector, the products we handle, or us specifically. Public opinion may be influenced by negative portrayals of the energy industry as well as opposition to development projects. In addition, events specific to us could result in the deterioration of our reputation with key stakeholders. We believe that reputational risk cannot be managed in isolation from other forms of risk and that credit, market, operational, insurance, regulatory, and legal risks, among others, must all be managed effectively to safeguard our reputation. Our reputation and public opinion could also be impacted by the actions and activities of other companies operating in the 26 energy industry, particularly other energy infrastructure providers, over which we have no control. In particular, our reputation could be impacted by negative publicity related to pipeline incidents or unpopular expansion projects and due to opposition to development of hydrocarbons and energy infrastructure, particularly projects involving resources that are considered to increase GHG emissions and contribute to climate change. Negative impacts from a compromised reputation or changes in public opinion (including with respect to the production, transportation, and use of hydrocarbons generally) could include increased regulatory oversight and costs, difficulty obtaining rights-of-way and delays in obtaining, or challenges to, regulatory approvals with respect to growth projects, blockades, project cancellations, difficulty securing financing, revenue loss, reduction in customer base, and decreased value of our securities and our business. Our use of hedging arrangements does not eliminate our exposure to commodity price risks and could result in financial losses or volatility in our income. We engage in hedging arrangements to reduce our direct exposure to fluctuations in the prices of crude oil, natural gas, and NGL, including differentials between regional markets. These hedging arrangements expose us to risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when production is less than expected, when the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contract obligations, or when there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the hedging agreement and the actual price received. In addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive from increases in prices for crude oil, natural gas, and NGL. Furthermore, our hedging arrangements cannot hedge against any decrease in the volumes of products we handle. See Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products we handle. The markets for instruments we use to hedge our commodity price exposure generally reflect then-prevailing conditions in the underlying commodity markets. As our existing hedges expire, we will seek to replace them. To the extent then-existing underlying market conditions are unfavorable, new hedging arrangements available to us will reflect such unfavorable conditions, limiting our ability to hedge our exposure to commodity prices on terms that are economically favorable to us. When we engage in hedging transactions (for example, to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices or currency exchange rates or to balance our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates) that we believe are effective economically, these transactions may not be considered effective for accounting purposes. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements may reflect volatility due to these hedges, even when there is no underlying economic impact at the dates of those consolidated financial statements. In addition, it may not be possible for us to engage in hedging transactions that completely eliminate our exposure to commodity prices; therefore, our consolidated financial statements may reflect a gain or loss arising from an exposure to commodity prices for which we are unable to enter into a completely effective hedge. For more information about our hedging activities, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Note 13 Risk Management to our consolidated financial statements. A breach of information security or the failure of one or more key IT or operational (OT) systems, or those of third parties, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or business reputation. Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. Some of the operational systems we use are owned or operated by independent third-party vendors. The various uses of these systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to, controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. In accordance with government mandates, we have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program both internal and incorporating industry expertise designed to protect our IT, OT, and data systems from attacks, however, we can provide no assurance that our cybersecurity program will be completely effective. We have experienced increases in the number of attempts by external parties to access our networks or our company data without authorization. While we have taken additional steps to secure our networks and systems to specifically respond to new and elevated risks associated with remote work, we may nevertheless be more vulnerable to a successful cyber-attack or information security incident when significant numbers of our employees are working remotely. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational systems, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, has increased as attempted attacks, including acts of terrorism or cyber sabotage, which may be escalated during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions, have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them. We may also experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A significant failure, 27 compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems, which may result from problems such as ransomware, malware, computer viruses, hacking attempts, or third-party error or malfeasance, could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures, including malware and anti-virus software and controls, may not be successful in preventing these events, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant remedial resources. In the future, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures, to comply with regulations, to develop and implement government-mandated plans, and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Attacks, including acts of terrorism or cyber sabotage, or the threat of such attacks, may adversely affect our business or reputation. The U.S. government has issued public warnings indicating that pipelines and other infrastructure assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations or cyber sabotage events. Potential targets include our pipeline systems, terminals, processing plants, databases, or operating systems. Risk of these attacks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. The occurrence of an attack could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond or other financial loss, significant reporting requirements, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation, or inaccurate information reported from our operations. In the event of such an incident, we may need to retain cybersecurity experts to assist us in stopping, diagnosing, and recovering from the attack. There is no assurance that adequate cyber sabotage and terrorism insurance will be available at rates we believe are reasonable in the near future. The potential for an attack may subject our operations to increased risks and costs, and, depending on their ultimate magnitude, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or business reputation. Development of new technologies could create additional risk, or we may not have sufficient resources to manage our technology. Custom or new technology (including potential generative artificial intelligence) that is heavily relied upon by us or our counterparties may not be maintained and updated appropriately due to resource restraints, or other factors, which could cause technology failures or give rise to additional operational or security risks. Generative artificial intelligence or other new technology could also create additional regulatory scrutiny and generate uncertainty around intellectual property ownership and/or licensing or use. Technology (including artificial intelligence) is also subject to intentional misuse (by criminals, terrorists, or other bad actors). Technology failures or incidents of misuse could result in significant adverse effects on our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The acquisition of additional businesses and assets is part of our growth strategy. We may experience difficulties completing acquisitions or integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions. Part of our business strategy includes acquiring additional businesses and assets. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to find complementary acquisition targets or complete such acquisitions, or achieve the desired results from any acquisitions we do complete. Any acquired businesses or assets will be subject to many of the same risks as our existing businesses and may not achieve the levels of performance that we anticipate. We ma