=== KMI_2026-02-13.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this document. Realization of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Risks Related to our Business Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products we handle. Our pipelines, terminals, and other assets and facilities, including the availability of expansion opportunities, depend in part on continued production of natural gas, crude oil, and other products in the geographic areas that they serve. Without additions to crude oil and gas reserves, production will decline over time as reserves are depleted, and production costs may rise. Producers in areas served by us may not be successful in exploring for and developing additional reserves, or their costs of doing so may become uneconomic. Commodity prices and tax incentives may not remain at levels that encourage producers to explore for and develop additional reserves, produce existing marginal reserves, or renew transportation contracts as they expire. Our business also depends in part on the levels of demand for natural gas, crude oil, NGL, refined petroleum products, CO 2 , steel, chemicals, and other products in the geographic areas to which our pipelines, terminals, shipping vessels, and other facilities deliver or provide service, and the ability and willingness of our shippers and other customers to supply such demand. Decreases in the supply of or demand for natural gas, crude oil, and other products could adversely impact the utilization of our assets. 23 Conditions in the business environment generally, such as declining or sustained low commodity prices, supply disruptions, or higher development or production costs, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals, and other assets. Also, sustained lower demand for hydrocarbons, or changes in the regulatory environment or applicable government policies and priorities, including in relation to climate change or other environmental concerns, may have a negative impact on the supply of crude oil and other products. In recent years, public concern about the potential risks posed by climate change has resulted in increased demand for energy efficiency and a transition to energy provided from renewable energy sources rather than fossil fuels, fuel-efficient alternatives such as hybrid and electric vehicles, and pursuit of other technologies to reduce GHG emissions, such as carbon capture and sequestration. Each of the foregoing supply and demand issues could negatively impact our business directly, as well as our shippers and other customers, which in turn could negatively impact our prospects for new contracts for transportation, terminaling, or other midstream services, or renewals of existing contracts or the ability of our customers and shippers to honor their contractual commitments. See “ —Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. ” below. Furthermore, such unfavorable conditions may compound the adverse effects of larger economic disruptions. See “ —Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. ” We cannot predict the impact of future economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation, and/or tax incentives or technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which could reduce the production of and/or demand for the products we handle. Expanding our existing assets and constructing new assets is part of our growth strategy. Our ability to begin and complete expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way, public opposition, increases in costs of construction materials, cost overruns, inclement weather, and other delays. If we pursue projects through joint ventures with others, we will share control of and any benefits from those projects. We regularly undertake construction projects to expand our existing assets and to construct new assets. These projects generally will be subject to, among other things, the receipt of regulatory approvals, feasibility and cost analyses, funding availability, industry, market and demand conditions, and environmental considerations. A variety of factors outside of our control, such as difficulties in obtaining rights-of-way and permits or other regulatory approvals, have caused, and may continue to cause, delays in or cancellations of our construction projects. Regulatory authorities may modify their permitting policies in ways that disadvantage our construction projects. Federal regulators may also expand existing regulatory requirements, such as PHMSA’s 2021 expansion of gas gathering pipeline regulation and the Congressional mandate under the Pipeline Safety Act that PHMSA regulate the transportation of gaseous CO 2 . Such factors can be exacerbated by public opposition to our projects. See “— We are subject to reputational risks and risks relating to public opinion. ” Inclement weather, natural disasters, and delays in performance by third-party contractors have also resulted in, and may in the future result in, increased costs or delays in construction. In addition, we have experienced increasing costs for construction materials, including cost increases associated with increased tariffs (such as those discussed under “— Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. ”) and may continue to experience such cost impacts. Significant increases in costs of construction materials, cost overruns or delays, or our inability to obtain a required permit or right-of-way, could have a material adverse effect on our return on investment, results of operations, and cash flows, and could result in project cancellations or otherwise limit our ability to pursue growth opportunities. If we pursue joint ventures with third parties, those parties may share approval rights over major decisions and may act in their own interests, which may differ from our interests or our views of the interests of the venture. Such differences in actual or perceived interests could result in operational delays or impasses, which in turn could affect the financial expectations of and our expected benefits from the venture. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage. Competition is a factor affecting our existing businesses and our ability to secure new project opportunities. Any current or future pipeline system or other form of transportation (such as barge, rail, or truck) that delivers the products we handle into the areas that our pipelines serve could offer transportation services that are more desirable to shippers than those we provide because of price, location, facilities, or other factors. Likewise, competing terminals or other storage options may become more attractive to our customers. To the extent that competitors offer the markets we serve more desirable transportation or storage options, or customers opt to construct their own facilities for services previously provided by us, this could result in unused capacity on our pipelines and in our terminals. We also could experience competition for the supply of the products we handle from both existing and proposed pipeline systems; for example, several pipelines access many of the same areas of supply as our pipeline systems and transport to destinations not served by us. If capacity on our assets remains unused, our ability to re- 24 contract for expiring capacity at favorable rates or otherwise retain existing customers could be impaired. In addition, to the extent that companies pursuing development of carbon capture and sequestration technology are successful, they could compete with us for customers who purchase CO 2 for use in enhanced oil recovery operations. The volatility of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business. The revenues, cash flows, profitability, and future growth of some of our businesses (and the carrying values of certain of their respective assets, which include related goodwill) depend to a large degree on prevailing crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices. Prices for crude oil, NGL, and natural gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for crude oil, NGL, and natural gas, uncertainties within the market and a variety of other factors beyond our control. These factors include, among other things (i) weather conditions and events such as hurricanes in the U.S.; (ii) domestic and global economic conditions; (iii) the activities of the OPEC and other countries that are significant producers of crude oil (OPEC+); (iv) governmental regulation; (v) armed conflict or political instability in crude oil and natural gas producing countries; (vi) the foreign supply of and demand for crude oil and natural gas; (vii) the price of foreign imports; (viii) the proximity and availability of storage and transportation infrastructure and processing and treating facilities; and (ix) the availability and prices of alternative fuel sources. We use hedging arrangements to partially mitigate our exposure to commodity prices, but these arrangements also are subject to inherent risks. Please read “— Our use of hedging arrangements does not eliminate our exposure to commodity price risks and could result in financial losses or volatility in our income. ” In addition, wide fluctuations in commodity prices can impact the accuracy of assumptions used in our budgeting process. If commodity prices fall substantially or remain low for a sustained period and we are not sufficiently protected through hedging arrangements, we may be unable to realize a profit from these businesses and would operate at a loss. Sharp declines in the prices of crude oil, NGL, or natural gas, or a prolonged unfavorable price environment, may result in a commensurate reduction in our revenues, income, and cash flows from our businesses that produce, process, or purchase and sell crude oil, NGL, or natural gas, and could have a material adverse effect on the carrying value (which includes assigned goodwill) of our CO 2 business segment’s proved reserves, and to a lesser extent, certain assets in certain midstream businesses within our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment and certain assets within our Products Pipelines business segment. For more information about our energy and commodity market risk, see Item 7A. “ Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk .” Commodity transportation and storage activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise adversely affect our operations. There are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent to the transportation and storage of the products we handle, such as leaks; releases; the breakdown, underperformance or failure of equipment, facilities, information systems, or processes; damage to our pipelines caused by third-party construction; the compromise of information and control systems; spills at terminals and hubs; spills associated with loading and unloading harmful substances at rail facilities; adverse sea conditions (including storms and rising sea levels) and releases or spills from our shipping vessels or vessels loaded at our marine terminals; operator error; labor disputes/work stoppages; disputes with interconnected facilities and carriers; operational disruptions or apportionment on third-party systems or refineries on which our assets depend; and catastrophic events or natural disasters such as fires, floods, explosions, earthquakes, acts of terrorists and saboteurs, cyber security breaches, and other similar events, many of which are beyond our control. Additional risks to our vessels include capsizing, collision, allision, grounding, and navigation errors. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in serious injury and loss of human life, significant damage to property and natural resources, environmental pollution, significant reputational damage, impairment or suspension of operations, fines or other regulatory penalties, costs associated with allegations of criminal liability, costs associated with responding to an investigation or enforcement action brought by a governmental agency, and revocation of regulatory approvals or imposition of new requirements, any of which also could result in substantial financial losses, including lost revenue and cash flow to the extent that an incident causes an interruption of service. For pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the level of damage resulting from these risks may be greater. In addition, the consequences of any operational incident (including as a result of adverse sea conditions) at one of our marine terminals may be even more significant as a result of the complexities involved in addressing leaks and releases occurring in the ocean or along coastlines and/or the repair of marine terminals. 25 Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Unfavorable conditions such as a general slowdown of the global or U.S. economy, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, or inflation and rising interest rates, could materially adversely affect our operating results. For example, the global economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic in 2020 affected numerous industries, including the crude oil and gas industry, the steel industry, and specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. Also, economic conditions in the wake of the pandemic included inflationary pressure, which resulted in higher operating expenses and project costs for us, as well as higher interest rates. More recently, we may see increasing market uncertainty and volatility due to shifts in U.S. and foreign trade, economic, and other policies. See “— Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations .” In addition, uncertain or changing economic conditions within one or more geographic regions may affect our operating results within the affected regions. Sustained unfavorable commodity prices, volatility in commodity prices or changes in markets for a given commodity might also have a negative impact on many of our customers, which could impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. See “ —Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. ” In addition, decreases in the prices of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas are likely to have a negative impact on our operating results and cash flow. See “ —The volatility of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business.” If economic and market conditions (including volatility in commodity markets) globally, in the U.S., or in other key markets become more volatile or deteriorate, we may experience material impacts on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. We are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties, such as hedging counterparties, joint venture partners and suppliers. Many of our counterparties finance their activities through cash flow from operations or debt or equity financing, and some of them may be highly leveraged and unable to access additional capital to sustain their operations in the future. Our counterparties are subject to their own operating, market, financial, and regulatory risks, and some have experienced, are experiencing, or may experience in the future, severe financial problems that have had or may have a significant impact on their creditworthiness. Further, the security we are able to obtain from such customers may be limited, including by FERC regulation. While certain of our customers are subsidiaries of an entity that has an investment grade credit rating, in many cases the parent entity has not guaranteed the obligations of the subsidiary and, therefore, the parent’s credit ratings may have no bearing on such customers’ ability to pay us for the services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. Furthermore, financially distressed customers might be forced to reduce or curtail their future use of our products and services, which also could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We cannot provide any assurance that such customers and key counterparties will not become financially distressed or that such financially distressed customers or counterparties will not default on their obligations to us or file for bankruptcy protection. If one or more customers or counterparties files for bankruptcy protection, we likely would be unable to collect all, or even a significant portion of, amounts they owe to us. Similarly, our contracts with such customers may be renegotiated at lower rates or terminated altogether. Significant customer and other counterparty defaults and bankruptcy filings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We are subject to reputational risks and risks relating to public opinion. Our business, operations, or financial condition generally may be negatively impacted as a result of negative public opinion towards our industry sector, the products we handle, or us specifically. Public opinion may be influenced by negative portrayals of the energy industry as well as opposition to development projects. In addition, events specific to us could result in the deterioration of our reputation with key stakeholders. We believe that reputational risk cannot be managed in isolation from other forms of risk and that credit, market, operational, insurance, regulatory, and legal risks, among others, must all be managed effectively to safeguard our reputation. Our reputation and public opinion could also be impacted by the actions and activities of other companies operating in the 26 energy industry, particularly other energy infrastructure providers, over which we have no control. In particular, our reputation could be impacted by negative publicity related to pipeline incidents or unpopular expansion projects and due to opposition to development of hydrocarbons and energy infrastructure, particularly projects involving resources that are considered to increase GHG emissions and contribute to climate change. Negative impacts from a compromised reputation or changes in public opinion (including with respect to the production, transportation, and use of hydrocarbons generally) could include increased regulatory oversight and costs, difficulty obtaining rights-of-way and delays in obtaining, or challenges to, regulatory approvals with respect to growth projects, blockades, project cancellations, difficulty securing financing, revenue loss, reduction in customer base, and decreased value of our securities and our business. Our use of hedging arrangements does not eliminate our exposure to commodity price risks and could result in financial losses or volatility in our income. We engage in hedging arrangements to reduce our direct exposure to fluctuations in the prices of crude oil, natural gas, and NGL, including differentials between regional markets. These hedging arrangements expose us to risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when production is less than expected, when the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contract obligations, or when there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the hedging agreement and the actual price received. In addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive from increases in prices for crude oil, natural gas, and NGL. Furthermore, our hedging arrangements cannot hedge against any decrease in the volumes of products we handle. See “ —Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products we handle. ” The markets for instruments we use to hedge our commodity price exposure generally reflect then-prevailing conditions in the underlying commodity markets. As our existing hedges expire, we will seek to replace them. To the extent then-existing underlying market conditions are unfavorable, new hedging arrangements available to us will reflect such unfavorable conditions, limiting our ability to hedge our exposure to commodity prices on terms that are economically favorable to us. When we engage in hedging transactions (for example, to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices or currency exchange rates or to balance our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates) that we believe are effective economically, these transactions may not be considered effective for accounting purposes. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements may reflect volatility due to these hedges, even when there is no underlying economic impact at the dates of those consolidated financial statements. In addition, it may not be possible for us to engage in hedging transactions that completely eliminate our exposure to commodity prices; therefore, our consolidated financial statements may reflect a gain or loss arising from an exposure to commodity prices for which we are unable to enter into a completely effective hedge. For more information about our hedging activities, see Item 7A. “ Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ” and Note 13 “Risk Management” to our consolidated financial statements. A breach of information security or the failure of one or more key IT or operational (OT) systems, or those of third parties, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or business reputation. Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. Some of the operational systems we use are owned or operated by independent third-party vendors. The various uses of these systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to, controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. In accordance with government mandates, we have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program—both internal and incorporating industry expertise—designed to protect our IT, OT, and data systems from attacks, however, we can provide no assurance that our cybersecurity program will be completely effective. We have experienced increases in the number of attempts by external parties to access our networks or our company data without authorization. While we have taken additional steps to secure our networks and systems to specifically respond to new and elevated risks associated with remote work, we may nevertheless be more vulnerable to a successful cyber-attack or information security incident when significant numbers of our employees are working remotely. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational systems, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, has increased as attempted attacks, including acts of terrorism or cyber sabotage, which may be escalated during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions, have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them. We may also experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A significant failure, 27 compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems, which may result from problems such as ransomware, malware, computer viruses, hacking attempts, or third-party error or malfeasance, could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures, including malware and anti-virus software and controls, may not be successful in preventing these events, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant remedial resources. In the future, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures, to comply with regulations, to develop and implement government-mandated plans, and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Attacks, including acts of terrorism or cyber sabotage, or the threat of such attacks, may adversely affect our business or reputation. The U.S. government has issued public warnings indicating that pipelines and other infrastructure assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations or “cyber sabotage” events. Potential targets include our pipeline systems, terminals, processing plants, databases, or operating systems. Risk of these attacks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. The occurrence of an attack could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond or other financial loss, significant reporting requirements, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation, or inaccurate information reported from our operations. In the event of such an incident, we may need to retain cybersecurity experts to assist us in stopping, diagnosing, and recovering from the attack. There is no assurance that adequate cyber sabotage and terrorism insurance will be available at rates we believe are reasonable in the near future. The potential for an attack may subject our operations to increased risks and costs, and, depending on their ultimate magnitude, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or business reputation. Development of new technologies could create additional risk, or we may not have sufficient resources to manage our technology. Custom or new technology (including potential generative artificial intelligence) that is heavily relied upon by us or our counterparties may not be maintained and updated appropriately due to resource restraints, or other factors, which could cause technology failures or give rise to additional operational or security risks. Generative artificial intelligence or other new technology could also create additional regulatory scrutiny and generate uncertainty around intellectual property ownership and/or licensing or use. Technology (including artificial intelligence) is also subject to intentional misuse (by criminals, terrorists, or other bad actors). Technology failures or incidents of misuse could result in significant adverse effects on our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The acquisition of additional businesses and assets is part of our growth strategy. We may experience difficulties completing acquisitions or integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions. Part of our business strategy includes acquiring additional businesses and assets. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to find complementary acquisition targets or complete such acquisitions, or achieve the desired results from any acquisitions we do complete. Any acquired businesses or assets will be subject to many of the same risks as our existing businesses and may not achieve the levels of performance that we anticipate. We may not realize anticipated operating advantages and cost savings. Integration of acquired businesses or assets involves a number of risks, including (i) the loss of key customers of the acquired business; (ii) demands on management related to the increase in our size; (iii) the diversion of management’s attention from the management of daily operations; (iv) difficulties in implementing or unanticipated costs of accounting, budgeting, reporting, internal controls, and other systems; and (v) difficulties in the retention and assimilation of necessary employees. Difficulties in integration may be magnified if we make multiple acquisitions over a relatively short period of time. Because of difficulties in combining and expanding operations, we may not be able to achieve the cost savings and other size-related benefits that we hoped to achieve after these acquisitions, which would harm our financial condition and results of operations. Hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding, and other natural disasters, as well as subsidence and coastal erosion and climate-related physical risks, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Some of our pipelines, t

=== KMI_2026-04-24.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. There have been no material changes in the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A in our 2025 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. We do not own or operate mines for which reporting requirements apply under the mine safety disclosure requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. We have not received any specified health and safety violations, orders or citations, related assessments or legal actions, mining-related fatalities, or similar events requiring disclosure pursuant to the mine safety disclosure requirements of Dodd-Frank Act for the quarter ended March 31, 2026. Item 5. Other Information. During the quarter ending March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) adopted , terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 46 Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Cross Guarantee Agreement, dated as of November 26, 2014, among KMI and certain of its subsidiaries, with schedules updated as of March 31, 2026. 22.1 Subsidiary guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 Interactive data files (formatted as Inline XBRL). 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 47 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. KINDER MORGAN, INC. Registrant Date: April 24, 2026 By: /s/ David P. Michels David P. Michels Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 48 