=== BEN_2025-12-22.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14A-6(E)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Franklin Resources, Inc. FRANKLIN RESOURCES, INC (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from our Chairman and CEO Gregory E. Johnson Chairman of the Board Jennifer M. Johnson Chief Executive Officer December 22, 2025 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, The 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Franklin Resources, Inc. will be held virtually, and we cordially invite you to participate on February 3, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time (11:00 a.m. Eastern Time). Instructions for accessing the virtual meeting platform online are included in the Proxy Statement for this meeting. In recent years, we have evolved and intentionally diversified our business by adding a wide range of capabilities to help clients achieve their investment goals through a variety of market conditions and cycles. Our clients view us as a trusted partner with the ability to fulfill their comprehensive investment needs across public and private markets in investment vehicles of their choice. As we reflect on our fiscal year, global markets rallied significantly, despite ongoing geopolitical complexity and uncertainty. Against this backdrop, ending assets under management (AUM) were $1.66 trillion as of September 30, 2025, and long-term inflows increased 7.8% to $343.9 billion from $319 billion in the prior year. Long-term net outflows were $97.4 billion (including $30.4 billion of reinvested distributions). Excluding Western Asset, long-term net inflows were $44.5 billion compared to $16 billion in the prior year, with eight consecutive quarters of positive net flows. Fiscal 2025 marked the first year of our five-year plan, and we have made great strides across a number of key focus areas for the company. We saw record growth in retail separately managed accounts, exchange traded funds (ETFs) and Canvas , our custom indexing platform, each delivering positive net flows with double-digit AUM growth rates. Alternative AUM reached a record $270 billion after closing the Apera Asset Management acquisition with strong fundraising of $26.2 billion, including $22.9 billion in private markets. We are ahead of our five-year plan in alternatives fundraising, ETFs and Canvas, and on track in the other areas. While continuing to invest in long-term growth initiatives, we further strengthened the foundation of our business through disciplined expense management and operational efficiencies. Our balance sheet gives us the financial flexibility to continue to grow our business. This year, we returned $930 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, funded the majority of our remaining acquisition-related payments, and repaid $400 million senior notes due in March 2025. As always, we continue to prioritize our dividend, which has increased every year since 1981. We encourage you to review the accompanying Proxy Statement and to vote your shares before our annual meeting on February 3, 2026. On behalf of the Board and management team, thank you for your continued support and commitment to our firm. 2026 Proxy Statement i TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of annual meeting of stockholders Date Tuesday, February 3, 2026 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Virtual meeting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ BEN2026 We encourage you to allow ample time for online check-in, which will open at 7:45 a.m. Pacific Time. Record date Stockholders of record on December 5, 2025 are entitled to vote. Ways to vote Internet Telephone Mail Attend the virtual annual meeting Your vote is very important. Even if you think that you will attend the Annual Meeting, we ask you to please cast your vote in advance. You may vote your shares via the Internet, by telephone, by mail or, except for certain stockholders described on page 89 , via the virtual meeting website during the Annual Meeting. Items of business Proposals Board Recommendation 1 To elect 11 directors to the Board to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until that person s successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. For Further Details See page 7 FOR each director nominee 2 To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2026. For Further Details See page 72 FOR 3 To approve the amendment and restatement of the Company s 1998 Employee Stock Investment Plan, which includes increasing the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of the Company authorized for issuance under the ESIP by an additional 5,000,000 shares. For Further Details See page 73 FOR 4 To approve an amendment and restatement of the Company s 2002 Universal Stock Incentive Plan , which includes increasing the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of the Company authorized for issuance under the USIP by an additional 25,000,000 shares. For Further Details See page 79 FOR 5 To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers. For Further Details See page 87 FOR Stockholders will also transact such other business that may properly be raised at the Annual Meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the Annual Meeting. We are furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders primarily via the Internet rather than mailing paper copies of the materials to each stockholder. By doing so, we save costs and reduce the environmental impact of our Annual Meeting. On December 22, 2025, we mailed to certain of our stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice ) containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials and vote (online or by telephone). If you would like to request a paper copy of our proxy materials, follow the instructions in the Notice. Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on February 3, 2026 . The Notice, the Proxy Statement, and our 2025 Annual Report, are available online at www.proxyvote.com. These proxy materials are first being sent or made available to stockholders commencing on December 22, 2025. Attendance at the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting is being conducted virtually . Stockholders of record as of the record date can attend the Annual online, vote their shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting by by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BEN2026 , We encourage you to allow ample time for online check-in, which will open at 7:45 a.m. Pacific Time. By order of the Board of Directors, Courtney A. Hoffmann Secretary December 22, 2025 San Mateo, California ii Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of contents Letter from our Chairman and CEO i Notice of annual meeting of stockholders ii Proxy statement summary 1 PROPOSAL NO. 1: Election of directors 7 Corporate governance 16 Board leadership structure 16 Information about the board and its committees 17 Board meetings and annual meeting of stockholders 17 Committee membership and meetings 17 The audit committee 18 The compensation committee 19 The corporate governance committee 20 Stockholder Recommendation of Director Nominees 21 The board s role in risk oversight 22 Board processes and insights 23 Non-Employee director compensation 26 Director Fees 27 Stock ownership of certain beneficial owners 28 Stock ownership and stock-based holdings of directors and executive officers 29 Compensation discussion and analysis 31 Compensation committee report 52 Executive compensation 53 Summary compensation table for fiscal year 2025 53 Grants of plan-based awards for fiscal year 2025 54 Outstanding equity awards at 2025 fiscal year-end 55 Option exercises and stock vested for fiscal year 2025 56 Non-Qualified deferred compensation 56 Potential payments upon termination or change in control 57 Pay ratio 60 Pay versus performance 60 Compensation risk assessment 63 Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation 63 Equity compensation plan information 64 Report of the audit committee 65 Membership and role of the audit committee 65 Review of the company s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 65 Fees paid to independent registered public accounting firm 66 Pre-approval process and policy 67 Certain relationships and related transactions 68 Related person transaction policy 69 Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance 71 Delinquent section 16(a) reports 71 PROPOSAL NO. 2: Ratification of the appointment of independent registered public accounting firm 72 PROPOSAL NO. 3: Approval of the amendment and restatement of the Company s 1998 Employee Stock Investment Plan 73 PROPOSAL NO. 4: Approval of the amendment and restatement of the Company s 2002 Universal Stock Incentive Plan 79 PROPOSAL NO. 5: Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers 87 Questions and answers 88 Additional information 92 Stockholder proposals and nominations of directors at 2027 annual meeting 92 Contact the board of directors 93 Electronic access to proxy materials and annual meeting 93 Householding of proxy materials 93 Other matters 94 Appendix A: Franklin Resources, Inc. 1998 Employee Stock Investment Plan A-1 Appendix B: Franklin Resources, Inc. 2002 Universal Stock Incentive Plan B-1 2026 Proxy Statement iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement summary December 22, 2025 Franklin Resources, Inc. One Franklin Parkway San Mateo, California 94403-1906 This Proxy Statement and the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders are furnished in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Franklin Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), of the accompanying proxy to be voted at the 2026 Annual Meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ), which will be held on Tuesday, February 3, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. The Annual Meeting can be accessed by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BEN2026 , where you will be able to listen to the meeting live and vote online. Please note that this is the only means of accessing the Annual Meeting and only stockholders of record as of the Record Date will be able to access the Annual Meeting. This Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy card are being mailed and/or made available on or about December 22, 2025 to each stockholder entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. References to us, we or our as used throughout this Proxy Statement mean the Company. All materials filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) can be obtained through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 2026 Annual meeting information Date Tuesday, February 3, 2026 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Virtual meeting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ BEN2026 We encourage you to allow ample time for online check-in, which will open at 7:45 a.m. Pacific Time. Record date Stockholders of record on December 5, 2025 are entitled to vote. Items of business Proposals Board Recommendation 1 To elect 11 directors to the Board to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until that person s successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. For Further Details See page 7 FOR each director nominee 2 To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2026. For Further Details See page 72 FOR 3 To approve the amendment and restatement of the Company s 1998 Employee Stock Investment Plan, which includes increasing the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of the Company authorized for issuance under the ESIP by an additional 5,000,000 shares. For Further Details See page 73 FOR 4 To approve the amendment and restatement of the Company s 2002 Universal Stock Incentive Plan ( USIP ), which includes increasing the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of the Company authorized for issuance under the USIP by an additional 25,000,000 shares. For Further Details See page 79 FOR 5 To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers. For Further Details See page 87 FOR 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business highlights Who we are We are a global investment management organization with over $1.66 trillion in assets under management ( AUM ) as of September 30, 2025. Our mission is to help clients achieve better outcomes through investment management expertise, wealth management and technology solutions. Through our specialist investment managers, we offer specialization on a global scale bringing extensive capabilities in equity, fixed income, alternatives and multi-asset solutions. For over 75 years, we have been committed to providing clients with exceptional investment management services and have developed a globally diversified business, including through strategic acquisitions. Our strategy We have continued the successful evolution of our company to benefit our clients and meet their own evolving needs and preferences in pursuit of their financial goals. That includes progress executing on our long-term plan of further diversifying our business across asset classes, vehicles and geographies as well as increasing interconnectivity within our growing firm. From our expansion into alternative asset categories to solutions in the insurance and retirement channels and from private wealth management to customization and personalization to innovative technology-based solutions, we now offer comprehensive investment capabilities across public and private markets to clients around the world. Fiscal year 2025 marked the first year of Franklin Templeton s 5-Year Plan, and we've made great strides across a number of key strategic focus areas for the Company. The Company is ahead of the strategic plan for alternatives fundraising, Exchange Trade Funds (ETFs), and Canvas, and on track in the other areas. For additional information about our strategic initiatives, please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis 1. Executive Summary Executing on Corporate Strategy and Compensation Discussion and Analysis 3. Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Compensation Decisions Individual Accomplishments Jennifer M. Johnson Strategic Initiatives 2 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS SNAPSHOT OF OUR DIRECTORS Name Occupation Age Director Since Independent Committees Mariann Byerwalter Chairman of the Board, Pacific Mutual Holding Company 65 2015 Audit, Corporate Governance Alexander S. Friedman Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer, Novata Inc. 55 2021 Audit, Corporate Governance Gregory E. Johnson Executive Chairman, Franklin Resources, Inc. 64 2007 Jennifer M. Johnson Chief Executive Officer, Franklin Resources, Inc. 61 2020 Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. Vice Chairman , Franklin Resources, Inc. 85 1971 John Y. Kim Founder and Managing Partner, Brewer Lane Ventures LLC 65 2021 Compensation, Corporate Governance Karen M. King Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer, Silver Lake 53 2021 Audit, Compensation Anthony J. Noto Chief Executive Officer, SoFi Technologies, Inc. 57 2020 Audit, Corporate Governance John W. Thiel Executive Chairman Founder, Indivisible Partners, LLC 65 2021 Audit, Compensation Seth H. Waugh Former Chief Executive Officer, The PGA of America 67 2015 Compensation Geoffrey Y. Yang Managing Director and Founding Partner of Redpoint Ventures 66 2011 Compensation, Corporate Governance 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS Our Board and its committees are committed to high standards of corporate governance and have adopted thoughtful and effective practices and processes consistent with, and supportive of, our strategic objectives. Independent Oversight 8 of 11 directors are independent Strong Independent Lead Director with clearly delineated duties Regular executive session of independent directors All standing Board committees are composed entirely of independent directors Strong Corporate Governance Practices and Stockholder Rights Proxy Access right for stockholders No supermajority vote provisions Stockholders can act by written consent 25% of shares can call a special meeting One-share, one-vote standard Overboarding limits Stock Ownership Guidelines Trading Blackout Policy and prohibitions against hedging and pledging transactions CEO and executive leadership succession planning Accountability and Commitment to Continuous Improvement All directors are elected annually Robust annual Board and committee evaluations Active stockholder engagement Clawback Policy for executive officers Comprehensive Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Director orientation and continuing education programs EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS What We Do Align pay with performance: a significant portion of total compensation for all NEOs is performance-based Grant long-term awards based on meaningful performance measures Maintain clawback policies Require significant stock ownership Limit perquisites Retain an independent consultant to the Compensation Committee Regularly review incentive compensation plans and compensation practices Engage with stockholders regarding compensation practices What We Don t Do Provide excessive severance benefits Enter into change in control agreements with NEOs Provide excise tax gross-ups Reprice underwater stock options Permit hedging of Company stock Allow pledging of Company stock received as compensation Offer executive-specific retirement plans Pay dividends or dividend equivalents to NEOs on unvested performance shares 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS CEO Compensation Other NEOs Compensation Pay Type Pay Element Purpose Base Salary Fixed Cash Provides fixed pay for performing day-to-day responsibilities Short-Term Incentive At Risk Performance- Based Variable Compensation Cash Performance-based variable compensation reinforces our pay-for-performance culture Recognizes current year achievement of goals and objectives Total award amount determined and divided into short and long-term incentives All long-term incentive awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions Long-Term Incentive Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Performance-Based Share Units 2025 STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT We engage with stockholders to provide multiple opportunities for them to express their views so that we may consider those views as we evaluate our governance practices, executive compensation program and other matters of interest to stockholders. We value our stockholders feedback and we are committed to maintaining an active dialogue to ensure that we understand the priorities and concerns of our stockholders. In fiscal year 2025, we contacted our top 15 institutional shareholders, representing approximately 30% of our outstanding shares, and approximately 50% of our outstanding shares held by persons or entities other than Messrs. Charles B. Johnson and Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. and held meetings with the nine of these shareholders who requested to meet with us. Our outreach to stockholders focused on corporate governance, succession planning, director tenure and sustainability. No concerns regarding executive compensation were raised during these engagements. 6 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: Election of directors The Board, upon the recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee has nominated the following 11 candidates for election as members of the Board to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. Recommendation of the board FOR The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of each of the nominees listed below. The voting requirements for this proposal are described in the Questions and Answers section. Name Occupation Age Director Since Independent Committees Mariann Byerwalter Chairman of the Board, Pacific Mutual Holding Company 65 2015 Audit, Corporate Governance Alexander S. Friedman Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer, Novata Inc. 55 2021 Audit, Corporate Governance Gregory E. Johnson Executive Chairman, Franklin Resources, Inc. 64 2007 Jennifer M. Johnson Chief Executive Officer, Franklin Resources, Inc. 61 2020 Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. Vice Chairman, Franklin Resources, Inc. 85 1971 John Y. Kim Founder and Managing Partner, Brewer Lane Ventures LLC 65 2021 Compensation, Corporate Governance Karen M. King Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer, Silver Lake 53 2021 Audit, Compensation Anthony J. Noto Chief Executive Officer, SoFi Technologies, Inc. 57 2020 Audit, Corporate Governance John W. Thiel Executive Chairman Founder, Indivisible Partners, LLC 65 2021 Audit, Compensation Seth H. Waugh Former Chief Executive Officer, The PGA of America 67 2015 Compensation Geoffrey Y. Yang Managing Director and Founding Partner of Redpoint Ventures 66 2011 Compensation, Corporate Governance All nominees are current directors of the Company who were elected by stockholders. If any nominee becomes unable to serve, proxies will be voted for the election of such other person as the Board may designate, unless the Board chooses to reduce the number of directors. Each of the nominees has consented to serve as a nominee, to be named in this Proxy Statement, and to serve on the Board if elected. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board attributes Board skills and expertise The Corporate Governance Committee and the Board believe that the director nominees have the requisite experience, qualifications, attributes and skills to provide the Company with effective oversight of a global investment management organization and to support the Company s strategy. Summarized below are certain key skills (and qualifications) that led the Board, as recommended by the Corporate Governance Committee, to nominate each candidate for election. 8 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominee Biographies Board committees: Audit Corporate Governance Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Strategy and Execution Global Business Government and Regulatory Sustainability Risk Management and Compliance Mariann Byerwalter Independent Lead Director Age: 65 Director since: 2015 Career highlights: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Pacific Mutual Holding Company since 2022 Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of SRI International, having served as Chairman from January 2014 through December 2019 Chairman of JDN Corporate Advisory, LLC, a privately held advisory services firm, since 2001 From 2006 to 2013, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Stanford Healthcare, and from January 2016 to July 2016, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and President of Stanford Healthcare. Served on the Stanford Health Care Board of Directors from 1999 to 2013 and from 2015 until September 2024 From 1996 to 2001, she served as the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President for Business Affairs and Special Assistant to the President of Stanford University Partner and co-founder of America First Financial Corporation from 1987 to 1996 Director, Redwood Trust, Inc. from 1998 to June 2020 Trustee of various investment companies affiliated with Charles Schwab Corporation Key attributes, experience and skills: Ms. Byerwalter s significant financial expertise provides the Board with valuable perspectives on finance, accounting and investment management matters. From her leadership roles at Stanford University and several financial institutions she has a deep understanding of accounting and strategic planning as well as wide-ranging management expertise. Ms. Byerwalter s current and prior service on the boards of private and public companies as well as with non-profit organizations including SRI International, Pacific LifeCorp and Pacific Mutual Holding Company, Burlington Capital Group, Lyric.ai, Stanford Healthcare, Lucile Packard Children s Hospital, and the Stanford University Board of Trustees also provides our Board with the benefit of her perspectives on business, corporate governance and citizenship. Board committees: Audit CHAIR Corporate Governance Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Strategy and Execution Global Business Marketing and Distribution Government and Regulatory Sustainability Risk Management and Compliance Technology/Cyber Alexander S. Friedman Independent Age: 55 Director since: 2021 Career highlights: Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Novata Inc., a public benefit corporation committed to simplifying the process of collecting, analyzing and benchmarking sustainability data since 2021 Co-Founded Jackson Hole Economics, a non-profit private economic research firm, in January 2019 Chief Executive Officer of GAM Holding AG, a publicly listed international investment management firm, from September 2014 to November 2018 Global Chief Investment Officer of UBS AG Wealth Management and Wealth Management Americas, Chairman of the UBS Global Investment Committee and Group Managing Director from February 2010 to September 2014 Chief Financial Officer of the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation from March 2007 to February 2010 Director, Investment Banking at Lazard from June 2001 to March 2007 Key attributes, experience and skills: Mr. Friedman s experience as a senior business leader with two decades of experience growing and transforming businesses in the financial services industry, and as the senior financial executive of the world s largest foundation, provides the Board with valuable insights on financial matters, investment and wealth management, strategic planning and operational integration and development. Mr. Friedman is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and also serves on the advisory council of Social Finance, a non-profit organization dedicated to mobilizing capital to drive social progress, and the advisory board of America Needs You, a non-profit organization focused on college access for first generation college students. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Artificial Intelligence Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Marketing and Distribution Risk Management and Compliance Strategy and Execution Sustainability Technology/Cyber Gregory E. Johnson Career highlights: Age: 64 Director since: 2007 Executive Chairman since February 2020, Chairman of the Board since June 2013 and director of the Company since January 2007 Chairman of the San Francisco Giants, a professional baseball team, since November 2019 Chief Executive Officer of the Company from July 2005 to February 2020 Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company from January 2004 to July 2005 President of the Company from December 1999 to September 2015 Officer and/or director of certain subsidiaries of the Company Director or trustee of certain funds registered as investment companies managed or advised by subsidiaries of the Company Key attributes, experience and skills: Mr. G. Johnson brings leadership and extensive business and operating experience, as well as significant knowledge of our Company and the global fund management industry, to the Board. Mr. G. Johnson is a Certified Public Accountant and prior to joining the Company, was a senior accountant with Coopers Lybrand. Over his 30-year tenure with the Company, Mr. G. Johnson has held officer and director positions with various subsidiaries of the Company; hands-on experience that provides him with in-depth knowledge of the Company s operations. Mr. G. Johnson s presence on the Board provides the Board with management s current perspectives on the Company s business and strategic vision for the Company. Mr. G. Johnson s service on various boards of industry organizations, including the Investment Company Institute s Board of Governors, also provides the Board with the benefit of additional perspectives on industry developments, including regulatory and policy issues. He is a past Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Investment Company Institute and currently serves on its Executive Committee. Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Artificial Intelligence Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Government and Regulatory Marketing and Distribution Risk Management and Compliance Strategy and Execution Sustainability Technology/Cyber Jennifer M. Johnson Career highlights: Age: 61 Director since: 2020 Chief Executive Officer and Director since February 2020 and President of the Company from December 2016 to October 2025 Chief Operating Officer of the Company from February 2017 to February 2020 Co-President of the Company from October 2015 to December 2016 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company from March 2010 to September 2015 Executive Vice President Operations and Technology of the Company from December 2005 to March 2010 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Company from May 2003 to December 2005 Officer and/or director of certain subsidiaries of the Company, including certain of the specialist investment managers acquired through the Legg Mason transaction Director or trustee of certain funds registered as investment companies managed or advised by subsidiaries of the Company Director of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a science service company since July 2023 Key attributes, experience and skills: Ms. Johnson brings significant experience leading and working with all parts of our business, as well as extensive knowledge of the global investment management industry. Over her 35-year tenure with the Company, Ms. Johnson has held leadership roles in all major divisions of the business, including investment management, global distribution, customer service, fund administration, global technology, and the Company s high-net-worth business. This extensive hands-on experience provides her with in-depth knowledge of the Company s operations. She has been a key driver of many key acquisitions, including the acquisitions of Legg Mason in 2020 and Putnam Investments in 2024, as well as the expansion of the Company s alternative investment capabilities through the acquisitions of Lexington Partners in April 2022 and Alcentra in November 2022. Under Ms. Johnson s leadership, the Company continues to invest strategically in areas designed to deliver strong client results, including financial technology and investment data science. 10 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key attributes Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Risk Management and Compliance Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. Career highlights: Age: 85 Director since: 1971 Vice Chairman of the Company since December 1999 and director of the Company since 1971 Officer and/or director of certain subsidiaries of the Company Officer and/or director or trustee of certain funds registered as investment companies managed or advised by subsidiaries of the Company Key attributes, experience and skills: Mr. R.H. Johnson, Jr. s service as Vice Chairman of the Company and as an officer, director or trustee of various subsidiaries of the Company and Franklin Templeton mutual funds since its inception provides the Board with significant knowledge of and insights into the Company and the global fund management industry in which we operate. His fundamental knowledge of the Company gained over 60 years gives him an important perspective on the Company and provides significant leadership, business and operational expertise to the Board. Mr. R. H. Johnson, Jr. has served on various industry boards and committees addressing investment company issues including the Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute. In his capacity with the Company, he has served as Director of Research and is a portfolio manager for one of its funds. He provides the Board with a unique perspective on critical components of the Company s business. Board committees: Compensation Corporate Governance Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Government and Regulatory Risk Management and Compliance Strategy and Execution Technology/Cyber John Y. Kim Independent Age: 65 Director since: 2021 Career highlights: Founder and Managing Partner of Brewer Lane Ventures LLC, an early stage fintech venture capital firm, since 2019 President of New York Life Insurance Company from 2015 to 2018 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of New York Life Investment Management from 2008 to 2015 President of Prudential Retirement from 2004 to 2007 President of Cigna Investments and Retirement from 2002 to 2004 Chief Executive Officer of Bondbook, a financial technology company, from 2001 to 2002 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Aeltus Investment Management, an investment subsidiary of Aetna, from 1994 to 2000 Board of Trustees, Eversource Energy since 2018 Director of FiServ, a global provider of financial services technology, from 2016 to 2018 Key attributes, experience and skills: Mr. Kim brings leadership and extensive business and technology experience to the Board, including direct management of asset management firms. In addition, Mr. Kim s significant experience as chief executive officer of a variety of companies provides valuable insights into leadership, growth, and strategy. Mr. Kim currently serves on the boards of several privately held technology startup companies in FinTech including Cowbell, Ease Capital, Exos, Kingfield, Ladder Financial, Inc. and Socotra. His service on various public and private boards of industry organizations provides additional perspectives on asset management, insurance, and technology. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board committees: Audit Compensation Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Government and Regulatory Risk Management and Compliance Sustainability Technology/Cyber Karen M. King Independent Age: 53 Director since: 2021 Career highlights: Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of Silver Lake, a global investment firm focused on large-scale opportunities in the technology, technology-enabled, and related growth sectors Formerly held a variety of roles at Silver Lake since 2004 Key attributes, experience and skills: Ms. King s experience with Silver Lake provides the Board with valuable perspective and experience in the alternative investments area, specifically in the private equity space, as well as strategic matters relating to M A activity and fundraising transactions. Her management experience at Silver Lake also provides the Board with an additional perspective on regulatory matters and cybersecurity matters. Ms. King s involvement with Silver Lake s portfolio companies, including as a current member of the board of directors of Relativity, Qualtrics and Endeavor, acting as an Advisor to Eudia (formerly Cicero) and previous service on the boards of Aras and Serena Software, as well as her service on various non-profit boards, including the Duke University Board of Trustees, United States Olympic and Paralympic Foundation and as former Chair of the American Leadership Forum Silicon Valley and former Chair of the Menlo School Board of Trustees, provides the board with additional perspectives on governance. Board committees: Audit Corporate Governance Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Government and Regulatory Marketing and Distribution Risk Management and Compliance Strategy and Execution Sustainability Technology/Cyber Anthony J. Noto Independent Age: 57 Director since: 2020 Career highlights: Chief Executive Officer and a director of SoFi Technologies, Inc. (SoFi), a digital financial services company, since March 1, 2018 Director of Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. since January 2025 Chief Operations Officer from 2017 until 2018, Chief Operations Officer and Chief Financial Officer from 2016 to 2017, and Chief Financial Officer from 2014 to 2016, of Twitter, Inc., a global social media company Partner, Co-Head, Global Technology, Media and Telecom Investment Banking from 2011 to 2014, and Partner, Investment Banking Division from 2010 to 2011, at Goldman Sachs Co Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2010 of the National Football League Key attributes, experience and skills: As Chief Executive Officer of SoFi, Mr. Noto brings valuable fintech industry experience. He has overseen SoFi s expansion from a desktop lending business to a broad-based, mobile-first personal financial platform, offering users investment products including stocks, ETFs, cryptocurrency trading, as well as loans and cash management accounts. He also brings valuable leadership, strategic, financial and operations experience, having previously served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Twitter, Inc., and as Chief Financial Officer of the National Football League. During his nearly 13 years at Goldman Sachs Co., Mr. Noto developed a deep understanding of the technology, media and telecommunications industries, including serving as Co-Head of Global Technology, Media and Telecommunications Investment Banking, and Co-Head of Communications, Media and Entertainment Investment Research. His current and prior experience provides the Board with the benefit of his perspective on trends in the financial industry, including developments in the fintech and social media spaces, and finance matters. 12 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board committees: Audit Compensation Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Government and Regulatory Marketing and Distribution Strategy and Execution John W. Thiel Independent Age: 65 Director since: 2021 Career highlights: Executive Chairman and Founder of Indivisible Partners, LLC, a registered investment adviser, since January 2025 Partner and Senior Advisor with MyNextSeason, an executive coaching firm, since 2018 Formerly with Bank of America Merrill Lynch Wealth Management from 1989 to 2018, serving as Vice Chairman of Global Wealth and Investment Management of Bank of America Merrill Lynch from 2017 to 2018 Head of Merrill Lynch Wealth Management from 2011 to 2016 Head of Private Banking and Investment Group at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management from 2005 to 2011 Pacific West Regional Managing Director of Private Banking and Investment Group at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management from 2001 to 2005 Market Executive at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management from 1997 to 2001 District Sales Manager at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management from 1995 to 1997 Financial Advisor at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management from 1989 to 1995 Key attributes, experience and skills: Mr. Thiel brings deep global leadership and extensive asset, investment and distribution management expertise to the Board as well as operating experience, including navigating complex relationships. Client-focused, Mr. Thiel is recognized as a transformative leader who, during his tenure at Merrill Lynch, accelerated growth and drove dramatic cultural and strategic transformation while forming effective internal and external partnerships. He is a director of Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. and Executive Chairman of Forabaya, LLC. Mr. Thiel s long-term commitment to philanthropy and his community includes service on the board of V Foundation for Cancer Research, and as the chair of Don t Ever Give Up, Inc. Board committees: Compensation CHAIR Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Marketing and Distribution Strategy and Execution Technology/Cyber Seth H. Waugh Independent Age: 67 Director since: 2015 Career highlights: Former Chief Executive Officer and current Senior Adviser of The PGA of America, an American organization of golf professionals, since 2018 Former Managing Director, Partner and current Senior Advisor at Silver Lake since 2017 Non-executive chairman of Alex. Brown, a division of Raymond James, from 2016 to 2019 Vice Chairman of Florida East Coast Industries, LLC, the parent company of several commercial real estate, transportation and infrastructure companies based in Florida, from 2013 to 2017 From 2000 to 2013, Mr. Waugh served in various roles at Deutsche Bank Americas, including Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Chief Executive Officer of Quantitative Financial Strategies, a hedge fund Served in various capacities at Merrill Lynch over 11 years, including Co-head of Global Debt Markets Director of Yext, Inc. since 2020 Key attributes, experience and skills: Mr. Waugh s significant experience in the financial sector provides the Board with valuable perspectives on capital markets and investment management. Having held various leadership roles at Deutsche Bank and other financial institutions, Mr. Waugh brings strong leadership skills as well as deep knowledge of operational and strategic matters to the Board. His prior service on the boards of the Deutsche Bank Americas Advisory Board, the Deutsche Bank Americas Foundation, The Clearing House, the Financial Services Forum and the Board of Governors of FINRA provides our Board with the benefit of his substantial expertise in financial industry developments and corporate citizenship. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board committees: Compensation Corporate Governance CHAIR Key attributes: Accounting and Financial Executive Leadership Financial Services Global Business Government and Regulatory Marketing and Distribution Risk Management and Compliance Strategy and Execution Technology/Cyber Geoffrey Y. Yang Independent Age: 66 Director since: 2011 Career highlights: Managing Director and Founding Partner of Redpoint Ventures, a private equity and venture capital firm, since 1999 General Partner with Institutional Venture Partners from 1987 to 1999 Director of Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. since April 2022 Director of Silver Lake Private Equity, L.P since May 2025 Director of AT T, Inc. from July 2016 to April 2022 Director of Liberty Media Acquisition Corp. from January 2021 to December 2022 Director of BigBand Networks from 1999 to 2011 Director of Ask Jeeves 1999 to 2004 Director of TiVo from 1997 to 2009 A member of the President s Information Technology Advisory Committee for the United States from 2003-2007 Key attributes, experience and skills: Mr. Yang s experience as a Managing Director of Redpoint Ventures provides the Board with valuable perspectives on financial and strategic matters as well as expertise in the capital markets. Mr. Yang co-founded Redpoint Ventures in 1999, after having previously been a General Partner with IVP since 1987. With approximately $7 billion of capital under management, Redpoint invests in venture capital and early growth stage technology companies. Some of the companies in which Redpoint has invested include DraftKings, Hashicorp, Netflix, Snowflake, Stripe and Twilio. In addition, Mr. Yang is the CEO/founder of Performance Health Sciences (d/b/a Apeiron Life), the CEO/founder of The Odds, the Chairman/founder of Rock the Bells, the Chairman/Founder of Sake Ono, and serves on the board of these companies as well as Esquel and Scribd. These experiences bring strategic direction, growth and technology expertise to the Board. Mr. Yang s current and prior service on the boards of several private and public companies as well as with non-profit organizations including as current Chairman of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Foundation, the Naval Postgraduate Advisory Board, the Workday CEO Advisory Board, the President s Advisory Committee at Princeton University, McLaren Advisory Team, and formerly serving on the Advisory Council for the Stanford Graduate School of Business, the U.S. Golf Association, and the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Foundation provides our Board with the benefit of his perspectives on business, corporate governance and citizenship, and finance. Family relationships Jennifer M. Johnson and Gregory E. Johnson are siblings, and their uncle is Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. Each serves as both a director and an executive officer of the Company. 14 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director independence The Board has adopted Director Independence Standards for determining whether a director is independent, which are posted in the corporate governance section of the Company s website. The Board will monitor and review as necessary, but at least once annually, commercial, charitable, family and other relationships that directors have with the Company to determine whether the Company s directors are independent. For purposes of the Company s Director Independence Standards, the Company refers to Franklin Resources, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. For a director to be considered independent, the Board must affirmatively determine that the director does not have material relationships with the Company either directly, or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. Such determination will be made and disclosed pursuant to applicable NYSE listing standards, together with such other requirements imposed by applicable law or regulation. A material relationship can include, but is not limited to, commercial, industrial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable and family relationships. In accordance with the Company s Director Independence Standards, described more fully below, and the rules of the NYSE, the Board has affirmatively determined that it is currently composed of a majority of independent directors, and that the following director nominees are independent and do not have a material relationship with the Company: Mariann Byerwalter Alexander S. Friedman John Y. Kim Karen M. King Anthony J. Noto John W. Thiel Seth H. Waugh Geoffrey Y. Yang As part of its determination, the Board considered the transactions and relationships described below under Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and applied our Director Independence Standards as adopted by the Board, which includes categorical standards to assist the Board in making independence determinations and specifies the types of relationships that are deemed not material and, therefore, not considered each year. As considered and described under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, from time to time, our directors, executive officers and employees, members of their immediate families and companies, affiliates of companies or investment vehicles managed by companies that employ or are associated with our directors may have investments in various investment vehicles or accounts sponsored or managed by the Company s specialist investment managers ( SIMs ) or other subsidiaries or utilize our products or services in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable products or services provided to unaffiliated third parties. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, our SIMs or other subsidiaries may from time to time invest client assets in companies in which certain of our directors may be a director or in which certain affiliates of our directors may be significant stockholders or invest client assets in funds and other investment vehicles managed by entities affiliated with certain of our directors. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board leadership structure Mr. Gregory E. Johnson has served as Chairman of the Board since June 2013 and Executive Chairman of the Company since February 2020. Our CEO, Ms. Jennifer M. Johnson, serves as a director, but does not have a chair or lead director role on the Board. Ms. Mariann Byerwalter was selected by the independent directors as the Lead Director. The Board believes that its leadership structure strengthens the Board s ability to focus on key risk, business and strategic issues and helps the Company operate in the long-term interests of stockholders. The duties of the Lead Director are set forth in the Lead Director Charter available on the Company s website and include: presiding at the executive sessions of the independent directors and of the non-employee directors of the Board; presiding at meetings of the Board in the absence of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board or upon the request of the Chairman; calling meetings of the independent directors and non-employee directors of the Board, as appropriate; serving as a liaison to facilitate communications between other members of the Board and the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the CEO and the President, without inhibiting direct communications between and among such persons; advising and consulting with the Chairman and CEO on, and approving, Board and committee meeting schedules, including the need for special meetings as appropriate, and Board and committee meeting agenda items, to help ensure that appropriate items are brought forward for Board and committee consideration and appropriate time is apportioned for discussion; advising and consulting with the Chairman and CEO on the general scope and type of information to be provided in advance and/or to be presented at Board meetings; in coordination with the Chairman, serving as a liaison to stockholders who request direct communications and consultation with the Board or otherwise delegating such task to an appropriate member of the Board based on the circumstances; consulting with outside counsel and other advisors as he or she deems appropriate in fulfilling the Lead Director role; collaborating with the Compensation Committee on the annual performance evaluation of the CEO; and collaborating with the Corporate Governance Committee on matters related to Board effectiveness and independence including the performance and structure of the Board and its committees, and the performance of individual directors. The Board does not have a fixed policy regarding the separation of the offices of the Chairman and CEO and the Corporate Governance Committee reviews the Board s leadership structure annually with the Board. The Board believes that the current structure is appropriate because it facilitates clear leadership for the strategic vision, management and operations of the Company while maintaining effective independent oversight of management and the Company s strategy, risk management and operations. The Board also believes this structure allows for robust and frequent communication between the Board s independent directors and management, enabling the Board to gain a deeper understanding of the Company and work with management to enhance shareholder value. However, the Board recognizes that the optimal leadership structure may change as circumstances evolve. 16 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS Information about the board and its committees Board committees Committee membership and meetings The current standing committees of the Board are the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee is composed entirely of directors who meet the applicable independence requirements under the NYSE listing standards and the Director Independence Standards established by the Board. The table below provides current membership and meeting information. Audit Compensation Corporate Governance Mariann Byerwalter Alexander S. Friedman CHAIR John Y. Kim Karen M. King Anthony J. Noto John W. Thiel Seth H. Waugh CHAIR Geoffrey Y. Yang CHAIR Fiscal year 2025 Meetings 5 7 3 The key responsibilities, recent activities and focus areas of each committee are summarized below. Each committee s written charter is available on the corporate governance section of the Company s website at www.franklinresources.com (the Company s website ) 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES The audit committee Members: Alexander S. Friedman CHAIR Mariann Byerwalter Karen M. King Anthony J. Noto John W. Thiel The Board has determined that each Audit Committee member is financially literate under the NYSE listing standards and is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the rules of the SEC. Number of meetings in fiscal year 2025: 5 Key responsibilities: Overseeing Company s financial reporting, auditing and internal control activities, including the integrity of the Company s financial statements. Reviewing the qualifications, independence, and performance of the independent auditor, and being responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the independent auditor, including approval of all services and fees of the independent auditor. Overseeing the performance of the internal audit function. Reviewing the anti-money laundering policies, procedures and operations of the Company on a periodic basis. Preparing the Report of the Audit Committee included in the Company s annual proxy statement. Overseeing the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Assisting the Board in reviewing the Company s enterprise risk assessment and risk management program with respect to key risks, including risks related to cybersecurity (as described more fully below under Risk Management and the Board s Role in Risk Oversight ). 18 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES The compensation committee Members: Seth H. Waugh, CHAIR John Y. Kim Karen M. King John W. Thiel Geoffrey Y. Yang Number of meetings in fiscal year 2025: 7 Key responsibilities: Overseeing the establishment of goals and objectives related to CEO compensation, determining the compensation of the CEO, and discharging the responsibilities of the Board relating to compensation of the Company s executive officers. Assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities relating to management succession planning. Administering, reviewing and recommending applicable amendments to the Company s clawback policies for recovering incentive-based compensation. Reviewing and approving compensation arrangements between the Company and members of the Board. Reviewing and discussing with management proposed Compensation Discussion and Analysis disclosure and determining whether to recommend it to the Board for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement. Preparing the Compensation Committee Report regarding executive compensation matters for the Company s proxy statement. The Compensation Committee generally adheres to the following processes and procedures in connection with the consideration and determination of the compensation of the Company s executive officers and directors. Determination of Executive Compensation. The Compensation Committee meets periodically throughout the year to (i) review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the executive officers, (ii) evaluate the performance of the executive officers in light of those goals and objectives, and (iii) determine and approve the compensation of the executive officers. For a detailed description regarding the Compensation Committee s role in setting executive compensation, including the role of the Compensation Committee s compensation consultant and the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) in the process, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Determination of Non-executive Director Compensation. The Compensation Committee meets at least annually to review and make recommendations to the Board on the compensation (including equity-based compensation) of the Company s non-executive directors. In reviewing and making recommendations on non-executive director compensation, the Compensation Committee considers, among other things, the following policies and principles: that the compensation should fairly pay the directors for the work, time commitment and efforts required by directors of an organization of the Company s size and scope of business activities, including service on Board committees; that a component of the compensation should be designed to align the directors interests with the long-term interests of the Company s stockholders; and that directors independence may be compromised or impaired for Board or committee purposes if director compensation exceeds customary levels. As a part of its review, the Compensation Committee receives a report from its independent consultant on comparable non-executive director compensation practices and levels. No executive officer of the Company is involved in determining or recommending non-executive director compensation levels. For a description regarding the role and scope of assignment of the Compensation Committee s compensation consultant with respect to executive compensation, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. See the section of this Proxy Statement titled Director Fees below, for a discussion of compensation paid to the Company s directors during fiscal year 2025. Directors who are executives of the Company do not receive compensation for their Board service. Incentive Plan Matters. The Compensation Committee also administers, among other plans and awards, the Company s Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, the 2002 Universal Stock Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated 1998 Employee Stock Investment Plan and the Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. We refer to the 2002 Universal Stock Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated 1998 Employee Stock Investment Plan and the Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan collectively as our equity incentive plans . 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES The corporate governance committee Members: Geoffrey Y. Yang CHAIR Mariann Byerwalter Alexander S. Friedman John Y. Kim Anthony J. Noto Number of meetings in fiscal year 2025: 3 Key responsibilities: Recommending to the Board nominees for election and directors to serve on each standing Board committee. Developing and recommending to the Board minimum qualifications that the Committee believes must be met by a potential nominee for director. Developing and recommending to the Board corporate governance policies and procedures applicable to the Company. Overseeing the evaluation of the Board, its committees and individual directors. Overseeing the Company s political activities and related policies, including reviewing and approving our Political Activities Statement . Identifying and recommending to the Board s independent directors potential Lead Director candidates from among the independent directors. Overseeing the Company s approach to corporate responsibility and sustainability and environmental, social and governance matters (including reviewing related stockholder engagement). Director Nomination Process. The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for identifying and recommending to the Board potential director candidates for nomination and election to the Board at the annual meeting of stockholders. It uses a variety of means as it determines are necessary or appropriate, including recommendations of stockholders, to do so. The Corporate Governance Committee has adopted a policy regarding nominations and qualifications of directors, which has been approved by the Board. Under this policy, the Corporate Governance Committee may solicit recommendations from current and former directors, management or others who may be familiar with qualified candidates and may consider current directors for re-nomination. The Corporate Governance Committee may, in its sole discretion, retain and terminate any search firm (and approve such search firm s fees and other retention terms) to assist in the identification of candidates. The Corporate Governance Committee believes there are certain minimum skills and qualifications that each director nominee must possess or satisfy, including: high personal and professional integrity and ethical character; significant achievement in business, finance, government, education, law, technology or other fields important to the operation of the Company; the ability to exercise sound business judgment on a broad range of issues; sufficiently broad experience and professional and educational background to have a general appreciation of the major issues facing public companies of a size and scope similar to the Company; the willingness and ability to devote the necessary time to Board duties, including preparing for and attending meetings of the Board and its committees; and being prepared to represent the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and committed to enhancing stockholder value. 20 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES The Corporate Governance Committee also believes there are other skills and qualifications that at least one or more directors must possess or satisfy, including: experience and knowledge of the industry sector in which the Company operates its business; a majority of the directors being independent directors in accordance with the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE; at least three directors meeting the additional independence requirements for members of the Audit Committee of the Board in accordance with the applicable rules of the NYSE and the SEC; at least three directors who are eligible to serve on the Audit Committee of the Board being financially literate or capable of becoming financially literate within a reasonable period of time; at least one director who is eligible to serve on the Audit Committee of the Board being an audit committee financial expert in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC; at least three directors meeting the additional independence requirements for members of the Compensation Committee of the Board in accordance with the applicable rules of the NYSE and the SEC; and other standards the Board may adopt from time to time. In considering candidates for director nominees, the Corporate Governance Committee generally assembles information regarding a candidate s background and qualifications, evaluates a candidate s mix of skills and qualifications and determines the contribution the candidate could be expected to make to the overall functioning of the Board, giving due consideration to the overall Board balance of diversity of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. The Corporate Governance Committee reviews annually with the Board the composition of the Board as a whole, including whether the Board reflects the appropriate balance of independence, sound judgment, business specialization, technical skills, diversity and other desired qualities. The Company does not have a Company Board or executive officer gender diversity policy with targets. With respect to current directors, the Corporate Governance Committee considers past attendance at meetings and assesses participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee, in its discretion, may designate one or more of its members to interview any candidate. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee may seek input from the Company s management or the Board, who may interview any candidate. The Corporate Governance Committee recommends director nominees to the Board based on its assessment of overall suitability to serve on the Board in accordance with the Company s policy regarding nominations and qualifications of directors. Stockholder Recommendation of Director Nominees. The Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates recommended for nomination to the Board by stockholders of the Company. Stockholders may make such a recommendation by submitting a completed Director Nomination Form, which is posted in the corporate governance section of the Company s website, not later than the close of business on the 120 th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 150 th day prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Company first (i) mailed its notice of annual meeting, proxy statement and proxy or (ii) sent its notice of annual meeting and notice of internet availability of its proxy materials, whichever is earlier, for the immediately preceding year s annual meeting. Completed Director Nomination Forms shall be sent to: Corporate Governance Committee, Franklin Resources, Inc., c/o Corporate Secretary, One Franklin Parkway, San Mateo, CA 94403-1906. This year our Proxy Statement was mailed on or about December 22, 2025 for a recommendation to be properly made for the 2027 annual meeting, we must receive the notice of recommendation between July 25, 2026 and August 24, 2026. The Corporate Governance Committee evaluates candidates recommended by stockholders generally in the same manner as any other candidate. The Corporate Governance Committee will also seek and consider information concerning any relationship between a stockholder recommending a candidate and the candidate to determine if the candidate can represent the interests of all of the stockholders. The Corporate Governance Committee will not evaluate a candidate recommended by a stockholder unless the Director Nomination Form provides that the potential candidate has indicated a willingness to serve as a director, to comply with the expectations and requirements for Board service as publicly disclosed by the Company and to provide all of the information necessary to conduct an evaluation. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES The board s role in risk oversight We recognize the importance of effective risk management to the success of our business and our stockholders and have long-standing and highly developed structures in place to manage risk. The Board has principal responsibility for oversight of the Company s risk management processes. Our Board s role in risk oversight is well-supported by having as directors an experienced Chairman and CEO, both of whom have extensive knowledge of and experience with the risks that the Company faces. In addition, the Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board are composed entirely of independent directors, as described above in Committee Membership and Meetings, which the Board believes also enhances risk oversight. 22 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES Board processes and insights Board meetings, executive sessions and annual meeting of stockholders During fiscal year 2025, the Board held five meetings (not including committee meetings). For fiscal year 2025, each of the directors attended at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board held during the period he or she served as a director and (ii) the total number of meetings of each committee on which he or she served during the period. To promote open discussion among the independent directors, the independent directors meet in executive session at least two times per year and generally meet in executive session at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Mariann Byerwalter, the Lead Director, presides at the executive sessions of the independent directors. The Board encourages directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. All directors attended last year s annual meeting. Board and committee evaluation process The Board believes that conducting an annual evaluation process is a critical component of good corporate governance and improves the performance of the Board as a whole and its committees. In collaboration with the Lead Director, the Corporate Governance Committee oversees the annual performance evaluation of the Board. The Chair of each of the committees leads the review of their respective committees and shares this information with the Lead Director who discusses these results with the Board as part of the Board s self-evaluation process. Each Committee holds a candid evaluation of its performance, using established guidelines as a resource, and the Board holds a similar evaluation of its performance. The results of the evaluation are discussed in a closed session of the independent directors led by the Lead Director and the committee Chairs. A summary of the evaluation results and recommendations for improvement is then reported to the full Board, and Company policies and practices are updated, as appropriate. Director orientation and continuing education The Corporate Governance Committee oversees the Company's orientation for newly elected directors, which may include presentations by senior management to familiarize new directors with the Company s strategic plans, significant financial, accounting and risk management issues, compliance program, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines, principal officers, and internal and independent auditors. In addition, the orientation may include visits to Company headquarters and, to the extent appropriate, other of the Company s significant facilities. Continuing education opportunities are also available to keep directors updated with information about the Company and its strategy, operations and other matters relevant to Board service. Directors are encouraged to attend continuing education programs sponsored by universities, stock exchanges or other organizations. The Company will reimburse the reasonable costs and expenses associated with such programs. Management succession planning The Company is committed to attracting, developing and retaining top executive talent. The Board, with assistance from the Compensation Committee, oversees the succession planning for the management of the Company, including policies and principles for the selection and performance review of our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers, as well as policies regarding succession in the event of an emergency or the departure of the Chief Executive Officer. Governance policies and procedures The Company regularly monitors regulatory developments and reviews its policies and procedures in the area of corporate governance to respond to such developments. As part of those efforts, we review federal laws affecting corporate governance, as well as corporate governance-related rules adopted by the SEC and the NYSE, as appropriate. Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are posted in the corporate governance section of the Company s website. The inclusion of our website address or reference to our website here and elsewhere in this Proxy Statement does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our website into this Proxy Statement. The Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the practices the Board follows with respect to, among other things, the composition of the Board, director responsibilities, Board committees, director access to officers, employees and independent advisers, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, management succession and performance evaluation of the Board. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which is applicable to all employees, temporary employees, directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is posted in the corporate governance section of the Company s website. The Company also has a Compliance and 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES Ethics Hotline, where employees and applicable third parties can anonymously report a violation of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct or submit another question or concern. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or a waiver of, a provision of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on the Company s website. Insider Trading Blackout Policy . The Board has adopted an insider Trading Blackout Policy, which is applicable to all designated employees, temporary employees, directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Trading Blackout Policy is posted in the corporate governance section of the Company s website. The Trading Blackout Policy is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations with respect to the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of the Company s securities, as well as the applicable rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. The Trading Blackout Policy addresses the implementation of certain trading blackout periods in the Company s securities (including common stock, debt, options and other related derivative securities) for covered persons. Director Independence Standards. The Board has adopted Director Independence Standards for determining whether a director is independent, which are posted in the corporate governance section of the Company s website. The Board will monitor and review as necessary, but at least once annually, commercial, charitable, family and other relationships that directors have with the Company to determine whether the Company s directors are independent. See Director Independence on page 15 for additional information. Policy Regarding Multiple Board Memberships. The Board has adopted a policy regarding memberships on boards of directors or equivalent governance bodies of unaffiliated publicly traded companies or other entities. If a director of the Company also serves as the principal executive officer, such as the chief executive officer or president, of a publicly traded company, it is the policy of the Board that such director shall not accept membership on a board of directors or equivalent governance body of another publicly traded company, without first informing and obtaining the consent of the Company s Corporate Governance Committee, if such new membership would result in the director serving contemporaneously on three or more boards of directors or equivalent governance bodies of unaffiliated publicly traded companies, excluding the Company s Board. If a director does not serve as a principal executive officer, such as a chief executive officer or president, of a publicly traded company, it is the policy of the Board that such director shall not accept membership on a board of directors or equivalent governance body of another publicly traded company, without first informing and obtaining the consent of the Company s Corporate Governance Committee, if such new membership would result in the member serving contemporaneously on four or more boards of directors or equivalent governance bodies of publicly traded companies, excluding the Company s Board. Prohibition Against Hedging Transactions. Pursuant to the Company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which is applicable to all employees, temporary employees, directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, short sales of securities, including short sales against the box (i.e., a short sale by the holder of a long position in the same stock) of securities issued by the Company, and securities issued by any closed-end fund sponsored or advised by the Company, are prohibited. This prohibition also applies to effecting economically equivalent transactions, including, but not limited to, purchasing and selling call or put options and swap transactions or other derivatives that would result in a net short exposure to the Company or any closed-end fund sponsored or advised by the Company. Prohibition Against Pledging. Pursuant to the Company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, unless otherwise previously approved by the Compensation Committee, directors and executive officers are prohibited from directly or indirectly pledging, hypothecating or otherwise encumbering securities issued by the Company as collateral for indebtedness. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, holding such securities in a margin account that could cause securities issued by the Company to be subject to a margin call or serve as collateral for a margin loan. Securities issued by the Company that were not received as compensation are not subject to the prohibition as long as the holder of such securities remains in compliance with applicable Stock Ownership Guidelines. If any person has subject securities issued by the Company pledged as collateral or held in a margin account when such person becomes a director or executive officer of the Company, the pledge must be released within one year from the date the person became a director or executive officer. Stock Ownership Guidelines. The Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers. Directors and executive officers are permitted a five-year grace period to reach the applicable ownership level established under the guidelines. Our Directors are expected to own shares of common stock of the Company with a value of at least 5x the value of their annual cash retainer within five years of their appointment to the Board. Similarly, executive officers of the Company are expected to own shares of common stock of the Company with a value equal to a specific multiple of such executive officer s base salary, as indicated in the table below, by five years from when he or she first assumed the position for which stock ownership is expected: 24 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES Title Market Value of Shares Owned as a Multiple of Base Salary Director 5X Executive Chairman 5X Vice Chairman 5X Chief Executive Officer 5X President 4X Executive Vice President 4X Other Executive Officers 3X Both direct and certain indirect forms of ownership are recognized in achieving these guidelines, including shares owned outright, unvested time-based restricted stock and restricted stock units, 401(k) plan funds invested in shares of the Company s common stock, and funds deemed invested in shares of the Company s common stock under the 2006 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Shares of the Company s common stock held by immediate family members (which includes a director s or executive officer s spouse, children and parents) or entities controlled by a director or executive officer may be considered holdings of the director or executive officer for purposes of the guidelines only and not as an admission of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. As of December 19, 2025, all directors and executive officers were in compliance with these guidelines. Corporate Forum-Selection Bylaws. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws ( Bylaws ) provide that, unless the Board consents to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, or certain other actions or claims, involving the Company or our directors, officers, employees or agents. The forum-selection provision is designed to help the Company manage corporate litigation risks. Executive compensation clawback policy The Company s general employee compensation clawback practices provide for recovery of compensation amounts (i) in connection with fraud or a breach of securities law by an individual or (ii) when (A) the Company issues a restatement of financial results to correct a material error; (B) the Compensation Committee determines, in good faith, the individual s fraud or willful misconduct was a significant contributing factor to the need to issue such restatement; and (C) some or all of an award awarded to that individual prior to such restatement and/or shares of the Company s common stock or mutual fund shares that were awarded and/ or other property earned by the individual prior to such restatement would not have been awarded and/or earned, as applicable, based upon the restated financial results. In addition, effective for compensation awarded for periods beginning on or after October 1, 2023, the Board adopted an Executive Compensation Clawback Policy ( Clawback Policy ). The Clawback Policy provides for the mandatory recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation following accounting restatements from persons who served as an executive officer of the Company at any time during the performance period for such incentive-based compensation and who received such compensation during the three fiscal years preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. The compensation to be recovered is the amount in excess of what would have been paid based on the restated results. Recovery will be required on a no fault basis, without regard to whether any misconduct occurred and without regard to whether an executive officer was responsible for the erroneous financial statements. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES Non-employee director compensation The following table provides information on the total compensation earned by the Company s directors in fiscal year 2025. As officers of the Company, Jennifer M. Johnson, Gregory Johnson and Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. did not receive separate directors fees and, accordingly, they have been omitted from this table. Fiscal year 2025 director compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3) Total ($) (4) Mariann Byerwalter 202,000 195,011 397,011 Alexander S. Friedman 197,000 195,000 392,000 John Y. Kim 319,000 319,000 Karen King 352,000 352,000 Anthony J. Noto 127,000 195,011 322,011 John W. Thiel 162,000 195,011 357,011 Seth H. Waugh 137,000 195,000 332,000 Geoffrey Y. Yang 181,500 195,011 376,511 (1) Fees include quarterly retainer fees, excess meeting attendance fees and fees for service as a committee chair. Fees also include meeting fees for serving on ad hoc committees. Fees are awarded in cash, the payment of which may be deferred pursuant to the 2006 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (the Director Deferred Plan ) described below under Deferred Director Fees. Pursuant to the Director Deferred Plan, directors may elect to defer payment of their directors fees and stock awards into hypothetical investments in common stock of the Company and/or in Company-sponsored mutual funds. If a director receives fees in cash or elects to defer fees (including the annual stock grant) into hypothetical units of Company-sponsored mutual funds, such amounts are included in this column. Any such director fees deferred into hypothetical shares of the Company s common stock are included in the Stock Awards column. See notes 2 and 3 below. (2) Stock Awards amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value, determined in accordance with the requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ( ASC 718 ), associated with (i) an annual stock grant made on February 4, 2025, provided such stock grant is not deferred into hypothetical units of Company-sponsored mutual funds (see note 1 above), and (ii) director fees earned in fiscal year 2025 but whose payment is deferred into hypothetical shares of the Company s common stock and eventually payable in cash. See Deferred Director Fees below. The valuation assumptions (i) for the annual stock grant are the closing price for the common stock on the NYSE on the grant date (February 4, 2025) and (ii) for the deferred hypothetical shares of Company common stock are changes in the closing price of the common stock on the NYSE during fiscal year 2025, and the reinvestment of dividends declared by the Company. Because of the required accounting treatment under ASC 718, the stock award amounts for fees earned in fiscal year 2025 and deferred into hypothetical shares of common stock may vary (up or down) to reflect market prices of the common stock. (3) The following represents the grant date fair value determined in accordance with ASC 718 for all Stock Awards granted in fiscal year 2025. See Note 16 Stock-Based Compensation in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2025 for further details. Name Actual Common Stock ($) Deferred Hypothetical Shares ($) Mariann Byerwalter 195,011 Alexander S. Friedman 195,000 John Y. Kim 319,000 Karen King 352,000 Anthony J. Noto 195,011 John W. Thiel 195,011 Seth H. Waugh 195,000 Geoffrey Y. Yang 195,011 (4) Mr. G. Johnson is the Executive Chairman of the Company and Chairman of the Board and does not receive compensation for his service as a director. Ms. Johnson is the CEO of the Company and does not receive compensation for her service as a director. See the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025 below. Mr. R. H. Johnson, Jr. is the Vice Chairman of the Company and does not receive compensation for his service as a director. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions below for information regarding his fiscal year 2025 compensation. In addition, investment offerings may be provided to directors without charging management or performance fees consistent with the terms offered to other employees who meet the applicable requirements. As of September 30, 2025, Mr. Friedman had investments of $856,838 in these funds. 26 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS Director fees Standard compensation arrangements As of September 30, 2025, the compensation arrangements for non-employee directors consist of the board and meeting fees, and annual equity award, below. Lead director retainer. The director designated by the independent directors of the Board as the lead director of the Board is entitled to receive an annual lead director cash retainer fee of $35,000 (one-fourth of which is paid quarterly). Director retainer and special meeting fee. Non-employee directors are entitled to receive an annual Board cash retainer fee of $100,000 (one-fourth of which is paid quarterly), plus $5,000 for each Board meeting attended by such director in excess of the five regularly scheduled Franklin Board meetings per fiscal year. Director annual equity award. Non-employee directors are also entitled to receive an annual equity award on the date of each annual organizational meeting of the Board, valued at $195,000 (rounded up to the nearest whole share). Committee chairperson retainers. The Chairperson of the Audit Committee is entitled to receive an annual cash retainer fee of $30,000 (one-fourth of which is paid quarterly), and the Chairpersons of the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee each is entitled to receive an annual cash retainer fee of $25,000 (one-fourth of which is paid quarterly). Committee member retainers. Each member of the Audit Committee (including the Chairperson) is entitled to receive an annual cash retainer fee of $15,000 (one-fourth of which is paid quarterly), and each member of the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee (including each committee s Chairperson) is entitled to receive an annual cash retainer fee of $12,000 (one-fourth of which is paid quarterly). Special committee meeting fees. Additionally, a $1,500 special committee meeting cash fee is payable to (i) each member of the Audit Committee for each Audit Committee meeting attended by such member in excess of 10 Audit Committee meetings per fiscal year, (ii) each member of the Compensation Committee for each Compensation Committee meeting attended by such member in excess of eight Compensation Committee meetings per fiscal year, and (iii) each member of the Corporate Governance Committee for each Corporate Governance Committee meeting attended by such member in excess of eight Corporate Governance Committee meetings per fiscal year. Further, a $2,500 special committee meeting cash fee is payable to each member of an ad hoc special committee addressing litigation and regulatory matters for each such committee meeting attended by such member subject to applicable limitations per member as approved by the Board. Other board compensation. In addition, the Company reimburses directors for certain expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and committee meetings as well as other related events, including travel, hotel accommodations, meals and other incidental expenses for the director and his or her spouse accompanying the director in connection with such events. Deferred director fees The Company allows non-employee directors to defer payment of their directors fees and stock awards in a manner that is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ( Code ), and to treat the deferred amounts as hypothetical investments in common stock of the Company and/or in Company-sponsored mutual funds, as selected by the director. Directors are then credited with the same earnings, gains or losses that they would have incurred if the deferred amounts had been invested in the specific investments and for the specific periods as directed by each particular director. Additionally, directors who defer their directors fees and stock awards are credited with notional dividends and other distributions at the same time, in the same form, and in equivalent amounts as dividends and other distributions that are payable from time to time with respect to investments selected by each particular director. On the payout dates elected by a director, the hypothetical investments are valued and the Company must pay the director or his or her beneficiary a cash amount equal to the value of the hypothetical investments. Payouts may be made in a lump sum or in periodic installments consistent with director elections. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Stock ownership of certain beneficial owners The following table contains information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 5, 2025, by the stockholders that our management knows to beneficially own more than five percent of our outstanding common stock as of such date. The percentage of ownership is calculated based on 521,390,673 outstanding shares of common stock on December 5, 2025. Except as otherwise noted, each beneficial owner in the following table had sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Shares Beneficially Owned (2) Percent of Class Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. (3) 104,203,443 20.0% Charles B. Johnson (4) 98,651,261 18.9% The Vanguard Group (5) 32,296,534 6.2% Great-West Lifeco Inc. (6) 31,557,117 6.1% BlackRock, Inc. (7) 29,501,986 5.7% (1) The addresses of Messrs. C. B. Johnson and R. H. Johnson, Jr. are: c/o Franklin Resources, Inc., One Franklin Parkway, San Mateo, CA 94403-1906. (2) The number of shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under rules promulgated by the SEC. (3) Includes 102,453,045 shares held in a trust for which Mr. R. H. Johnson, Jr. is trustee; 29,914.38 shares held in the 401(k) Plan; 563,735 shares held in an individual retirement account ( IRA ); 10,116 shares held by spouse (disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares); and 1,146,633 shares held by a private charitable foundation for which he is trustee (disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares). (4) Includes 90,137,677 shares held in a trust for which Mr. C.B. Johnson is trustee; 25,108 shares held in the 401(k) Plan; 4,059,651 shares held in an IRA; and an aggregate of 4,428,825 shares held by two private charitable foundations for which he is trustee (disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares). (5) Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A of The Vanguard Group, Inc. filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, reporting shares of Company common stock owned as of December 29, 2023. Includes (i) shared power to vote or direct to vote 398,169 shares, (ii) sole power to dispose of or direct the disposition of 31,012,786 shares, and (iii) shared power to dispose of or direct the disposition of 1,283,748 shares. Principal business office address is 100 Vanguard Blvd, Malvern, PA 19355. (6) Based solely on a Schedule 13G of Great-West Lifeco Inc. filed with the SEC on January 5, 2024, reporting shares of Company common stock owned as of January 1, 2024. Includes shared power to vote or direct to vote and shared power to dispose of or direct the disposition of 31,557,117 shares. Principal business office address is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada R3C 3A5. (7) Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A of BlackRock, Inc. filed with the SEC on January 29, 2024, reporting shares of Company common stock owned as of December 31, 2023. Includes (i) sole power to vote or direct to vote 27,044,363 shares, and (ii) sole power to dispose of or direct the disposition of 29,501,986 shares. Principal business office address is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. 28 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS Stock ownership and stock-based holdings of directors and executive officers The following table contains information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 5, 2025 by: each director and director nominee; each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025 below; and all current directors, director nominees and executive officers of the Company as a group (including named executive officers). The percentage of ownership is calculated based on 521,390,673 outstanding shares of common stock on December 5, 2025. Except as otherwise noted, each beneficial owner in the following table had sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Total Company Stock-Based Holdings (2) Percent of Shares Beneficially Owned (3) Directors and Director Nominees: Mariann Byerwalter (4) 17,403 44,591 * Alexander S. Friedman 36,277 * Gregory E. Johnson (5) 7,337,616 7,337,616 1.4% Jennifer M. Johnson (6) 8,269,286 8,269,286 1.6% Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. (7) 104,203,443 104,203,443 20.0% John Y. Kim 64,750 * Karen M. King 59,091 * Anthony J. Noto 39,559 39,559 * John W. Thiel 33,199 33,199 * Seth H. Waugh 2,414 71,024 * Geoffrey Y. Yang 66,471 127,719 * Named Executive Officers: Jennifer M. Johnson (see above) Matthew Nicholls (8) 548,947 548,947 * Gregory E. Johnson (see above) Terrence J. Murphy (9) 186,159 186,159 * Adam B. Spector (10) 625,558 625,558 * All directors, nominees and executive officers as a group (16 persons) (11) 121,790,365 122,182,701 23.4% * Represents less than 1% of the outstanding common stock. (1) The number of shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under rules promulgated by the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares over which that person has or shares voting or investment power, plus any shares that the person may acquire within 60 days. The Company has no outstanding stock options. (2) For non-employee directors, this column combines beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with deferred director fees held by certain non-employee directors in an account economically equivalent to our common stock (but payable in cash), as of December 5, 2025. See Director Fees Deferred Director Fees for a description of deferred director fees. For named executive officers, this column includes time-based unvested restricted stock units held by such officers. Restricted stock units do not confer voting or dispositive power. This column indicates the alignment of the named persons with the interests of the Company s stockholders because the value of their total holdings will increase or decrease correspondingly with the price of the Company s common stock. Other than beneficially owned shares of our common stock, the amounts described in this footnote are not included in the calculation of the percentages contained in the Percent of Shares Beneficially Owned column of this table. (3) The percent ownership for each stockholder on December 5, 2025 is calculated by dividing (i) the total number of shares beneficially owned by the stockholder by (ii) the total number of shares outstanding on December 5, 2025 plus any shares acquirable by that person currently or within 60 days after such date. (4) Shares held by a revocable family trust for which Ms. Byerwalter is sole trustee with voting and investment power. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Stock Ownership and Stock-Based Holdings of Directors and Executive Officers (5) Mr. G. Johnson is also a named executive officer of the Company. Includes 7,680 shares held in the 401(k) Plan, 54,324 unvested restricted stock units, and an aggregate of 2,969,100 shares held by two limited partnerships. Also includes 252,415 shares held by his children or children s trusts for which he is trustee, 216,900 shares held by sibling venture limited partnership for which he is manager, 26,444 shares held by spouse, and 1,178,795 shares held by a private charitable foundation for which he is trustee (in each case disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares). (6) Ms. Johnson is also a named executive officer of the Company. Includes 2,643 shares held in the 401(k) Plan, 587,199 unvested restricted stock units, an aggregate of 2,854,600 shares held by two limited partnerships. Also includes 595,649 shares held by her children or children s trusts for which she is trustee, 309,256 shares held in trusts for niece/nephews for which she is trustee, and 1,177,954 shares held by a private charitable foundation for which she is trustee (in each case disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares). (7) See footnote (3) under Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners above. (8) Includes 221,029 unvested restricted stock units. (9) Includes 130,531 unvested restricted stock units. (10) Includes 208,874 unvested restricted stock units. (11) Includes an aggregate of 40,237 shares held in the 401(k) Plan and 1,686,706 unvested restricted stock units. 30 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation discussion and analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) provides an overview and analysis of our executive compensation program and the decisions made regarding the compensation of our named executive officers, who are our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, and our three other highest paid executive officers in fiscal year 2025 (together, our NEOs ). It explains how the Compensation Committee made 2025 performance-year compensation decisions for our NEOs, and provides financial and operational highlights to illustrate how our executive compensation design and decision-making aligns with the Company s performance and business objectives. This CD A should be read together with the compensation tables that follow this section. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, our NEOs were: Jennifer M. Johnson Chief Executive Officer (1) Gregory E. Johnson Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board Matthew Nicholls Co-President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (2) Terrence J. Murphy Co-President and Head of Public Market Investments (2) Adam B. Spector Former Executive Vice President and Head of Global Distribution (3) This CD A, introduced by an executive summary, is organized into the following five sections, which begin on the page numbers referenced below. CD A TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. Executive Summary 31 2. Compensation Elements 36 3. Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Compensation Decisions 38 4. Our Compensation Decision-Making Process 47 5. Other Compensation Matters 49 1. Executive Summary Our compensation philosophy Our Compensation Committee believes that executive compensation should be strongly linked to our performance both for our investors and for our clients who entrust us to manage their investments and in turn drive our success. We recognize the importance of our compensation decisions to these constituencies and believe the design and implementation of our executive compensation program reflects this stewardship. Accordingly, we seek to maintain an executive compensation program that is designed to attract and retain skilled executives, incentivize executives to deliver returns for our clients and thus maximize our financial performance and the creation of stockholder value, and align executives interests with those of our stockholders. We aim to achieve these objectives by granting a significant majority of executive compensation in the form of at-risk compensation, where the value of compensation is dependent on our performance. Our at-risk compensation is typically granted in the form of (i) annual incentive cash bonus awards and restricted stock unit ( RSU ) awards granted under our Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (the AIP ) that are earned based on certain annual performance objectives and (ii) performance-based RSU awards that are earned and vest based on achievement of annual and three-year financial performance objectives. We currently do not grant stock options. The significant equity portion of our at-risk compensation serves to align the interests of our NEOs with those of our stockholders. In addition, the Compensation Committee recognizes that NEOs implement and effect long-term initiatives for the Company that often take more than one fiscal year to accomplish and, accordingly, should receive a significant percentage of their compensation in the form of equity that does not immediately vest. (1) Ms. Johnson relinquished the title of President effective October 15, 2025. (2) As discussed under Strengthening leadership below, Messrs. Nicholls and Murphy were appointed Co-Presidents of the Company, together with Daniel Gamba, Co-President and Chief Commercial Officer, effective October 15, 2025. (3) Effective October 15, 2025, Mr. Spector was appointed chief executive officer of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Fiduciary Trust International, and no longer serves as an executive officer of the Company. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS In making executive compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee exercises structured judgment to evaluate each NEO s performance in light of financial and non-financial performance objectives that it believes are important to the growth and welfare of the Company and for long-term value for our stockholders. These performance objectives emphasize the achievement of Company-wide investment and financial performance objectives as well as strategic initiatives which typically are focused on business unit and individual performance objectives that are specific to each NEO. Below is a summary of the objectives that the Compensation Committee assesses when making compensation decisions. Performance Objectives Primary Considerations Investment Performance Ratings are weighted 10%, 40%, 40%, and 10% for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year investment management performance respectively, including performance relative to peers and performance of our alternative SIMs Financial Metrics (vs Target) Adjusted operating revenue, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings per share, and three-year stockholder return Strategic Execution and Leadership/Management Further enhance investment management platform; strengthen investment services for investment teams; evolve distribution to diversify clients, geography and investment vehicles; focus on firm-wide effectiveness and efficiencies; accelerate growth by adding capabilities through opportunistic acquisitions, innovate new business models and revenue streams; human resources matters including fostering an inclusive culture Distribution Performance Flows including sales and redemptions; long-term organic growth rates and effective fee rates vs peers The weighting of performance metrics used by the Compensation Committee in determining our CEO s fiscal year 2025 annual incentive award is as depicted below: 32 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Compensation mix for our NEOs The following chart shows the breakdown of the types of compensation paid or granted to our NEOs for fiscal year 2025, which illustrates the Compensation Committee s emphasis on at-risk, equity-based and performance-based components of our executive compensation program. COMPENSATION MIX 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2025 Financial performance Financial Performance Measures Impacting Executive Compensation In fiscal year 2025, we continued to focus on key areas that directly support the firm s multi-year strategic plan to drive organic growth including executing on mergers and acquisitions ( M A ) opportunities that position us to capitalize on industry change. In addition, we continued to invest in opportunities that will support our strategy, including augmentation of our alternative investment strategies and ESG offerings. The Compensation Committee evaluated fiscal year 2025 performance in light of its philosophy that a significant portion of executive compensation should be at-risk and tied to the Company s performance. The chart below compares the results of our key financial performance measures for the current fiscal year against last fiscal year: Key Financial Performance Measures (as of and for fiscal years ended September 30) 2025 2024 Percentage Change 2025 vs. 2024 Ending Assets Under Management ($ billions) $1,661.2 $1,678.6 (1 %) Average Assets Under Management ($ billions) $1,606.7 $1,565.8 3 % Adjusted Operating Revenue ($ millions) (1) $6,701.1 $6,564.8 2 % Adjusted Operating Income ($ millions) (1) $1,640.2 $1,713.1 (4 %) Adjusted Net Income ($ millions) (1) $1,195.8 $1,276.7 (6 %) Adjusted Earnings Per Share (1) $ 2.22 $ 2.39 (7 %) Adjusted Operating Margin (1) 24.5% 26.1% Three-Year Stockholder Return 7.9% (7.9%) (1) See discussion of supplemental non-GAAP financial measures in Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. Fiscal year 2025 investment management performance We are committed to delivering strong investment performance for our clients, offering a broad range of strategies and drawing on our diverse experiences and perspectives gained through our long history in the investment management business. We know that success demands smart and effective business innovation, solutions and technologies, and we remain focused on investment excellence, innovating to meet evolving client goals, and building strong partnerships by delivering superior client service. We continue to focus on the long-term investment performance of our investment products and on providing high quality service to our clients. A key driver of our overall success is the long-term investment performance of our investment products. A measure of the performance of these products is the percentage of AUM exceeding peer group medians and benchmarks. We compare the relative performance of our mutual funds against peers, and of our strategy composites against benchmarks. The performance of our mutual fund products against peer group medians and of our strategy composites against benchmarks is presented in the table below. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Peer Group Comparison (1) % of Mutual Fund AUM in Top Two Peer Group Quartiles Benchmark Comparison (2) % of Strategy Composite AUM Exceeding Benchmark As of September 30, 2025 1-Year 3-Year 5-Year 10-Year 1-Year 3-Year 5-Year 10-Year Fixed Income 53% 71% 71% 64% 68% 76% 83% 92% Equity 60% 62% 49% 58% 37% 41% 34% 44% Total AUM (3) 51% 57% 62% 54% 53% 55% 52% 62% (1) Mutual fund performance is sourced from Morningstar and measures the percentage of ranked fund AUM in the top two quartiles of their peer groups. Mutual Fund AUM measured for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods represents 40%, 39%, 39%, and 36%, respectively of our total AUM as of September 30, 2025. (2) Strategy composite performance measures the percent of composite AUM beating its benchmark. The benchmark comparisons are based on each account s/composite s (strategy composites may include retail separately managed accounts and mutual fund assets managed as part of the same strategy) return as compared to a market index that has been selected to be generally consistent with the asset class of the account/ composite. Total strategy composite AUM measured for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods represents 56%, 55%, 55%, and 50% of our total AUM as of September 30, 2025. (3) Total AUM includes performance of the Company s alternative and multi-asset funds, and total strategy composite AUM includes performance of the Company s alternative composites. Alternative and multi-asset AUM represent 16% and 12% of our total AUM at September 30, 2025. 34 Franklin Resources TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executing on corporate strategy Fiscal year 2025 marked the first year of Franklin Templeton s 5-Year Plan, and we've made great strides across a number of key strategic focus areas for the Company. The Company is ahead of the strategic plan for alternatives fundraising, Exchange Trade Funds (ETFs), and Canvas, and on track in the other areas. The Company continued its strategic expansion of its alternatives platform, reinforcing Franklin Templeton s position as a leading manager of alternative assets with $264 billion in AUM. In fiscal year 2025, the Company increased alternatives fundraising, expanded the Company s presence in the wealth management channel, and enhanced capabilities through strategic partnerships. In addition, on October 1, 2025, we further strengthened our private debt platform through our acquisition of Apera Asset Management, increasing our private credit AUM to $95 billion and broadening reach across mid-market European markets. Franklin Templeton also advanced its diversification strategy across investment vehicles, positioning the Company to capture evolving investor preferences and strengthen long-term growth and competitiveness, resulting in record growth in retail SMAs, ETFs, and Canvas. The Company strengthened global institutional partnerships, expanding Franklin Templeton s role as a trusted strategic advisor, including $15.7 billion in new insurance sub-advisory fundings and multi-billion-dollar relationships across all regions, including the appointment as Trustee and Manager of the $1.68 billion National Investment Fund of the Republic of Uzbekistan. During the fiscal year, we also expanded and strengthened our offerings and capabilities in other key areas. We expanded our ability to offer investments solutions across investment teams and public and private markets to clients and added Rich Nuzum to lead the expansion of the OCIO business. We also strengthened Fiduciary Trust International, our wealth management business, which grew to $43 billion of AUM, through the appointment of Adam Spector as chief executive officer of Fiduciary to accelerate Fiduciary s next phase of growth. Franklin Templeton continued to expand its leadership in digital assets and blockchain innovation, growing tokenized and digital AUM to $1.7 billion, a 75% increase from the prior fiscal year. As one of the only global asset manager offering digitally native, on-chain mutual fund tokenization, we introduced first-of-their-kind features for registered money market funds, including intra-day yield calculation and daily yield payouts year-round. We also established a strategic partnership with Binance, the world s largest crypto exchange, to collaborate on digital asset product development and innovation initiatives. In order to support and augment strategic growth and better support or clients, Franklin is engaged in an enterprise-wide Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) transformation, integrating capabilities across investment management, operations, sales, and marketing. These AI initiatives include the accelerated adoption of Agentic AI and launching of scalable platforms, including strategic partnerships with Microsoft and WandAI, delivering measurable operational efficiencies and commercial impact. For additional information about our Strategic Initiatives, please see 3. Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Compensation Decisions Individual Accomplishments Jennifer M. Johnson Strategic Initiatives . Stockholder engagement on compensation and say on pay We engage with stockholders to provide multiple opportunities for them to express their views so that we may consider those views as we evaluate our governance practices, executive compensation program and other matters of interest to stockholders. We value our stockholders feedback and we are committed to maintaining an active dialogue to ensure that we understand the priorities and concerns of our stockholders. This year we will submit an advisory proposal on the compensation of our NEOs (a say-on-pay proposal ) to our stockholders for consideration. Our focus on at-risk compensation has been strongly supported by our stockholders in the past. At our 2023 annual meeting of stockhold