=== BEN_2025-11-10.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. MARKET AND VOLATILITY RISKS Volatility and disruption of our business and financial markets and adverse changes in the global economy may significantly affect our results of operations and put pressure on our financial results. We derive substantially all of our operating revenues and income from providing investment management and related services to investors in jurisdictions worldwide through our investment products, which include our funds, as well as institutional and high-net-worth separate accounts, retail separately managed account programs, sub-advised products, and other investment vehicles. Related services include fund administration, sales and distribution, and shareholder servicing, which we may perform directly or outsource to third parties. The investment management industry continues to experience disruption and challenges, including continued fee pressure, regulatory changes, an increasing and changing role of technology in investment management services, the continuous introduction of new products and services, and the consolidation of financial services firms through mergers and acquisitions. Further, financial markets have experienced and may continue, from time to time, to experience volatility and disruption worldwide. Declines in global economic markets have periodically resulted, and may continue to result, in significant decreases in our AUM, revenues and income, and future declines may further negatively impact our financial results. Such declines have had, and may in the future have, a material adverse impact on our business. We may need to modify our business, strategies or operations and we may be subject to additional constraints or costs in order to compete in a changing global economy and business environment. Individual financial, equity, debt and commodity markets may be adversely affected by financial, economic, operational, political, electoral, diplomatic or other changes and/or instabilities that are particular to the country or region in which a market is located, including without limitation local acts of terrorism, economic crises, political protests, war, insurrection or other business, social or political crises. For example, the Ukraine-Russia and Middle East wars and/or conflicts may continue to develop and/or expand globally and significantly impact the global economy and financial markets, which may have an adverse effect on our investment performance and flows in certain products. Global economic conditions, exacerbated by war, terrorism, social, civil or political unrest, natural disasters, public health crises, such as epidemics or pandemics, or financial crises, changes in the equity, debt or commodity marketplaces or market operations, changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, the yield curve, defaults by trading counterparties, bond defaults, revaluation and bond market liquidity risks, geopolitical risks, the imposition of economic sanctions and other factors that are difficult to predict, affect the mix, market values and levels of our AUM. Changing market conditions could also cause an impairment to the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. The amount and mix of our AUM are subject to significant fluctuations, and a shift in our asset mix toward lower-fee products may negatively impact our revenues and income . Fluctuations in the amount and mix of our AUM may be attributable in part to market conditions outside of our control that have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our revenues and income. The level of our revenues depends largely on the level and relative mix of AUM. Our investment management fee revenues are based primarily on a percentage of AUM and vary with the types and strategies of our products. Any decrease in the value or amount of our AUM because of market volatility or other factors, such as asset outflows or a decline in the price of securities, in particular market segments or in the securities market generally, negatively impacts our revenues and income. Changing market conditions and investor preferences may cause a shift in our asset mix toward certain lower fee products, such as fixed income products and ETFs, and away from higher fee equity and alternative products, which may cause a related decline in our revenues and income. In addition, increases in interest rates, particularly if rapid, as well as uncertainty in the future direction of interest rates, may have a negative impact on our fixed income products and decrease the total return on bond investments due to lower market valuations of existing bonds. Moreover, we generally derive higher investment management and distribution fees from our international products than from our U.S. products, and higher sales fees from our U.S. products than from our international products. Changing market conditions may cause a shift in our asset mix between international and U.S. products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and income. Our funds may be subject to liquidity risks or an unanticipated large number of redemptions and fund closures. Due to market volatility, reputational harm or other events or conditions described above, our funds may need to sell securities or instruments that they hold, possibly at a loss, or draw on any available lines of credit, to obtain cash to maintain sufficient liquidity or settle redemptions, or settle in-kind with securities held in the applicable fund. While we have no legal or contractual obligation to do so, we have in the past provided, and may in the future at our discretion 16 Table of Contents provide, financial support to our funds to enable them to maintain sufficient liquidity in any such event. Changes in investor preferences regarding our more popular products have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, sizable redemptions and lower the value of our AUM, which would result in lower revenue and operating results. Increased market volatility and changes in investor preferences also increase the risk of fund closures. Any decrease in the level of our AUM resulting from market declines, credit or interest rate volatility or uncertainty, increased redemptions or other factors could negatively impact our revenues and income. INVESTMENT PERFORMANCE AND REPUTATIONAL RISKS Poor investment performance of our products could reduce the level of our AUM or affect our sales, and negatively impact our revenues and income. Our investment performance, along with achieving and maintaining superior distribution and client service, is critical to the success of our business. Strong investment performance often stimulates sales of our products. Poor investment performance, as has been and may be periodically experienced by certain of our products, as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products, has led, and could in the future lead, to a decrease in sales of our products and stimulate redemptions from existing products, generally lowering the overall level of AUM and reducing the management fees we earn. We can provide no assurance that past or present investment performance in our products will be indicative of future performance. If we fail, or appear to fail, to successfully and promptly address the underlying causes of poor investment performance, our future business prospects would likely be negatively affected. Harm to our reputation may negatively impact our revenues and income. Our reputation is critical to the success of our business. We believe that our brand names have been, and continue to be, well received both in our industry and with our clients, reflecting the fact that our brands, like our business, are based in part on trust and confidence. If our brands or reputation are harmed, existing clients may reduce amounts held in, or withdraw entirely from, our products and services, and/or our clients and products may terminate their management agreements with us, which could reduce the amount of our AUM and cause us to suffer a corresponding loss in our revenues and income. Such impacts could materially and adversely affect our profitability, lead to further business and operational disruptions, and expose us to additional costs and increased reputational damage and risk. In addition, reputational harm may prevent us from attracting new clients or developing new business, and any inability to meet applicable client, regulatory or other requirements may adversely impact our reputation and business. GLOBAL OPERATIONAL RISKS Our business and operations are subject to adverse effects from the outbreak and spread of contagious diseases. The outbreak and spread of contagious diseases have had, and may in the future have, adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a widespread global public health crisis. Such infectious illness outbreaks or other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate, as well as local, state and/or national government restrictive measures implemented to control such outbreaks, could adversely affect the economies of many nations or the entire global economy, the financial condition of individual issuers or companies and capital markets, in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen, and such impacts could be significant and long term. Such extraordinary events and their aftermaths can cause investor fear and panic, which can further adversely affect the operations and performance of companies, sectors, nations, regions and financial markets in general and in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen. It is not possible to predict the full extent to which a pandemic may evolve and/or adversely impact our business, liquidity, capital resources, financial results and operations. 17 Table of Contents We may review and pursue strategic transactions that could pose risks to our business and global operations. As part of our global business strategy, we regularly consider, and have discussions with respect to, potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions, some of which may be deemed material. There can be no assurance that we will find suitable candidates for strategic transactions at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to accomplish our strategy, or be successful in entering into agreements for desired transactions. In addition, such transactions typically involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. Acquisitions and related transactions pose the risk that any business we acquire may result in the loss of clients, customers or personnel or could underperform relative to expectations. We also may not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including with respect to revenue, tax benefits, financial benefits or returns, and expense and other synergies. We could also experience financial or other setbacks if transactions encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to execution or integration. Entries into material transactions typically are announced publicly even though they may remain subject to numerous closing conditions, contingencies and approvals, and there is no assurance that any announced transaction will actually be consummated. Future transactions also may further increase our leverage or, if we issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions, dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders. In addition, from time to time, we enter into joint ventures or take minority stakes in companies in which we typically do not have control. These investments may involve risks, including the risk that the controlling stakeholder or joint venture partner may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. The business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling stakeholder, joint venture partner or the entity itself may result in liability to us or harm to our reputation, or adversely affect the value of our investment in the entity. Our business operations are complex and a failure to perform operational tasks properly or comply with applicable regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our revenues and income. Through our subsidiaries, we provide investment management and related services to investors globally. Further, we outsource various administration, technology, transfer agency and other services for our funds to third-party providers who may serve as a sub-agent or delegate. In order to be competitive and comply with our agreements, we must properly manage our business and subsidiaries around the world, and effectively perform our fund and portfolio administration and related responsibilities, including portfolio record keeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, investment restrictions compliance, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. Many of our operations are complex and dependent on our ability, and the ability of our third-party providers, to process and monitor a large number of transactions effectively, which may occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. Although we expend considerable resources on internal controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable guidelines, rules and regulations or adversely affect our clients, counterparties or us, our operations are ultimately dependent on our personnel, as well as others involved in our business, such as third-party providers and other intermediaries, and subject to human error. Our personnel and others involved in our business may, from time to time, make mistakes that are not always immediately detected, which may disrupt our operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or sanctions, litigation, or otherwise damage our reputation. In addition, any misrepresentation of our services and products in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications could also adversely affect our reputation and business prospects. Our investment management fees, which represent a majority of our revenues, are dependent on fees earned under investment management agreements that we have with our products and clients. Our revenues could be adversely affected if such agreements representing a significant portion of our AUM are terminated. Further, certain of our subsidiaries may act as general partner for various investment partnerships, which may subject them to liability for the partnerships ’ liabilities. If we fail to perform and monitor our operations properly, our business could suffer and our revenues and income could be adversely affected. Failure to establish adequate controls and risk management policies, or the circumvention of controls and policies, could have an adverse effect on our global operations, reputation and financial position. Although we have adopted risk management, operational and financial controls and compliance policies, procedures and programs that are subject to regular review and update, we cannot ensure that these measures will enable us effectively to identify and manage internal and external risks including those related to fraudulent activity and dishonesty. We are subject to the risk that our personnel, contractors, vendors and other third parties may deliberately or recklessly circumvent or violate our controls to commit fraud against our business, products and/or client accounts, pay or solicit bribes, or otherwise act in ways inconsistent with our controls, policies, workplace culture and business principles. Continued 18 Table of Contents attempts to circumvent our policies and controls or repeated incidents involving violation of controls and policies, fraud or conflicts of interests could negatively impact our business and reputation and result in adverse publicity, regulatory investigations and actions, legal proceedings and losses and adversely affect our operations, reputation, AUM and financial results. We face risks, and corresponding potential costs and expenses, associated with conducting operations and growing our business in numerous countries. We sell our products and offer our strategies and investment management and related services in many different regulatory jurisdictions around the world, and intend to continue to expand our operations internationally. As we do so, we will continue to face challenges to the adequacy of our resources, procedures and controls to operate our business consistently and effectively. In order to remain competitive, we must be proactive and prepared to implement necessary resources when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. Local regulatory environments may vary widely in terms of scope, adequacy and sophistication. Similarly, local distributors, and their policies and practices as well as financial viability, may vary widely and they may be inconsistent or less developed or mature than other more internationally focused distributors. Growth of our international operations has involved and may continue to involve near-term increases in expenses, as well as additional capital costs, such as information systems and technology costs, and costs related to compliance with particular regulatory or other local requirements or needs. Local requirements or needs also may place additional demands on sales and compliance personnel and resources, such as meeting local language requirements, while also integrating personnel into an organization with a single operating language. Finding, hiring and retaining additional, well-qualified personnel and crafting and adopting policies, procedures and controls to address local or regional requirements remain challenges as we expand our operations internationally. Moreover, regulators in non-U.S. jurisdictions could also change their policies or laws in a manner that might restrict or otherwise impede our ability to distribute or authorize products or maintain their authorizations in their respective markets. Any of these local requirements, activities or needs could increase the costs and expenses we incur in a specific jurisdiction without any corresponding increase in revenues and income from operating in the jurisdiction. Certain laws and regulations both inside and outside the U.S. have extraterritorial application. This may lead to duplicative or conflicting legal or regulatory burdens and additional costs and risks. Our focus on international markets as a source of investments and sales of our products subjects us to increased exchange rate and market-specific political, economic or other risks that may adversely impact our revenues and income generated overseas. While we maintain a significant portion of our operations in the U.S., we also provide services and earn revenues in Asia-Pacific; Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America; and Canada. As a result, we are subject to foreign currency exchange risk through our non-U.S. operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rates to the U.S. dollar have affected, and will in the future affect, our financial results from one period to the next. While we have taken steps to reduce our exposure to foreign exchange risk, for example, by denominating a significant amount of our transactions in U.S. dollars, our situation may change in the future. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar could in the future moderate revenues from managing our products internationally, or could affect relative investment performance of certain of our products invested in non-U.S. securities. In addition, we have risk associated with the foreign exchange revaluation of U.S. dollar balances held by certain non-U.S. subsidiaries for which the local currency is the functional currency. Separately, management fees that we earn tend to be higher in connection with non-U.S. AUM than with U.S. AUM. Consequently, downturns in international markets have in the past had, and could in the future have, a significant effect on our revenues and income. Moreover, our emerging market portfolios and revenues derived from managing these portfolios are subject to significant risks of loss from financial, economic, political and diplomatic developments, currency fluctuations, social instability, changes in governmental policies, nationalization, asset confiscation and changes in legislation related to non-U.S. ownership. International trading markets, particularly in some emerging market countries, are often smaller, less liquid, less regulated and significantly more volatile than those in the U.S. Any ongoing and future business, economic, political or social unrest affecting these markets, in addition to any direct consequences such unrest may have on our personnel and facilities located in the affected area, also may have a lasting impact on the long-term investment climate in these and other areas and, as a result, our AUM and the corresponding revenues and income that we generate from them may be negatively affected. 19 Table of Contents COMPETITION AND DISTRIBUTION RISKS Failure to properly address the increased transformative pressures affecting the investment management industry could negatively impact our business. The investment management industry is facing transformative pressures and trends from a variety of different sources including increased fee pressure; a continued shift away from actively managed core equities and fixed income strategies towards alternative, passive and smart beta strategies; increased demands from clients and distributors for client engagement and services; a trend towards institutions developing fewer relationships and partners and reducing the number of investment managers they work with; increased regulatory activity and scrutiny of many aspects of the investment management industry, including transparency/unbundling of fees, inducements, conflicts of interest, capital, liquidity, solvency, leverage, operational risk management, controls and compensation; addressing the key emerging markets in the world, such as China and India, which often have populations with different needs, preferences and horizons than the U.S. and European markets; advances in technology and digital wealth and distribution tools and increasing client interest in interacting digitally with their investment portfolios; and growing digital asset markets that remain subject to substantial volatility and significant regulatory uncertainty. As a result of the trends and pressures discussed above, the investment management industry is facing an increased level of disruption. If we are unable to adapt our strategy and business to address adequately these trends and pressures, we may be unable to meet client needs satisfactorily, our competitive position may weaken, and our business results and operations may be adversely affected. Strong competition from numerous and sometimes larger companies with competing offerings and products could limit or reduce sales of our products, potentially resulting in a decline in our market share, revenues and income. We compete with numerous investment management companies, securities brokerage and investment banking firms, insurance companies, banks, hedge fund firms and other financial management institutions. Our products also compete with products offered by these competitors, as well as with other financial products. The periodic establishment of new investment management companies and other competitors increases the competition that we face. At the same time, consolidation in the financial services industry has created stronger competitors with greater financial resources and broader distribution channels than our own. Competition is based on various factors, including, among others, business reputation, investment performance, product mix and offerings, business trends and strategic considerations, investor goals and preferences, service quality and innovation, distribution relationships, fees charged, and legal and product requirements and restrictions. Further, although we may offer certain types of ETFs, to the extent that there is a trend among existing or potential clients in favor of lower-fee index and other ETFs, it may favor our competitors who may offer such products that are more established or on a larger scale than we do. Additionally, competing securities broker-dealers and banks, upon which we rely to distribute and sell certain of our funds and other products, also may sell their own proprietary funds and products, which could limit the distribution of our products. To the extent that existing or potential clients, including securities broker-dealers, decide to invest in or distribute the products of our competitors, the sales of our products as well as our market share, revenues and income could decline. Our ability to attract and retain AUM is also dependent on the relative investment performance of our products, offering a mix of products and strategies that meets investor demands, and our ability to maintain our investment management fees and pricing structure at competitive levels. Increasing competition and other changes in the third-party distribution and sales channels on which we depend could reduce our revenues and income and hinder our growth. We primarily derive our fund sales through third-party broker-dealers, banks, investment advisers and other financial intermediaries. Because we rely on third-party distribution and sales channels to sell our products, we do not control the ultimate investment recommendations given by them to clients. Such financial intermediaries may recommend competing products. Increasing competition for these distribution and sales channels, and regulatory changes and initiatives, have caused our distribution costs to rise and could cause further cost increases in the future, or could otherwise negatively impact the distribution of our products. Consolidations in the broker-dealer or banking industries also could adversely impact our revenues and income. A failure to maintain our third-party distribution and sales channels, or a failure to maintain strong business relationships with our distributors and other intermediaries, may impair our distribution and sales operations. Any inability to access and successfully sell our products to clients through such third-party channels could have a negative effect on our level of AUM and adversely impact our business. 20 Table of Contents Moreover, we can provide no assurance that we will continue to have access to the third-party financial intermediaries that currently distribute our products, or that we will continue to have the opportunity to offer all or some of our existing products through them. If several of the major financial advisers that distribute our products were to cease operations or limit or otherwise end the distribution of our products, it could have a significant adverse impact on our revenues and income. Further, the standards of conduct and disclosure and reporting requirements, with respect to fees, products, services and possible conflicts of interest, applicable to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries in the U.S., remain subject to change and enhancement pursuant to business and regulatory developments and requirements, including with respect to investor suitability obligations, enhanced investor protections for retail customers, and increased compliance requirements. In addition, Canada, the U.K., the Netherlands and the EU have adopted regimes that ban, or may limit, the payment of commissions and other inducements to intermediaries in relation to certain sales to retail customers in those jurisdictions, and similar regimes are under consideration in several other jurisdictions. Depending on their exact terms, such regimes may result in existing flows of business moving to less profitable channels or even to competitors providing substitutable products outside the regime. Arrangements with non-independent advisers will also continue to be affected as narrower rules related to the requirement that commissions reflect an enhancement of the service to customers continue to come into effect, along with a prescriptive list of permissible non-monetary benefits. The interpretation of the inducements rules has also resulted in major changes to how fund managers, including us, finance investment research with many firms. THIRD-PARTY RISKS Any failure of our third-party providers to fulfill their obligations, or our failure to maintain good relationships with our providers, could adversely impact our business. We currently, and may in the future, depend on third-party providers to support various operational, administrative, technology, transfer agency, market data, distribution, and other business needs of our company. Further, we outsource various administration, technology, transfer agency and other services for our funds to third-party providers. In addition, we may, from time to time, transfer vendor contracts and services from one provider to another. If our third-party providers fail to deliver required services on a timely basis, or if we experience other negative service quality or relationship issues with our providers, we may be exposed to significant costs and/or operational difficulties, and our ability to conduct and grow our business may be impaired. Such administrative and functional changes are costly and complex, and may expose us to heightened operational risks. Any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm to us, as well as financial losses to us and our clients. The fa

=== BEN_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. There were no material changes from the Risk Factors previously disclosed in our last Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025. These Risk Factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our business also could be impacted by other risk factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. Further, our disclosure of a risk should not be interpreted to imply that the risk has not already developed or materialized. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. The following table provides information with respect to the shares of our common stock that we repurchased during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Month Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 2026 401,937 $ 23.92 401,937 37,895,370 February 2026 5,340 26.96 5,340 37,890,030 March 2026 1,953,516 24.26 1,953,516 35,936,514 Total 2,360,793 2,360,793 Under our stock repurchase program, which is not subject to an expiration date, we can repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time in the open market and in private transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation applicable federal securities laws. In order to pay taxes due in connection with the vesting of employee and executive officer stock and stock unit awards, we may repurchase shares under our program using a net stock issuance method. In December 2025, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 20.8 million shares of our common stock in either open market or private transactions, for a total of up to 40.0 million shares available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program as of such authorization date. Item 5. Other Information. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of Franklin adopted or terminated a “ Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” or “ non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. Item 6. Exhibits. The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index to this Form 10-Q are incorporated herein by reference. 43 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as filed November 28, 1969, incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3)(i) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1994 (File No. 001-09318) (the “1994 Annual Report”) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as filed March 1, 1985, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the 1994 Annual Report 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as filed April 1, 1987, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(iii) to the 1994 Annual Report 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as filed February 2, 1994, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(iv) to the 1994 Annual Report 3.5 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as filed February 4, 2005, incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3)(i)(e) to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2004 (File No. 001-09318) 3.6 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant (as adopted and effective July 8, 2025), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2025 (File No. 001-09318) 10.1 Franklin Resources, Inc. 1998 Employee Stock Investment Plan (as amended and restated effective as of February 3, 2026), incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on December 22, 2025 (File No. 001-09318)* 10.2 Franklin Resources, Inc. 2002 Universal Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of February 3, 2026), incorporated by reference to Appendix B to Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on December 22, 2025 (File No. 001-09318)* 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 101 The following materials from Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL), include: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) related notes (filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) __________________ * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 44 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. FRANKLIN RESOURCES, INC. Date: April 28, 2026 By: /s/ Matthew Nicholls Matthew Nicholls Co-President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: April 28, 2026 By: /s/ Lindsey H. Oshita Lindsey H. Oshita Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 45 