=== PLD_2026-03-19.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0001045609 0001045609 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001045609 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001045609 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001045609 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001045609 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 pld:BonusMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 pld:StockAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 pld:BonusMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 pld:StockAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001045609 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to Rule 14a-12 Prologis, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Table of Contents March 19, 2026 To our stockholders: I invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Prologis, Inc. at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time on April 28, 2026. Our Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format only. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Items of business. The following items of business will be conducted at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders: 1. Election of 11 directors to our Board to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 2. Nonbinding advisory vote to approve the company s executive compensation for 2025. 3. Ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year 2026. 4. Consideration of any other matters that may properly come before the meeting and at any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. Record Date. If you were a holder of shares of our common stock at the close of business on March 6, 2026, you are entitled to receive this notice and to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Annual Meeting. How to Vote. You can vote your shares by proxy through the internet, by telephone or by mail using the instructions on the proxy card, or you can vote during the virtual Annual Meeting. Any proxy may be revoked in the manner described in the accompanying Proxy Statement at any time prior to its exercise at the Annual Meeting. Meeting Attendance. To be admitted to the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PLD2026 you must enter the control number found on your proxy card or voting instruction form or notice you previously received. You may vote during the Annual Meeting by following the instructions available on the meeting website during the meeting. Proxy Materials. On or about March 19, 2026, we intend to distribute to our stockholders: (i) Either in printed form by mail or electronically by email, a Notice of Annual Meeting and Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on: (a) how to electronically access our 2026 Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders, which includes our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K; (b) how to vote; and (c) how to request printed proxy materials (if desired). (ii) If requested or required, printed proxy materials, which will include our 2026 Proxy Statement, our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and a proxy card. On behalf of the Board of Directors, DEBORAH K. BRIONES Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to Be Held on April 28, 2026: This Proxy Statement and accompanying form of proxy are first being made available to you on or about March 19, 2026. Proxy materials are available at www.proxyvote.com. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Proxy Summary 1 2025 Business Highlights 2 2025 Compensation Highlights 3 Recent Awards and Honors 4 Proposals Submitted to Vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting 5 Board of Directors and Corporate Governance 6 Prologis Corporate Governance Tear Sheet 7 Election of Directors (Proposal 1) 8 Board Evaluations and Process for Selecting Directors 10 Director Qualifications 12 Director Nominees 18 Director Independence 18 Board Leadership Structure 20 Board Committees 23 Other Governance Matters 27 Executive Officers 28 Global Impact Sustainability Priorities 33 Executive Compensation 33 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 34 Prologis Business Overview 37 Our Foundational Compensation Principles and Key Insights for 2025 38 Stockholder Outreach Highlights 39 2026 Updates 41 Compensation Benchmarking Peer Group 42 2025 Compensation Program Structure 43 2025 Chief Executive Officer Compensation 44 2025 Core Compensation: Annual Bonus Opportunity 52 2025 Core Compensation: Annual LTI Equity Awards 54 2025 Outperformance Compensation: Prologis Promote Plan (PPP) 55 Other Compensation Considerations 58 Talent and Compensation Committee Report 59 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025 64 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2025 71 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End (December 31, 2025) 75 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2025 77 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 2025 80 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 83 CEO Pay Ratio 84 Pay Versus Performance 88 Advisory Vote to Approve the Company s Executive Compensation for 2025 (Proposal 2) 89 Director Compensation 90 Director Compensation 91 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans for Directors 92 Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 2025 94 Security Ownership 97 Equity Compensation Plans 98 Audit Matters 99 Audit Committee Report 100 Independent Public Accountant 101 Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Public Accountant (Proposal 3) 102 Additional Information 103 Proxy and Annual Meeting FAQ 108 Submitting Stockholder Proposals 110 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 111 Annual Report to Stockholders and Corporate Governance Documents A-1 Appendix A: Definitions and Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures This Proxy Statement contains important information for you to consider when deciding how to vote on the matters brought before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Please read it carefully. The following summary highlights information contained in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all the information you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. For more complete information regarding our 2025 performance, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. All company operational information in this Proxy Statement is for the year ended or as of December 31, 2025, unless otherwise noted. See Appendix A for definitions and discussion of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to GAAP measures and for additional detail regarding definitions of terms as generally explained in the Proxy Statement. References in this Proxy Statement to we, us, our, the company, and Prologis refer to Prologis, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 2025 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS Our Business Model Delivers Long-Term Growth Strong financial and operational results in 2025 Superior long-term stockholder returns Quantitative metrics in our bonus scorecard incentivized outperformance across key metrics and strategic priorities, including a company-record 228M square feet of leases signed during the year. Our annualized TSR since the AMB-ProLogis merger 14 years ago outperformed the MSCI U.S. REIT Index by 561 bps and the S P 500 Equal Weighted Index by 102 bps per year. For further detail, please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 1 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 2025 COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS Compensation Design Drives Long-Term Stockholder Value Creation Compensation program supports long-term outperformance We prioritize thoughtful succession planning to promote long-term growth Pay-for-performance design supported strong 2025 company results. Forward-looking PSU awards incentivize relative TSR outperformance. Our deliberate approach provides business continuity and positions us to continue driving success for our customers and stockholders. For further detail, please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 2 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Recent Awards and Honors (1) The Wall Street Journal Drucker Institute 250 Best-Managed Companies (2025); #3 in employee engagement, #7 in customer satisfaction U.S. News World Report Best Companies to Work For: overall, real estate, west region and supporting family caregiving (2025-26) Green Star Recognition (2025) Prologis and six of our co-investment vehicles participated and earned Green Star recognition 4.7 overall rating, 96% would recommend to a friend, 100% CEO approval as of January 2026 America s Greenest Companies (2026) and America s Most Responsible Companies (2026) Global 100 Most Sustainable Companies in the World (2026) TIME World s Most Influential Companies (2025) TIME World s Most Sustainable Companies (2025) Transparency Awards (2025); #1 in real estate A- Climate Rating (2025) ISS Corporate ESG Rating of Prime as of January 2026 AA ESG Rating as of December 2025 Dow Jones Best-in-Class World Index (2024); top 10% globally Solar Means Business Report (2024); #2 for corporate onsite solar generation capacity Nareit : Industrial Leader in the Light (2024), 13th consecutive year (1) Latest award status as of the filing date of this Proxy Statement. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 3 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Proposals Submitted to Vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting We are asking our stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 6, 2026, to consider and vote on the following matters at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 28, 2026. Please see the section entitled Additional Information for details on how to vote and the vote required to approve these matters. Proposal Board Recommendation PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to elect to the board of directors (the Board ) of Prologis, Inc. the 11 persons nominated by the Board. The directors will be elected to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. PROPOSAL 2: Nonbinding Advisory Vote to Approve the Company s Executive Compensation for 2025 At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to approve a resolution on the company s executive compensation for 2025 as reported in this Proxy Statement. PROPOSAL 3: Ratification of the Appointment of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP by the Audit Committee (the Audit Committee ) of the Board as the company s independent registered public accounting firm ( independent public accountant ) for 2026. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 4 Table of Contents 6 Prologis Corporate Governance Tear Sheet 7 Election of Directors (Proposal 1) 8 Board Evaluations and Process for Selecting Directors 10 Director Qualifications 12 Director Nominees 18 Director Independence 18 Board Leadership Structure 20 Board Committees 23 Other Governance Matters PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 5 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Prologis Corporate Governance Tear Sheet DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND COMPLIANCE STRONG STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS l 82% of our directors nominated for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting are independent: All nominated directors, other than Mr. Moghadam and Mr. Letter, are independent. l No related-party transactions. l No hedging or pledging of our securities. l All directors attended 75% or more of Board and Board committee meetings held during the periods they served. l All directors are in compliance with our stock ownership guidelines. l All directors elected annually since IPO. l No stockholder rights plan. Governance improvements driven by stockholder feedback: l Majority vote standard for uncontested director elections adopted in 2007. l The company irrevocably opted out of Maryland staggered board provisions in 2014. l Adopted proxy access with 3/3/20/20 market standard in 2016. (1) l Reduced stockholder voting thresholds to simple majority or the lowest standard permitted by law (adopted in 2024). l Reduced threshold for stockholders to call a special meeting from 50% of voting power to 20% (adopted in 2025). DIRECTOR COMPOSITION AND EVALUATION PROCESS l Our annual Board evaluation process, involving Board, Board committee and individual director assessments, is administered by the chair of our Board Governance and Nomination Committee (the Governance Committee ) and our lead independent director, with a third-party evaluation every other year. l Director age policy: 75-year maximum age limit for directors. (2) l Our mix of director tenure, skills and background provides a balance of experience and institutional knowledge with fresh perspectives. GOVERNANCE OF GLOBAL IMPACT SUSTAINABILITY RISK GOVERNANCE l Formal Board oversight of Global Impact Sustainability performance and priorities through Governance Committee charter and updates to the full Board and other committees. l Our chief energy and sustainability officer leads this work. She is a C-suite executive and sits on the management executive committee. l Bonus metrics (10% of overall corporate score) incentivize quantitative success in sustainability and impact while providing a measure of accountability for our progress. l Financial risk oversight: Evidenced by our A2/A credit ratings. (3) l Operational risk oversight: Annual enterprise-level risk analyses with Board, climate risk assessment platform, cybersecurity and AI risk assessment framework, rigorous investment committee processes and local team property-level management. l Reputational risk oversight: Extensive employee learning and development platform that requires ethics, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), cybersecurity and other training. (1) See Additional Information for further detail on proxy access. (2) Our Governance Guidelines provide that directors will not be nominated or appointed to the Board if they are, or would be, 75 years old or older at the time of the election or appointment. (3) Ratings by Moody s/S P. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to withdrawal at any time by the rating agency. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 6 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors The Board is currently composed of 12 directors, all of whom, other than Irving Lyons III, are standing to be elected to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. If elected, each individual will hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. l The 11 nominees for election to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting, all proposed by the Board, are listed below in the section titled Director Nominees, along with brief biographies. l The Board has affirmatively determined that all of our director nominees, aside from Hamid Moghadam and Daniel Letter, are independent directors in accordance with New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) rules, our Governance Guidelines and our bylaws. l We do not know of any reason why any nominee would be unable or unwilling to serve as a director if elected. However, if a nominee becomes unable to serve or will not serve, proxies may be voted for the election of such other person nominated by the Board as a substitute, or the Board may reduce the number of directors. Each of the director nominees has consented to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director if elected. l Information about each director nominee s share ownership is presented below, under Security Ownership. Our bylaws provide for a majority voting standard for the election of directors. See Additional Information Proxy and Annual Meeting FAQ for further detail. The shares represented by the proxies received will be voted for the election of each of the 11 nominees named below, unless you indicate in the proxy that your vote should be cast against any or all of the director nominees or you abstain from voting. Each nominee elected as a director will continue in office until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified or until the earliest of his or her resignation, retirement or death. The Board unanimously recommends stockholders vote FOR the election of each nominee. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 7 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Evaluations and Process for Selecting Directors Rigorous Board evaluation and refreshment process Our annual Board evaluation process involves assessments at the Board, Board committee and individual director levels. Through this process, the Board determines who should be nominated to stand for election based on current company and Board needs. l Directors identify key skills and characteristics currently needed for the Board and provide information relating to Board composition and planning. l Director interview questions are prepared based on current areas of focus and feedback from our stockholder outreach efforts. l Annual one-on-one director interviews are conducted by our lead independent director and chair of the Governance Committee and, every other year, by an independent third party. l The lead independent director and Governance Committee chair (and, when applicable, the independent third party) aggregate the interview results and report them to the Governance Committee and then to our full Board. Our Board follows up on items identified in the evaluation process. Our Governance Committee discusses Board succession and reviews potential candidates. This process is based on the results of annual Board evaluations and takes place throughout the course of the year. l Our director candidate search process identifies and assesses a pool of potential candidates from a variety of sources, focusing on candidates with the right mix of skills, backgrounds and perspectives that align with the strategic needs of our business. Our Governance Guidelines also ensure regular Board refreshment, providing that directors will not be nominated or appointed to the Board if they are, or would be, 75 years old or older at the time of the election or appointment. 2026 Board evaluation feedback Key feedback from our Board evaluation process: l Noted the high-functioning nature of the Board and strong leadership of our lead independent director and committee heads. l Focused on director succession planning, an orderly transition of applicable Board leadership positions and recruiting directors with experience that aligns with our current business model, such as senior executive experience that supports our real estate, data center and energy businesses. l Recognized the strength of our CEO and management, with a high level of confidence in the current executive team. l Determined that there were no concerns about Board independence or longer-tenured directors. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 8 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Regular Board refreshment The Board is committed to regular refreshment to maintain an optimal balance of skills, backgrounds and perspectives. We have successfully onboarded nine new directors since 2015, (1) with four new directors in the last five years, increasing the breadth of experience of our Board. The Board was completely refreshed and rebuilt at the time of the Merger in 2011. (2) The Merger essentially created a new company with a new operating and corporate platform. At that time, all directors underwent intensive review to determine which directors would best fit the newly created combined company. Each director selected in this rebuilding process was onboarded as a new director to the newly established company. These directors were required to perform in a new governance environment with new structures, processes, committees and guidelines. As a result of our regular Board refreshment, the directors nominated for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting comprise an appropriate mix of tenures: four directors with less than four years of tenure, four directors with tenure between six and 12 years and three with more than 12 years of tenure. This mix balances experience and institutional knowledge with fresh perspectives. The Board is focused on director succession planning. As directors approach the maximum age limit set forth in our director age policy, the Board proactively formulates a plan to transition key leadership positions and maintain the appropriate balance of institutional knowledge on the Board. For example, refer to page 19 regarding our lead independent director role. As discussed in Director Qualifications, the Board continually assesses the current needs of the Board, based on the strategic priorities of the company and the skill set needs of the Board. BALANCED DISTRIBUTION OF DIRECTOR TENURE (3) Nine new directors since 2015, including four in the last five years . (1) (1) Includes Philip Hawkins, who joined our Board in 2018 and stepped down from our Board in 2020 to assume an executive chairman position at a U.S. industrial real estate company. (2) The entire Board was rebuilt in 2011 at the time of the merger (the Merger ) between AMB Property Corporation ( AMB ) and ProLogis (the Trust ), and the tenure of the rebuilt Board started at that time. (3) Directors nominated for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 9 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Qualifications Director skills and experience support our business strategy Below are areas of knowledge, skill and experience our Board identified during the Board evaluation process as important to support our current business strategy. Having such qualifications on our Board, coupled with varied backgrounds and perspectives, is critical to strong oversight and proven long-term results. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 10 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board composition The Governance Committee focuses on identifying and nominating qualified director candidates with varied professional expertise and backgrounds that align with our company s strategic business needs. The directors nominated for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting have the blend of experience we need. In making its nominations, the Governance Committee also assesses each director nominee by key characteristics, including courage to voice opinions, integrity, accountability, good judgment, supportiveness in working with others and willingness to commit the time needed to satisfy the requirements of Board and committee membership. We also seek directors with skillsets that support our emerging areas of focus, including related to data centers. PROLOGIS BOARD COMPOSITION (1) 82% of our directors have global work experience. (1) Directors nominated for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting. Ages as of the filing date of this Proxy Statement. (2) One director self-identified as African American, and two directors self-identified as West Asian/Middle Eastern/Asian American. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 11 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Nominees Cristina G. Bita l Director since May 2018 l Board committees: Audit l Other public directorships: None Ms. Bita, 47, is a vice president of finance at Google and serves as the business finance officer for Google s Platforms and Devices and Global Marketing organizations. She leads global finance activities for the Android Ecosystem, Google Play store, Chrome, Chrome OS, Photos, Google One, 1P Devices and Services, Home and Health, and for the company s Marketing and Communications Public Affairs activities. Ms. Bita has held many finance leadership roles over the course of her 20-year career at Google that also included sales and business development, consumer products, platforms and ecosystems, general and administrative, technical infrastructure and enterprise. As a business executive at Google, she also led Strategy, Insights/Analytics and Business Operations for Devices and Services and served in the past as the chair of the Google Sustainability Board. Prior to Google, Ms. Bita held various positions at Siemens/Osram in the Business Unit Controllership and Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis groups. Other relevant qualifications: Ms. Bita holds a Master of Science in finance from the Boston College Wallace E. Carroll School of Management and a Bachelor of Science in business administration (accounting) from Salem State University. She is also a Certified Management Accountant (CMA). Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Ms. Bita s experience in innovation and technology gained from her tenure at Google supports our strategic initiatives to stay ahead of the evolution of the supply chain and our customers needs by integrating data systems and technology across our core real estate and Essentials Solutions and Energy Solutions businesses. Ms. Bita also served as the chair of the Google Sustainability Board, which provides valuable insights in support of our Global Impact Sustainability program. James B. Connor l Director since October 2022 l Board committees: Executive (chair) l Other public directorships: EPR Properties and Healthpeak Properties, Inc. Mr. Connor, 67, was most recently chairman and chief executive officer of Duke Realty Corporation, an NYSE-listed company that specialized in modern, bulk warehouse and logistics facilities and was acquired by Prologis in October 2022. He joined Duke Realty in 1998 and served in several leadership positions before being named CEO of Duke Realty in 2016. Before joining Duke Realty, Mr. Connor held numerous executive and brokerage positions with Cushman Wakefield. In addition, he is a member of the board of trustees of EPR Properties, a publicly traded REIT focused on real estate venues that facilitate out-of-home leisure and recreation experiences, and he serves on the board of directors of Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a publicly traded REIT focused on real estate related to the healthcare industry. Other relevant qualifications: Mr. Connor holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a minor in real estate finance from Western Illinois University. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Mr. Connor brings over a quarter-century of experience in the logistics REIT industry, including seven years as a public company CEO. His deep experience guides all aspects of our business related to the logistics real estate industry. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 12 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE George L. Fotiades l Director since June 2011 (prior to the Merger, served as a trustee of the Trust from December 2001 to June 2011) l Board committees: Compensation (chair) l Other public directorships: AptarGroup, Inc. Mr. Fotiades, 72, served as president and chief executive officer of Cantel Medical Corp., a provider of infection prevention and control products, from 2019 until his retirement in 2021. He was an operating partner at Five Arrows Capital Partners (Rothschild Merchant Banking) from April 2017 until March 2019. From April 2007 to April 2017, Mr. Fotiades was a partner, healthcare investments, at Diamond Castle Holdings LLP, a private equity firm. He was chairman of Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., a provider of advanced technologies for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and consumer health companies, from June 2007 to February 2010. Mr. Fotiades was previously the president and chief operating officer of Cardinal Health, Inc. and served as president and chief executive officer of Cardinal s Pharmaceutical Technologies and Services segment. He also served as president of Warner-Lambert s consumer healthcare business, as well as in other senior positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Wyeth and Procter Gamble. Mr. Fotiades is a member of the board of AptarGroup, Inc., a global dispensing systems company. He previously served on the boards of Cantel Medical Corp. and Alberto-Culver Company, a consumer products company specializing in hair and skincare products. Other relevant qualifications: Mr. Fotiades holds a Master of Management from The Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a Bachelor of Arts from Amherst College. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Mr. Fotiades brings experience as a public company CEO who ran large-scale global operations, as well as years of experience in the private equity industry. His experience at various consumer products and services companies adds valuable insights as we continue to grow our Essentials Solutions and Energy Solutions businesses. Lydia H. Kennard l Director since August 2004 l Board committees: Governance (chair) l Other public directorships: Freeport-McMoRan Inc. and Vulcan Materials Company Ms. Kennard, 71, is the founder and chief executive officer of KDG Construction Consulting, a provider of project and construction management services, and Quality Engineering Solutions, a pavement engineering and construction inspection company. She is also president of KDG Pavements, a North Carolina professional corporation, and a principal of KDG Aviation, an aviation-focused real estate operating and development company. Ms. Kennard served as chief executive officer of Los Angeles World Airports, a system of airports comprising Los Angeles International, Ontario International Airport, Palmdale Regional and Van Nuys General Aviation Airports, from 1999 to 2003, and again from 2005 to 2007. From 1994 to 1999, she served as the system s deputy executive for design and construction. Ms. Kennard is a member of the boards of Vulcan Materials Company, the nation s largest producer of construction aggregates, and Freeport-McMoRan, Inc., a natural resources company. She was previously a member of the boards of URS Corporation, a provider of engineering, construction and technical services; Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a national health care-focused REIT; and AECOM, a global infrastructure consulting firm. Other relevant qualifications: Ms. Kennard holds a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School, a master s degree in city planning from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a Bachelor of Science in urban planning and management from Stanford University. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Ms. Kennard s deep experience in the construction industry and urban planning supports our robust development platform. Her background as CEO of Los Angeles World Airports guides our efforts to grow our global logistics real estate business. As the owner of a construction analytics and solutions company, Ms. Kennard also provides experience in customer services and solutions. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 13 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Daniel S. Letter l Director since February 2025 l Board committees: Executive l Other public directorships: None Mr. Letter, 49, has served as our CEO since January 1, 2026. Mr. Letter was Prologis president from January 2023 to December 2025, where he oversaw most of Prologis business lines, including global real estate operations, capital deployment, Strategic Capital, Essentials Solutions and Energy Solutions. He previously served as global head of capital deployment, where he was responsible for the company s Investment Committee, deployment pipeline management and multimarket portfolio acquisitions and dispositions. Mr. Letter has held various other leadership positions with the company since joining in 2004, including president of the U.S. Central Region, and managing director, capital deployment of the U.S. West Region. Other relevant qualifications: Mr. Letter is a member of the National Association of REITs (Nareit) executive board, The Real Estate Roundtable and the advisory board of the Vieth Institute for Real Estate Leadership at Marquette University. He holds a Bachelor of Science in civil engineering from Marquette University. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Mr. Letter, who has been with the company for over 20 years, leads Prologis strategic, operational and investment decisions, with deep industry experience and a leadership style rooted in collaboration and innovation. As CEO, he also represents the company with key stakeholders, including customers, public and private investors and media, and advocates for the industry at major conferences and policy-making events. He brings accountability for cultivating a high-performance culture and ensuring the leadership depth, succession planning and organizational discipline required to execute the company s long-term strategy. He played a significant role in Prologis tremendous growth and brings a strong record of operational leadership and strategic execution to his role as CEO and director. Guy A. Metcalfe l Director since May 2024 l Board committees: Governance l Other public directorships: CBRE Group, Inc. and RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust Mr. Metcalfe, 58, was a managing director and member of Morgan Stanley s investment banking executive committee and led its real estate investment banking business for approximately two decades before retiring as Global Chairman in January 2024. During his more than 33 years at Morgan Stanley, Mr. Metcalfe was involved in over $850B of transactions. He has served as a strategic and financial advisor to Prologis and its predecessor, AMB Property Corporation, and has been involved in mergers and acquisitions and capital markets transactions for Prologis and many other real estate companies globally. Mr. Metcalfe is a member of the board of directors of CBRE Group, Inc., a commercial real estate services and investments firm, and a member of the board of trustees of RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust, a Canadian publicly traded REIT. He is a senior advisor to KKR Co. Inc., a publicly traded global investment firm. Other relevant qualifications: Mr. Metcalfe holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration (with honors) from the Ivey Business School at the University of Western Ontario. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Mr. Metcalfe has a substantial background in real estate investment banking and robust experience serving as an advisor on major transactions in the real estate industry, including notable M A transactions, capital markets transactions and significant private capital raises. His depth of transactional experience supports the continued growth of our core real estate business and Strategic Capital vehicles and makes him a valuable strategic advisor to the company s capital-raising, M A and capital markets initiatives. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 14 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Avid Modjtabai l Director since February 2020 l Board committees: Audit (chair) l Other public directorships: Avnet, Inc. Ms. Modjtabai, 64, served as the senior executive vice president and head of the Payments, Virtual Solutions and Innovation Group at Wells Fargo from 2016 until her retirement in March 2020. Prior to that, she served in various leadership roles at Wells Fargo, including group head for Wells Fargo Consumer Lending from 2011 to 2016, chief information officer and head of the Technology and Operations Group from 2008 to 2011, chief information officer and head of technology from 2007 to 2008 and director of human resources from 2005 to 2007. Ms. Modjtabai is a member of the board of Avnet, Inc., a global technology solutions provider. Other relevant qualifications: Ms. Modjtabai holds a Master of Business Administration in finance from Columbia University and a Bachelor of Science in industrial engineering from Stanford University. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: As the former chief information officer and head of technology at Wells Fargo, Ms. Modjtabai brings her experience overseeing core technology functions to our Board. Her knowledge and skill in these areas supports the company s data and technology initiatives, as well as our cybersecurity program. Ms. Modjtabai s tenure as head of Payments, Virtual Solutions and Innovation at Wells Fargo brings additional customer solutions experience to our Board. Hamid R. Moghadam l Chairman of the Board since January 2000; director since November 1997 l Board committees: Executive l Other public directorships: None Mr. Moghadam, 69, is the co-founder and executive chairman of Prologis. He led the company for over 40 years, including as chief executive officer of AMB Property Corporation, Prologis predecessor company, from its initial public offering in 1997 until the 2011 Merger and then as Prologis chief executive officer until December 2025. Other relevant qualifications: Mr. Moghadam serves on MIT s Real Estate Advisory Committee, Stanford Graduate School of Business Special Committee and is a member of the Business Roundtable. Mr. Moghadam is a former trustee of Stanford University, former chairman of the board of the Stanford Management Company and previously served on the Executive Committee of the board of directors of the Urban Land Institute. Mr. Moghadam holds bachelor s and master s degrees in engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Master of Business Administration from the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Mr. Moghadam co-founded our company over 40 years ago and built an unparalleled platform that encompasses global asset management through Strategic Capital and growth beyond real estate with Essentials Solutions and Energy Solutions. Under his leadership, Prologis grew into the global leader in logistics real estate and one of the top 100 companies in the S P 500, serving thousands of customers with a 1.3 billion-square-foot portfolio across 20 countries. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 15 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE David P. O Connor l Director since January 2015 l Board committees: Audit, Compensation l Other public directorships: None Mr. O Connor, 61, is a private investor, managing partner of High Rise Capital Partners, LLC, a private real estate investment firm. He is a former co-chairman of HighBrook Investors LLC, a real estate private equity firm, and was the co-founder and senior managing partner of High Rise Capital Management LP, a real estate securities hedge fund manager that operated from 2001 to 2011. Prior to that, he was a principal, co-portfolio manager and investment committee member of European Investors, Inc., a large dedicated real estate investment trust investor, from 1994 to 2000. He previously served on the boards of Regency Centers Corporation, a publicly traded real estate investment trust specializing in shopping centers, Songbird Estates plc, the former majority owner of Canary Wharf in London, and Paramount Group, Inc., a formerly publicly traded real estate investment and management company specializing in office buildings. Other relevant qualifications: Mr. O Connor received a Master of Science in real estate from New York University and holds a Bachelor of Science from the Boston College Wallace E. Carroll School of Management. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Mr. O Connor will assume the role of lead independent director upon the retirement of Mr. Lyons at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Mr. O Connor s leadership background in the real estate industry and expertise in real estate investment support all aspects of our global real estate operations, Strategic Capital business and capital markets activity and will guide his oversight as our lead independent director. Olivier Piani l Director since May 2017 l Board committees: Audit, Compensation l Other public directorships: None Mr. Piani, 72, is the chief executive officer and founder of OP Conseils, a consulting company in real estate and finance that he started in January 2016. He was previously a senior consultant with Ardian, a major European private equity group. From September 2008 to December 2015, Mr. Piani was chief executive officer of Allianz Real Estate, the real estate and asset management investment platform for the Allianz Group. From 1998 to 2008, Mr. Piani built the pan-European platform for GE Capital Real Estate that spans seven different countries. Prior to joining GE in 1998, he was chief executive officer of UIC-Sofal, a real estate bank. From 1982 to 1995, Mr. Piani held various leadership positions in the Paribas Group in Paris, New York and London. Other relevant qualifications: Mr. Piani is a graduate of Paris Ecole Superieure de Commerce de Paris and received a Master of Business Administration from Stanford University. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Mr. Piani s experience in real estate and finance, gained through his career in private equity, asset management and banking, supports our long-term investment strategy and our Strategic Capital business. His financial expertise and deep knowledge of the European real estate market guide our operations and growth in that region, as well as our expansion into new markets. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 16 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Sarah A. Slusser l Director since May 2025 l Board committees: Governance l Other public directorships: None Ms. Slusser, 63, is the CEO of Cypress Creek Renewables, LLC, a solar and storage independent power producer that develops, owns and operates projects in the U.S. Cypress Creek owns a 1,700 MW operating fleet, has a Solar O M Services business serving 4,000 MW of projects and has a 12,000 MW development pipeline. She joined Cypress Creek as CEO in 2019 to reposition the company for sustainable growth. Prior to joining Cypress Creek, Ms. Slusser founded Point Reyes Energy Partners LLC, a solar and energy storage advisory and development company, where she provided strategic advice to a number of large companies in the renewable energy sector. She remains a founding partner of Point Reyes Energy Partners LLC. Prior to this, Ms. Slusser co-founded GeoGlobal Energy LLC, a geothermal company in the U.S., Chile and Germany, which was sold to its cornerstone investor in 2015. Before co-founding GeoGlobal, she worked at The AES Corporation for 21 years, where she ultimately led the corporate mergers and acquisitions group. Ms. Slusser was president of one of eight divisions of AES that was responsible for all development, construction and operations in the Caribbean, Mexico and Central America. Ms. Slusser was previously a member of the board of TransAlta Corporation, Canada s largest investor-owned power producer and wholesale marketer of electricity. Other relevant qualifications: Ms. Slusser holds a Bachelor of Arts (cum laude) in geology from Harvard University and a Master of Business Administration from the Yale School of Management. Skills related to company opportunities and risks: Ms. Slusser s extensive leadership experience in the renewable energy sector provides valuable strategic insight to our Energy Solutions business, particularly in expanding our solar and energy storage solutions to benefit customers and optimize portfolio-wide energy efficiency. Her expertise in developing and scaling renewable projects supports Prologis sustainability initiatives, enhancing the company s ability to integrate clean energy solutions to drive long-term stockholder value. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 17 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Independence We require that a majority of the Board be independent in accordance with NYSE rules. To determine that a director is independent, the Board must affirmatively determine that there is no direct or indirect material relationship between the company and the director. 82% of the Board is independent (1) The Board has determined that all our directors nominated for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting, with the exception of Mr. Moghadam and Mr. Letter, are independent. The Board reached this determination after considering all relevant facts and circumstances, reviewing director questionnaires and considering transactions and relationships, if any, between us, our affiliates, our executive officers and their affiliates, and each of the directors, members of each of their immediate families and their affiliates. Audit, Governance and Compensation Committees are 100% independent The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee, Governance Committee and Talent and Compensation Committee ( Compensation Committee ) of the Board are independent in accordance with NYSE and Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules. Board Leadership Structure Our Governance Guidelines do not specify a leadership structure for the Board, allowing the Board the flexibility to choose the best option for the company as circumstances warrant. The Board believes strong independent leadership ensures effective oversight of the company. Such independent oversight is maintained through: l Our lead independent director. l Our independent directors. l The Audit, Governance and Compensation Committees, which consist entirely of independent directors. l Annual review of the Board leadership structure and effectiveness of oversight through the Board evaluation process. l Strong adherence to our Governance Guidelines. All of our independent directors have the ability to provide input for meeting agendas and are encouraged to raise topics for discussion by the Board. Our lead independent director reviews all meeting agendas in advance. In addition, the Board and each Board committee have complete and open access to any member of management. Each committee has the authority to retain independent legal, financial and other advisors as they deem appropriate without consulting or obtaining the approval of any member of management. The Board also holds executive sessions of only independent directors at every Board meeting to promote free and open discussion among the independent directors. Executive chairman Effective January 1, 2026, Hamid Moghadam transitioned from CEO to executive chairman of the Board. The Board believes that Mr. Moghadam s service as executive chairman is in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. Please refer to page 39 for more information. Our lead independent director role will continue to provide strong, independent oversight of the company, supported by fully independent Audit, Compensation and Governance committees and a Board more than 80% composed of independent, non-employee directors. Please see CEO and Management Succession Planning and Compensation Discussion and Analysis for details about the implementation of our executive succession strategy as well as Lead independent director below regarding the significant authority and responsibilities of this key Board leadership role. (1) Directors nominated for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 18 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Lead independent director If the chairman of the Board is not an independent director, the independent members of the Board will annually elect an independent director to serve in a lead capacity. The lead independent director is generally expected to serve for more than one year. Mr. Lyons currently serves as the lead independent director. Mr. Lyons will not stand for re-election to our Board at our 2026 Annual Meeting. Accordingly, Mr. O Connor was selected by our Governance Committee and the independent members of our Board to become the lead independent director effective immediately following our 2026 Annual Meeting, contingent on his reelection to the Board. The lead independent director coordinates the activities of the other independent directors and performs other duties and responsibilities as determined by the Board. The specific responsibilities of the lead independent director are currently as follows: Executive Sessions/ Committee Meetings l Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors (held at every regular Board meeting). l Briefs the chairman on matters and decisions arising from executive sessions. l Attends meetings of the various Board committees regularly, in addition to full meetings of the Board. Meetings of Independent Directors l Holds the authority to call meetings of the independent directors and set the agenda. l Facilitates discussion and open dialogue among the independent directors during and outside of Board meetings. Board Candidate Recruiting l Partners with the chair of the Governance Committee, the chairman, the CEO and the full Board to recruit and select Board candidates, including identifying and prioritizing specific skills and expertise for candidates. Board Evaluations l Oversees, with the chair of the Governance Committee and, when applicable, an independent third party, annual evaluations of the Board, Board committees and individual directors, including an evaluation of the chairman s effectiveness. Liaison with Chairman and CEO l Serves as liaison between the independent directors, the chairman and the CEO. l Meets regularly between Board meetings with the chairman and the CEO. Board Processes and Information l Reviews, approves and suggests changes to meeting agendas and information provided to the Board in order to ensure quality, quantity, appropriateness and timeliness. l Communicates feedback as needed to the Board and chairman. l Reviews, approves and suggests changes to Board processes, including the number, frequency and scheduling of Board meetings to ensure sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items. Communications with Stockholders l Serves as a key contact between the Board and stockholders. l Responds to stockholder inquiries and communicates with stockholders when appropriate. l Maintains availability for consultation and direct communication if requested by major stockholders. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 19 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Committees Pursuant to the Maryland General Corporation Law and our bylaws, our business, property and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board. Members of the Board are kept informed of our business through our executive management team. The four standing committees of the Board are: Audit, Board Governance and Nomination, Talent and Compensation, and the Board Executive Committee (the Executive Committee ). The Board determined that each member of the Audit, Governance and Compensation Committees is an independent director in accordance with NYSE and SEC rules. The current membership information for our Board committees is presented below. Each committee has a charter that generally states the purpose of the committee and outlines its structure and responsibilities. The committees, except the Executive Committee, must review their charters on an annual basis. PROLOGIS BOARD COMMITTEES Audit Committee Members: Avid Modjtabai (chair) Cristina Bita David O Connor Olivier Piani Meetings in 2025: 9 Independence: The Board determined all members of the Audit Committee are independent in accordance with NYSE and SEC rules. Role and Responsibilities: l Oversees the financial accounting and reporting processes of the company. l Responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of our independent public accountant. l Monitors (i) the integrity of our financial statements; (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iii) our independent public accountant s qualifications and independence; and (iv) the performance of our internal audit function and independent public accountant. l Oversees financial and cybersecurity risks relating to the company, including use by the company of AI systems that would support financial reporting. l Oversees company process for developing data systems and disclosures related to emerging climate disclosure regimes. All Audit Committee members meet the independence, experience and financial literacy requirements of the NYSE and Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Ms. Modjtabai, Ms. Bita and Mr. Piani are designated by the Board as audit committee financial experts in accordance with SEC regulations. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 20 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Talent and Compensation Committee Members: George Fotiades (chair) David O Connor Olivier Piani Meetings in 2025: 3 Independence: The Board determined all members of the Compensation Committee are independent in accordance with NYSE and SEC rules. Role and Responsibilities: l Discharges the Board s responsibilities relating to compensation of directors and executives and produces an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in the Proxy Statement. l Approves and evaluates our director and officer compensation plans, policies and programs. l Reviews and recommends to the Board corporate goals and objectives relative to the compensation of our CEO and our executive chairman. l Evaluates our CEO s and our executive chairman s performance considering corporate goals and objectives and sets the CEO s and the executive chairman s compensation levels based on this evaluation, including incentive and equity-based compensation plans. l Sets the amount and form of compensation for the executive officers who report to the CEO. l Makes recommendations to the Board (including recommendations for non-employee directors) on general compensation practices, including incentive and equity-based compensation plans, and adopts, administers and makes awards under annual and long-term incentive compensation and equity-based compensation plans, including any amendments to the awards under any such plans, and reviews and monitors awards under such plans. l Reviews and approves any new employment agreements, change in control agreements and severance or similar termination payments proposed to be made to the CEO or any other executive officer of the company. l Confirms relevant reports are made to the Board or in periodic filings as required by governing rules and regulations of the SEC and NYSE. l Reviews and discusses with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and determines whether to recommend its inclusion in the Proxy Statement to the Board. l Participates in succession planning for key executives. l Administers our Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy applicable to current and former executive officers. l Focuses on risks relating to remuneration of our officers and employees and administers our equity compensation plans, our nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements and our 401(k) plan. l Advises management on human capital strategies, practices and related risks, including attracting, developing and retaining key employees. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 21 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Governance and Nomination Committee Members: Lydia Kennard (chair) Guy Metcalfe Sarah Slusser Meetings in 2025: 3 Independence: The Board determined all members of the Governance Committee are independent in accordance with NYSE and SEC rules. Role and Responsibilities: l Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding Board organization and succession matters. l Assists the full Board in evaluating the effectiveness of the Board and its committees. l Reviews and makes recommendations for committee appointments to the Board. l Identifies individuals qualified to become Board members consistent with any criteria approved by the Board and proposes to the Board a slate of nominees for election to the Board. l Assesses and makes recommendations to the Board on corporate governance matters. l Develops and recommends to the Board a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the company. l Oversees Global Impact Sustainability matters, assesses sustainability and climate change risks and opportunities, and assists the Board in reviewing and approving the company s sustainability and impact activities, goals and policies. l Reviews the adequacy of our Governance Guidelines on an annual basis and focuses on reputational and corporate governance risks. l Reviews company political lobbying activity and spending. Board Executive Committee Members: James Connor (chair) Daniel Letter Irving Lyons III Hamid Moghadam Meetings in 2025: N/A Independence: The Board determined James Connor and Irving Lyons III are independent in accordance with NYSE and SEC rules. Role and Responsibilities: l Action by the Executive Committee is intended to be used infrequently for ordinary course or administrative matters, and only if the matter is time-sensitive and the full Board is unavailable. l The Executive Committee did not take any actions in 2025. l Holds all the powers and authority of the Board, subject to such limitations as the Board, the committee s charter and/or applicable law, rules and regulations may impose from time to time. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 22 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Other Governance Matters Board s role in risk oversight Risk awareness is embedded throughout our operations, underpinned by an integrated framework for identifying, assessing and managing risk. The Board retains overall oversight of risk management, with the following committees exercising delegated oversight on behalf of the Board for certain risks and reporting back to the Board: l The Compensation Committee focuses on risks relating to human capital management, talent retention and remuneration of our officers and employees. l The Governance Committee focuses on reputational risks, corporate governance and Global Impact Sustainability, including climate change risks. l The Audit Committee focuses on financial and cybersecurity risks relating to the company, including use by the company of artificial intelligence (AI) systems that would support financial reporting. The Audit Committee also monitors reputational risks, including those related to ethics and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These committees regularly advise the full Board of their risk oversight activities. Critical components of our risk oversight framework include regular communication among the Board, our management executive committee and our risk management leaders to identify, assess and manage risk. Identifying, assessing and managing risks Our risk oversight framework includes: l Board engagement with executive and risk management teams, including multidimensional risk reviews, risk assessment mapping and separate interviews between each director and our risk management team. l Executive management committee meetings focused on strategic risks. l A structured approach to capital deployment vetted through weekly investment committee meetings, including assessments of sustainability profiles of investments, resilience, and climate, natural disaster and weather-related risks. l Management of one of the strongest balance sheets in the REIT industry, achieved by reducing our financial risk and foreign currency exposure. l Rigorous internal and third-party audits assessing the company s controls and procedures. l A centralized team dedicated to managing risk globally and staying closely engaged with Prologis teams at the individual market level. Climate risk We use a cross-functional, data-driven process to identify, assess, prioritize and monitor climate-related risks across our global portfolio. Our risk management team works to ensure we have sufficient insurance coverage and protection for our buildings. We also partner with a global reinsurance company and other third-party experts to evaluate future climate scenarios and determine which actions we should take. Based on this evaluation, we take a range of actions that may include improving the physical resilience of our buildings, reviewing and improving disaster response plans, and other measures. Because of our long-term planning, resilience measures and diverse portfolio footprint, we believe our climate risk is well managed. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 23 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Cybersecurity Our chief technology officer, who reports directly to our CEO, has over 25 years of experience in information technology ( IT ), specifically infrastructure, information security and fraud and identity solutions at large global companies. Our deputy information security officer has over 20 years of experience in various information security roles. Together, they oversee and lead our information security program and our business strategy, financial planning and capital allocation around our cybersecurity risk management and governance practices. They report or provide updates to the Audit Committee and/or Board on multiple occasions annually and as necessary when incidents arise, in accordance with our cybersecurity incident communication protocols. The Prologis Information Security Policy is governed by the United States National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and is utilized as part of our integrated risk management program that involves participation from employees, our Board and third-party service providers. Additionally, all employees and contractors are required to attend mandatory cybersecurity training on an annual basis. Prologis cybersecurity posture is reviewed and benchmarked against its peers through regular participation in a third-party security benchmarking survey. Our IT infrastructure is externally audited as part of our Sarbanes-Oxley audit process and our controls include information security standards. In addition, we maintain standalone cybersecurity insurance. To our knowledge, we have not experienced a material breach in information security or any breach in information security that resulted in financial loss, unauthorized access to data or a system interruption that affected internal or external business functions within the three years preceding the date of this Proxy Statement. CEO and Management Succession Planning Please refer to page 39 for information regarding our recent CEO transition. We believe in a long planning arc to ensure continuity within senior leadership roles at the company . Our thoughtful, long-term approach enables us to efficiently manage executive succession: l Our long-term succession planning produced a leadership team with institutional knowledge, complementary experience and a history of strong performance. All current executive officers were developed, retained and promoted from within. This group has an average tenure of 19 years, fostering continuity, cultural alignment and deep familiarity with our business model. We have also added other senior leaders to key roles on our management executive committee, strengthening capabilities in emerging areas such as energy. Together, these transitions position the company with experienced leadership and continuity in execution as it enters its next phase of growth. l We are purposefully focused on continuing our succession planning process with the next generation of leadership. Given the scale and breadth of our global platform, we emphasize internal development and long-term exposure to our operating model. We seek to promote individuals who demonstrate sustained performance and deep understanding of our business, reinforcing a durable leadership pipeline for the future. Please also see Compensation Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of how the Compensation Committee uses pay to retain a deep bench of talent, enabling the company to develop and prepare potential future leaders, as well as the Compensation Committee s approach to compensation of our current executive officers. Communications with directors We appreciate your input. Our directors are accessible to our stockholders and other interested parties for engagement as appropriate. You can communicate with any of the directors, individually or as a group, by writing to them in care of Deborah K. Briones, Secretary, Prologis, Inc., Pier 1, Bay 1, San Francisco, California 94111. Each communication intended for the Board and received by the secretary that is related to the operation of the company and is not otherwise commercial in nature will be forwarded to the specified party following its clearance through normal security procedures. The directors will be advised of any communications excluded through normal security procedures, as appropriate, and the communications will be made available to any director who wishes to review them. Director attendance The Board held four meetings in 2025, including telephonic meetings, and all directors attended 75% or more of the aggregate number of Board and applicable committee meetings on which they served during 2025 (held during the periods they served). Each director standing for election in 2026 is expected to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, either virtually or telephonically, absent cause. All of our directors attended the Annual Meeting last year, virtually or telephonically. Pursuant to applicable Maryland law, a majority of the entire Board constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business at meetings of the Board. Director compensation Please see Director Compensation and the table titled Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 2025. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 24 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Stock ownership guidelines and prohibition on hedging/pledging Our directors must comply with our stock ownership guidelines that require each director to maintain an ownership level in our common stock equal to five times the annual cash retainer (a total of $600,000 as of December 31, 2025). Shares included as owned by directors for purposes of the guidelines include common stock owned, vested or unvested equity awards (restricted stock, restricted stock units, shares and share units deferred under the terms of the Director Deferred Fee Plan or the applicable non-qualified deferred compensation plan, deferred share units and dividend equivalent units), and operating partnership or other partnership units exchangeable or redeemable for common stock. Until such time as the ownership thresholds are met, we will require directors to retain and hold 50% of any net shares of our common stock issued to our directors under our equity compensation plans. Additionally, our insider trading policy prohibits our directors and employees from hedging the economic risk of ownership of our common stock and from pledging shares of our common stock. All of our directors and executive officers are currently in compliance with the stock ownership guidelines and the prohibition on hedging and pledging our common stock. Independent compensation consultant The Compensation Committee directly engaged an outside compensation consulting firm, Pay Governance, to assist the committee in assessing our compensation programs for our Board, our CEO and other members of executive management. Pay Governance reports directly to the Compensation Committee. Pay Governance receives no compensation from the company other than for its work in advising the Compensation Committee, and maintains no other economic relationships with the company. Pay Governance interacts directly with members of our management only on matters under the Compensation Committee s oversight. Pay Governance conducted a comprehensive competitive review of the compensation program for our non-employee directors in May 2025 and executive officers in December 2025, which was used by the Compensation Committee to assist in making compensation recommendations to the Board. Our CEO makes separate recommendations to the Compensation Committee concerning the form and amount of the compensation of our executive officers (excluding his own compensation). The Compensation Committee considered the independence of Pay Governance in light of the rules regarding compensation committee advisor independence mandated under the Dodd-Frank Act. The Compensation Committee reviewed factors, facts and circumstances regarding compensation consultant independence, including a letter from Pay Governance addressing Pay Governance and their consulting team s independent status with respect to the following factors: (i) other services provided to us by Pay Governance; (ii) fees we pay to Pay Governance as a percentage of their total revenues; (iii) Pay Governance s policies and procedures that are designed to prevent conflicts of interest; (iv) any business or personal relationships between Pay Governance or members of their consulting team that serve the Compensation Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee; (v) any shares of our stock owned by Pay Governance or members of their consulting team that serves the Compensation Committee; and (vi) any business or personal relationships between our executive officers and Pay Governance or members of their consulting team that serve the Compensation Committee. After discussing these factors, facts and circumstances, the Compensation Committee affirmed the independent status of Pay Governance and concluded there are no conflicts of interest with respect to Pay Governance. Compensation Committee interlocks and insider participation No member of the Compensation Committee (i) was, during the year ended December 31, 2025, or had previously been, an officer or employee of the company or (ii) had any material interest in a transaction with the company or a business relationship with, or any indebtedness to, the company. No interlocking relationships existed during the year ended December 31, 2025, between any member of the Board or the Compensation Committee and an executive officer of the company. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and Governance Guidelines The Board adopted a code of ethics and business conduct that applies to all employees and directors. The Board has formalized policies, procedures and standards of corporate governance that are reflected in our Governance Guidelines. Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code ) outlines, in great detail, the key principles of ethical conduct expected of our employees, officers and directors, including matters related to conflicts of interest, use of company resources, fair dealing, and financial reporting and disclosure. The Code establishes formal procedures for reporting illegal or unethical behavior to the company s internal ethics committee. These procedures permit employees to report any concerns, including concerns about the company s accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, on a confidential or anonymous basis if desired. Employees may contact the ethics committee by email, in writing, by web-based report or by calling a toll-free telephone number. Any significant concerns are reported to the Audit Committee in accordance with the Code. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 25 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Policy Governing Material, Nonpublic Information and the Prevention of Insider Trading The Board adopted an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of the company s securities by our directors, officers and employees that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listing standards applicable to the company. A copy of our insider trading policy, including any amendments thereto, was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Simultaneous Board service Our director overboarding policy in our Governance Guidelines requires that if a director serves on three or more public company boards simultaneously, including our Board, a determination is made by our Board as to whether such simultaneous service impairs the ability of such member to effectively serve the company. Mr. Connor, Ms. Kennard and Mr. Metcalfe currently serve on three public company boards each, including our Board. In each case, our Board determined that such simultaneous board service does not impair the individual s ability to be an effective member of our Board. Certain relationships and related party transactions We do not have any related party transactions to report under relevant SEC rules and regulations. According to the company s charter, the Board may authorize any agreement or other transaction with any party, even though one or more of our directors or officers may be a party to such an agreement or is an officer, director, stockholder, member or partner of the other party, if (i) the existence of the relationship is disclosed or known to the Board, and the contract or transaction is authorized, approved or ratified by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the disinterested directors, even if they constitute less than a quorum of the Board; (ii) the existence is disclosed to the stockholders entitled to vote, and the contract or transaction is authorized, approved or ratified by a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote (excluding shares owned by any interested director, officer or the organization in which such person is a director or has a material financial interest); or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair and reasonable to the company. We recognize that transactions between us and related parties can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our decisions are based on considerations other than the company s best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. Related parties may include our directors, executives, significant stockholders and immediate family members, and affiliates of such persons. Accordingly, several provisions of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct are intended to help us avoid the conflicts and other issues that may arise in transactions between us and related parties, prescribing that: l Employees will not engage in conduct or activity that may raise questions as to the company s honesty, impartiality or reputation. l Employees shall not hold financial interests that conflict with, or give the appearance of conflicting with, the performance of their assigned duties. l Employees shall act impartially and not give undue preferential treatment to any private organization or individual. l Employees should avoid actual conflicts or the appearance of conflicts of interest. These provisions of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct may be amended, modified or waived by the Board or the Governance Committee, subject to the disclosure requirements and other provisions of the rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE. No waivers of our code of ethics and business conduct were granted in 2025. Although we do not have detailed written procedures concerning the waiver of the application of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct or the review and approval of transactions with directors or their affiliates, our directors would consider all relevant facts and circumstances in considering any such waiver or review and approval. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 26 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Executive Officers Biographies of our executive officers as of March 2026, other than Mr. Letter, are presented below. Information for Mr. Letter is included above under Director Nominees. Messrs. Moghadam, Arndt, Letter and Andrus and Ms. Briones, along with Joseph Ghazal, our former chief investment officer, are treated as named executive officers (each an NEO ) for purposes of this Proxy Statement. Timothy D. Arndt Chief Financial Officer Years at Prologis: 21 Mr. Arndt, 53, has been our chief financial officer since April 2022 and was our treasurer from December 2013 to March 2022. Previously, he held various leadership positions with the company since joining AMB in 2004, including head of corporate planning and as part of the company s global deployment team. Prior to joining AMB, Mr. Arndt worked in real estate strategy at Gap Inc. and in debt capital markets at Forest City Enterprises. He received his Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Toledo and a Master of Business Administration from Cleveland State University. In addition, he completed the Stanford Executive Program at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Carter H. Andrus Chief Operating Officer Years at Prologis: 17 Mr. Andrus, 46, has been our chief operating officer since January 2024. Previously, he was Prologis global head of operations from January 2022 until December 2023. Mr. Andrus has held various leadership positions with the company since joining Prologis in 2008, including president of Prologis U.S. Central Region. Prior to joining Prologis, he was a senior vice president at Colliers International. Mr. Andrus holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the University of Michigan. Damon M. Austin Chief Development Officer Years at Prologis: 11 Mr. Austin, 47, has been our chief development officer since January 2026. Previously, Mr. Austin was our global head of customer-led development from January 2023 to December 2025. He has served in various leadership roles with the company since joining Prologis in 2015, including managing director, customer-led development of the Americas and managing director, capital deployment for the U.S. West Region. Mr. Austin holds a Bachelor of Arts in English from Dartmouth College and an MBA from the UCLA Anderson School of Management. Deborah K. Briones Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Years at Prologis: 21 Ms. Briones, 54, has been our chief legal officer, general counsel and secretary since January 2025. She previously served as managing director and deputy general counsel from August 2022 until December 2024. Ms. Briones has served in various leadership roles since joining AMB in 2004, including senior vice president, associate general counsel. Ms. Briones received her Juris Doctor from the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law and her Bachelor of Arts, with honors, from Yale University. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 27 Table of Contents At Prologis, Global Impact Sustainability creates value for our stockholders, customers, employees and communities. This includes four areas of focus: Ahead of What s Next Sustainable Logistics Inspired People Resilient Communities We lead our industry, supporting innovation and capitalizing on our scale and our role in the global supply chain. Our customers want to use energy and other resources efficiently. We provide them with a range of sustainable solutions. Our people are the key to our success. They contribute to their communities and build an inclusive workplace. Logistics real estate drives economic growth and development in the communities where we operate. Many of our industry-leading distribution centers are located in the urban cores of the world s most densely populated metropolitan areas. This shortens delivery routes, cuts delivery times and reduces supply chain-related emissions. We design, build and operate these distribution centers to operate efficiently, and provide our customers with energy-related services to help them reduce their impacts, risks and operating costs. We also engage with the communities we serve, incorporating their ideas where feasible, to build trust and help local businesses and the community flourish. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 28 Table of Contents GLOBAL IMPACT SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES We Stay Ahead of What s Next Prologis combines the spirit of a startup with the resources of an industry leader. We pilot and implement a wide range of solutions for our customers. We encourage our employees to simplify and sprint and to fail fast. 50 Prologis Ventures ( Ventures ) drives innovation across our industry, with investments in more than 50 early- and growth-stage companies since 2016. Net Promoter Score: +51 We achieved a Net Promoter Score of +51 on a scale of -100 to +100 in 2025, indicating strong customer loyalty. 10% 10% of our 2025 employee bonus scorecard was linked to performance in areas related to Global Impact Sustainability. We Deliver Sustainable Logistics Sustainability is integrated into our business strategy. We design, build and operate industry-leading distribution centers that help our customers reduce their costs and minimize their impacts. 2040 Our goal to achieve net-zero emissions by 2040 has been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. 1.1 GW We achieved 1.1 GW of solar generation and energy storage capacity in 2025, enough to power approximately 193,000 typical U.S. homes. 83% Approximately 83% of our eligible logistics facilities (based on square feet) within our owned and managed operating portfolio has LED lighting. SOLAR GENERATION ENERGY STORAGE CAPACITY (GW) (1) We Inspire Our People Our people are the key to our success. Their dedication and innovation create value for our customers and investors. 85% In 2025, with participation of 92% of our employees, we achieved an 85% employee engagement survey score, 10% above the average for the financial services sector. 100% All of our employees completed ethics training in 2025. 14,400 Our employees completed more than 14,400 hours of company-provided or -sponsored training in 2025. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT (1) Across our Owned and Managed (O M) Portfolio. Includes projects that are operating, have achieved Permission to Operate (PTO) or are awaiting final documentation from the utility, as well as capacity achieved through third-party projects where Prologis purchases or guarantees a fixed price for clean power through direct or virtual Power Purchase Agreements (vPPAs). PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 29 Table of Contents GLOBAL IMPACT SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES We Build Resilient Communities Logistics real estate drives economic development and strengthens local businesses and communities. We work in partnership with local leaders and organizations to provide job training programs; promote community health and safety; and enhance park and transit infrastructure. 1.15 More than 1.15 million people worked under a Prologis roof, most of whom were employed by our customers. (1) 25,000 We achieved our goal to provide job training to 25,000 individuals by 2025 by partnering with leading public sector organizations and leveraging digital learning technologies to develop innovative training solutions. 21,600 Our employees donated more than 21,600 hours to community organizations in 2025. (1) According to a study published in 2025 by the independent advisory firm Oxford Economics that was commissioned by Prologis. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 30 Table of Contents GLOBAL IMPACT SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES Our Goals and Progress Our sustainability goals are driven by our business strategy to develop, own, lease and manage properties in the world s most vibrant centers of trade and commerce. We plan to announce our 2030 goals with the publication of our next sustainability report. Goals Target Year 2025 Progress/Performance Environmental Performance Install 1 GW of solar generation and storage capacity. 2025 Achieved 1.1 GW. (1) Achieve sustainable building certifications for 100% of eligible (2) new developments and redevelopments. Annually Achieved, or in process of achieving, sustainable building certifications for 100% of eligible (2) new developments and redevelopments. Install LED lighting across 100% of eligible new developments and redevelopments and across 80% of our portfolio. (3) 2025 Achieved. Installed, or were scheduled to install, LED lighting across 100% of eligible new developments and redevelopments in 2025 and LED lighting across 83% of our portfolio. (3) Social Performance Train 25,000 people in logistics through our Community Workforce Initiative (CWI) (beginning in 2018). 2025 Achieved. Trained over 25,000 participants since 2018, achieving this goal in 2023 two years early. Achieve 75,000 hours of volunteer time supporting our local communities around the globe (beginning in 2019). 2025 Achieved. Approximately 96,000 hours of volunteer time since 2019. Governance Performance Ensure 100% of employees complete ethics training. Annually Achieved. Trained 100% of employees. (1) Across our owned and managed ( O M ) portfolio. Includes projects that are operating, have achieved Permission to Operate (PTO) or are awaiting final documentation from the utility, as well as capacity achieved through third-party projects where Prologis purchases or guarantees a fixed price for clean power through direct or virtual Power Purchase Agreements (vPPAs). (2) Includes developments and redevelopments approved from June 2021. Due to customer requirements and/or the limitations of certain co-development agreements, a small number of projects are ineligible to receive a sustainable certification. (3) Across our owned and managed operating properties. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 31 Table of Contents GLOBAL IMPACT SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES Further Information Global Impact Sustainability report Corporate website Our next Global Impact Sustainability report will be published later in 2026. Our corporate website provides disclosures and data related to Global Impact Sustainability. (1) (1) Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this Proxy Statement. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 32 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis 34 Prologis Business Overview 37 Our Foundational Compensation Principles and Key Insights for 2025 38 Stockholder Outreach Highlights 39 2026 Updates 41 Compensation Benchmarking Peer Group 42 2025 Compensation Program Structure 43 2025 Chief Executive Officer Compensation 44 2025 Core Compensation: Annual Bonus Opportunity 52 2025 Core Compensation: Annual LTI Equity Awards 54 2025 Outperformance Compensation: Prologis Promote Plan (PPP) 55 Other Compensation Considerations 58 Talent and Compensation Committee Report All company operational information in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) is for the year ended or as of December 31, 2025, unless otherwise noted. See Appendix A for definitions and discussion of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and for additional detail regarding definitions of terms as generally explained in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The Talent and Compensation Committee ( Compensation Committee or the Committee ) reviews management s performance against key company performance measures, such as Core FFO per share, discussed below. Messrs. Moghadam, Arndt, Letter and Andrus and Ms. Briones, as well as Mr. Ghazal, our former Chief Investment Officer, are our NEOs for purposes of this Proxy Statement. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 33 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Prologis Business Overview The world runs on logistics. At Prologis, we don t just lead the industry, we define it. We create the intelligent infrastructure that powers global commerce, seamlessly connecting the digital and physical worlds. From agile supply chains to clean energy solutions, our ecosystems help our customers businesses move faster, operate smarter and grow sustainably. With unmatched scale, innovation and expertise, Prologis is a category of one, not just shaping the future of logistics but building what comes next. Largest global owner of logistics real estate: We own, manage, lease and develop high-quality logistics facilities in 20 countries across four continents. At year-end 2025, our portfolio included 1.3B square feet of logistics space worldwide and $230B of assets under management ( AUM ), with the largest enterprise value in the world among public REITs. Customer-centric business model: We offer logistics facilities globally in our customers most critical markets, demonstrated by the fact that 16 of our top 25 customers lease space from us on multiple continents. Our model delivers strong long-term stockholder returns: Our global scale, customer-centric model and ability to execute on our forward-looking strategy has enabled long-term outperformance. Our five-, seven- and ten-year annualized TSR outperformed the MSCI U.S. REIT Index, by 149 bps, 790 bps and 905 bps, respectively. UNMATCHED GLOBAL PLATFORM DELIVERS LONG-TERM VALUE Over the past decade, our worldwide business has delivered long-term growth that outpaced other REITs (1) : Total Stockholder Return CAGR (10-Year Period) 832 bps greater 10-year TSR CAGR than S P 500 REITs 543 bps greater 10-year dividend CAGR than S P 500 REITs Stock Price CAGR (10-Year Period) Dividend CAGR (2) (10-Year Period) Net Earnings Per Share CAGR (3) (10-Year Period) Core FFO Per Share CAGR (4) (10-Year Period) (1) Based on the weighted average market capitalization over the 10-year period for the S P 500 REITs, which consists of AMT, ARE, AVB, BXP, CCI, CPT, DLR, DOC, EQIX, EQR, ESS, EXR, FRT, HST, IRM, KIM, MAA, O, PSA, REG, SBAC, SPG, UDR, VTR, WELL and WY. Identified by stock symbols. Percentages are rounded. Compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ). (2) Includes companies that reported dividend data in both the initial and final years of the measurement period. Excludes companies that did not report data in both years. (3) Prologis net earnings per share CAGR is impacted by non-cash depreciation expense generated as a result of our M A activity. Prologis acquisitions of other real estate companies and assets from other companies creates non-cash depreciation expense at the fair market value of the assets acquired. From 2011 to 2022, we completed five significant M A transactions collectively valued at approximately $54B. In addition, our net earnings per share CAGR has more variability than our Core FFO per share CAGR due to unrealized foreign currency fluctuations and gains from dispositions of assets and contributions of assets to Strategic Capital vehicles, which affect our net earnings per share but do not impact our Core FFO per share. (4) Core FFO per share excluding Net Promote Income (Expense). Core FFO per share is a non-GAAP measure. Please see Appendix A for a discussion and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. See Appendix A for a calculation of the CAGR of our Core FFO per share. Includes companies that reported Core FFO per share, or equivalent, data in both the initial and final years of the measurement period. Excludes companies that did not report applicable data in both years. Uses FFO adjusted for comparability to Core FFO measures for companies that did not report Core FFO. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 34 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Our integrated platform across logistics and adjacent growth businesses drives long-term stockholder value Our industry-leading balance sheet provides resilience across cycles and the flexibility to deploy capital with discipline when opportunities emerge. Combined with our global scale and integrated platform, we operate beyond traditional logistics real estate, creating durable competitive advantages and multiple drivers of long-term growth. STRONG FOUNDATION FOR GROWTH Fortress balance sheet l A top credit-rated REIT, rated A2 and A by Moody s and S P, respectively. (1) l Enables us to access financial markets globally on favorable terms: being an A-rated company provides significant value by reducing our cost of capital across multiple currencies. l $7.6B of liquidity at year-end 2025, readily available to deploy opportunistically. Strategic Capital l Leading global logistics-focused asset manager with $67B of third-party AUM. l We partner with third-party institutional investors to jointly own properties through co-investment vehicles. l In 2025, we achieved an important milestone by completing the IPO of China AMC Prologis Logistics REIT ( C-REIT ). This marks our third fee-generating publicly listed vehicle, along with Nippon Prologis REIT in Japan and FIBRA Prologis in Mexico. C-REIT broadens our access to capital, diversifies our investor base and strengthens our presence in China, one of the world s most dynamic logistics markets. Proven M A track record l 2011 2023: Acquired five real estate companies in transactions collectively valued at $54B and overdelivered on our underwritten synergies. Also acquired and successfully integrated a $3.1B portfolio of high-quality U.S. assets. l 2024 2025: FIBRA Prologis, our Strategic Capital vehicle in Mexico, acquired Terrafina, which owns approximately 41M square feet of industrial space in key markets. COMPELLING EMBEDDED UPSIDE Development expertise and unique land bank l Global land portfolio focused on major urban centers can support an estimated $42.6B of development. (2) l The strategic location of our sites, combined with our development and sustainable design expertise, enables us to unlock the full value of our industry-leading land portfolio, a distinct competitive advantage. Growth potential from rent change l Cumulative market rent growth over the past several years has created significant embedded mark-to-market, positioning lease renewals to yield significant increases in future rental income. l Our lease mark-to-market (which estimates the extent to which market rents exceed our current in-place rents) was approximately 18% as of year-end 2025. Capturing additional wallet share l Essentials Solutions provide an ecosystem of products and services to support our customers from move in to move out, generating additional income from solutions like turnkey warehouses, LED lighting and more. l Energy Solutions support our customers energy needs while creating more value in our portfolio. Our business offers comprehensive commercial solar energy, battery storage and on-premises energy solutions, with more than 1 gigawatt of solar power generation and energy storage capacity. ADJACENT GROWTH BUSINESSES Data centers: Strategic fit with Prologis platform l Our ability to integrate land, infill locations, power procurement, customer relationships, capital and a deeply experienced team gives us a competitive advantage in the data center space. l We are advancing on our strategy to secure reliable access to power at scale, which positions select sites for energy-ready data center development while also increasing the value of our land. Venture capital investments accelerate the future of logistics l Prologis Ventures invests in startups focused on developing solutions to our customers most critical logistics challenges, including those involving transportation, energy and construction. l With investments in more than 50 early- and growth-stage companies since 2016, Ventures investments have delivered valuable strategic insights and access to innovation for Prologis and our customers, helping to optimize supply chains and operations. Scale-enabled data advantage l We are uniquely positioned to harness logistics data. An estimated $3.2 trillion of goods flowed through our facilities in 2024, equivalent to 2.9% of the world s GDP. (3) l Our data-driven capabilities enable our teams to apply artificial intelligence to enhance operational efficiency and support informed decision-making. (1) A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. (2) Estimated development based on Total Expected Investment (TEI) of newly developed buildings on an O M basis and represents total estimated cost of development or expansion, including land, development and leasing costs. TEI is based on current projections and is subject to change. (3) Gross Domestic Product (GDP). According to a study published in 2025 by the independent advisory firm Oxford Economics that was commissioned by Prologis. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 35 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Strategic Capital is a core differentiator and foundational to Prologis long-term growth Contributes significantly to our global logistics scale: Our 11 Strategic Capital vehicles provide additional investment capacity that allows us to grow our core real estate business and develop new revenue streams, such as our Essentials Solutions, Energy Solutions and data center businesses. Provides substantial fee income: Prologis manages the assets owned by the vehicles, leveraging our expertise to drive strong returns for our Strategic Capital investors and, ultimately, Prologis stockholders. The company earns management fees and also has the opportunity to earn incentive fees for achieving outperformance targets by delivering value creation or investment return growth. 44% of our total AUM Substantial fee income Aligned interest $102B total assets (including Prologis share) are held in our 11 vehicles, comprising 3,081 buildings and 670M square feet. Over the past decade, Prologis has earned over $6B in management and incentive fees from Strategic Capital. Prologis owns a substantial portion of each vehicle. When the value of assets held in a vehicle increases, the value of Prologis ownership stake also increases. Prologis Strategic Capital platform enhances returns: By co-investing alongside institutional investors, we deploy less of our own capital while also earning management fees and performance-based incentive fees. This model allows us to deploy capital efficiently, participate in long-term value creation and build a diversified, resilient earnings stream that complements our wholly owned portfolio and supports value creation for our stockholders. Strategic Capital diversifies risk: Strategic Capital expands our access to capital and broadens our exposure across properties, markets and customers beyond what could be achieved through balance sheet ownership alone. This investment structure also helps mitigate foreign currency risk, as properties outside the U.S. are primarily held in vehicles that operate in their local currency and have third-party investors, reducing Prologis direct exposure to exchange rate movements. Prologis Promote Plan (PPP) aligns incentives with Strategic Capital outperformance: Our Strategic Capital third-party investors expect Prologis to directly align senior management incentives with outperformance in our vehicles. In response, we established PPP, a compensation program specifically tied to Strategic Capital vehicle results. See page 54 for details on the structure of PPP and how it incentivizes strong returns in our Strategic Capital business. Capital recycling: The fundamental Strategic Capital advantage Strategic Capital allows us to self-fund our development activities without the cost and delay of having to access public equity markets for annual deployment capital. This distinguishes us from competitors who issue new equity to finance their growth. As illustrated to the left, Prologis may offer to contribute assets to our Strategic Capital vehicles. Prologis recycles the profits generated from the contribution of assets to Strategic Capital vehicles to fund additional projects. This creates a powerful cycle of value creation and reinvestment. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 36 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FROM THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Our Foundational Compensation Principles and Key Insights for 2025 The Compensation Committee prioritizes long-term stockholder value by aligning incentives with key business goals and securing leadership continuity. We rigorously evaluate and structure executive compensation to provide a strong alignment with stockholder interests and to attract and retain a deep bench of talent. This approach has facilitated our effective, long-term approach to executive succession planning, and has enabled our track record of delivering long-term stockholder value. Paying for performance is foundational to our compensation philosophy, and 2025 payouts reflect strong company performance. Paying for performance is our central compensation tenet. 2025 payouts reflect company performance l Commitment to pay-for-performance: The Committee devotes significant attention to evaluating our executive compensation program to ensure our incentive design works as intended to drive substantial long-term stockholder returns. In recent years, the Committee has implemented meaningful program design changes to further strengthen alignment with stockholder interests. l Pay-for-performance design supported strong 2025 results: In 2025, we delivered strong operating results, including net earnings of $3.56 per share and Core FFO of $5.86 per share (1) , representing 6% Core FFO per share (1) growth over 2024. We also signed 228M square feet of leases during the year, a company record. Annual bonus opportunity underpinned our results: Our 2025 results reflect the alignment of our pay-for-performance compensation program with key operational and strategic priorities. Our 2025 bonus scorecard incorporated quantitative performance metrics, including financial performance and operational execution. For example, the average occupancy above market metric (2) added to the 2025 bonus scorecard directly incentivized leasing activity and contributed to our record lease signings. Based on strong overall performance against the rigorous targets in our bonus scorecard, our NEOs earned above-target annual incentive payouts for 2025. l Our compensation program aligns incentives with long-term stockholder value: Strong, durable financial and operational results, including those in 2025, propel our long-term TSR outperformance. Since the AMB-ProLogis Merger 14 years ago, we have delivered annualized TSR of 12.84% and a cumulative return of over 482.47%. Our annualized TSR over that period outperformed the MSCI U.S. REIT Index by 561 bps and the S P 500 Equal Weighted Index by 102 bps per year. Performance-based equity awards incentivize relative TSR outperformance: Forward-looking PSU awards constitute the majority of our NEOs pay opportunities. These performance-based awards require above-index TSR performance over a multi-year period to earn target payouts, with above-target opportunities requiring greater relative TSR outperformance. We prioritize thoughtful succession planning to promote business continuity and long-term growth l As a lean organization, managing $230B of AUM with only approximately 2,800 employees, we depend on exceptional talent to run our global enterprise spanning logistics, digital infrastructure and distributed energy, underpinned by public and private capital. l Accordingly, we intentionally invest in developing and retaining top talent as a cornerstone of our succession strategy. Attracting and retaining high-performing leaders ensures continuity grounded in deep institutional knowledge and operational expertise, positioning us to continuously drive long-term success for our customers and stockholders. l Our long-term planning horizon has enabled us to methodically build our current leadership team over time: All current executive officers were developed, retained and promoted from within. This group has an average tenure of 19 years, fostering continuity, cultural alignment and deep familiarity with our business model. Over the same period, we added other senior leaders to key roles on our management executive committee, strengthening capabilities in emerging areas such as energy. l Our current executive officers compensation is performance-driven, with Core Compensation positioned within a reasonable range of median Peer Group pay and above-median opportunities requiring exceptional performance. l We are purposefully focused on continuing our succession planning process with the next generation of leadership. Given the scale and breadth of our global platform, we emphasize internal development and long-term exposure to our operating model. We seek to promote individuals who demonstrate sustained performance and deep understanding of our business, reinforcing a durable leadership pipeline for the future. (1) Core FFO per share excluding Net Promote Income (Expense). Core FFO per share is a non-GAAP measure. Please see Appendix A for a discussion and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. (2) Measures the extent to which the average occupancy of Prologis share of the operating portfolio exceeds the average occupancy of the industrial real estate markets in which Prologis operates. Please refer to page 46 for a more detailed description of this metric in our 2025 bonus scorecard. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 37 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Stockholder Outreach Highlights At our 2025 Annual Meeting, 91% of stockholders supported our Say-on-Pay proposal. Similarly, at our 2024 Annual Meeting, our Say-on-Pay proposal received 92% stockholder support. These results reflect sustained stockholder confidence in the structure of our executive compensation program and the Compensation Committee s recent decisions, including the significant changes we implemented to our program in 2024 based on critical themes heard during stockholder outreach. Consistent with our longstanding commitment to stockholder engagement, we conducted outreach to 73% of our top 100 stockholders in the past year. (1) The chair of our Compensation Committee led in-person and virtual meetings with each stockholder that we met with, providing direct insight into the Committee s decision-making framework and listening to stockholder priorities and recommendations. During these discussions, many stockholders expressed appreciation for the strong alignment between compensation outcomes and long-term value creation, as well as Mr. Moghadam s and the Board s disciplined, multi-year approach to succession planning. Stockholders were interested in understanding how the Compensation Committee s decisions facilitated the succession process and how the go-forward incentive structure would ensure that the executive team has incentives to deliver superior results. Our disclosures in this Proxy Statement were informed by the feedback received through these conversations. As part of our annual outreach, we also discuss key corporate governance features with stockholders, including our recent actions to enhance stockholder rights. In February 2025, we reduced the ownership threshold required to call a special meeting from 50% to 20% of voting power. Stockholders voiced support for using this threshold. (1) Calculated by outstanding shares of common stock held by our top 100 stockholders. As of December 31, 2025, our top 100 stockholders held 82% of our outstanding shares. Engagement covered 46% of total shares outstanding and included outreach from May 2025 to March 2026. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 38 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2026 Updates Effective January 1, 2026, Hamid Moghadam transitioned from CEO to executive chairman of the Board, and Dan Letter became CEO. Mr. Letter joined the company in 2004 and has held a variety of senior leadership roles, most recently serving as president since 2023. This CEO transition is the result of a multi-year succession planning process led by Mr. Moghadam and fully supported and approved by the Board. To provide transparency to our stockholders, customers and employees, the transition was announced in February 2025, nearly a full year before it became effective. The Committee carefully evaluated the appropriate roles, responsibilities and compensation structures for both the CEO and the executive chairman positions. The Committee believes the compensation packages for both roles support the effective execution of our thoughtful, long-term succession plan, which is in the best interests of Prologis stockholders. As executive chairman, Mr. Moghadam will draw on his deep industry expertise, institutional knowledge and vast network to lead the Board and contribute to the company s long-term success. Recognizing the value of Mr. Moghadam s continued service as executive chairman, the Committee designed an executive chairman compensation package grounded in benchmarked data and aligned with long-term stockholder value creation. 2026 executive chairman compensation The executive chairman s annual compensation will be entirely performance-based and delivered exclusively in the form of performance-based equity awards (PSUs), as requested by Mr. Moghadam. l The executive chairman will not receive a base salary and will not be eligible to receive an annual bonus, distinguishing his pay structure from the vast majority of the executive chair pay structures observed in the Committee s benchmarking. l Annual PSU awards will be earned solely based on multi-year company performance and carry the same upside opportunity and downside risk as PSUs granted to our executive officers, subject to identical performance conditions and vesting terms (refer to page 52 for detail on our PSU structure). l For 2026, the executive chairman was awarded a PSU grant with a target value of $13,750,000. This amount was informed by a multi-year benchmarking analysis prepared by the Committee s independent consultant that reviewed compensation paid to former public company CEOs who transitioned to an executive chair role. It analyzed ratios of executive chair compensation relative to final-year CEO compensation. Mr. Moghadam s 2026 annual compensation amount was generally consistent with the median ratio of executive chair-to-CEO compensation observed in the benchmarking analysis. Mr. Moghadam s capped 2025 compensation was used as the reference point in this analysis. l None of Mr. Moghadam s outstanding equity awards granted while he was CEO were accelerated or modified as a result of his transition to executive chairman. To support his retention during the Company s next phase of growth, the Committee also granted Mr. Moghadam a one-time award of 220,000 service-based LTIP Units, subject to three-year cliff vesting. In its benchmarking review, the Committee determined that executive chair arrangements at other companies were not directly comparable to our situation and therefore designed a package tailored to Prologis specific circumstances, namely the transition of a founder with more than 40 years of service. In structuring the award to support Mr. Moghadam s retention during this transition period, the Committee considered: (1) the alignment created by the three-year cliff vesting requirement; (2) the competitive market for highly successful executives with comparable experience; and (3) its longstanding practice of granting Mr. Moghadam at-risk, performance-based awards. Given these considerations, the Committee determined that this targeted, one-time award was appropriate to secure his service and facilitate a seamless CEO transition. During our stockholder outreach, we discussed the executive chairman s compensation, addressed questions and considered the feedback received. Investors voiced strong support for the company s well-executed transition plan and endorsed the executive chairman s role and responsibilities as aligned with the company s long-term interests. 2026 CEO compensation Mr. Letter s 2026 target Core Compensation consists of a base salary of $1,000,000, an annual bonus target equal to 200% of base salary and an annual LTI equity award with a target value of $15,750,000 that is predominantly performance-based. Mr. Letter s annual PSU awards will use the same performance scale and terms as PSUs granted to our other NEOs. The Committee s benchmarking confirmed that Mr. Letter s 2026 target Core Compensation is within an appropriate range relative to median CEO compensation among our Peer Group. PROLOGIS PROXY STATEMENT | MARCH 19, 2026 39 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Prologis has a longstanding commitment to stockholder engagement and responsiveness The Committee deeply values stockholder engagement, consistently conducting annual outreach for the past decade. We continuo