=== PLD_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, specifically Risks Related to our Global Operations and Risks Related to Financing and Capital. See also Notes 2 and 14 in the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information about our foreign operations and derivative financial instruments. We monitor our market risk exposures using a sensitivity analysis. Our sensitivity analysis estimates the exposure to market risk sensitive instruments assuming a hypothetical 10% adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates at December 31, 2025. The results of the sensitivity analysis are summarized in the following sections. The sensitivity analysis is of limited predictive value. As a result, revenues and expenses, as well as our ultimate realized gains or losses with respect to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that arise during a future period, hedging strategies at the time and the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Foreign Currency Risk We are exposed to foreign currency exchange variability related to investments in and earnings from our foreign investments. Foreign currency market risk is the possibility that our results of operations or financial position could be better or worse than planned because of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We primarily mitigate this risk by borrowing in the currencies where we invest, creating a natural hedge. In addition, we use derivative financial instruments, such as foreign currency contracts designated as net investment hedges, which offset translation adjustments on the net assets of our foreign investments. At December 31, 2025, after consideration of our ability to borrow in the foreign currencies in which we invest and also derivative and nonderivative financial instruments as discussed in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we had minimal net equity denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2025, $697 million or 7.9% of our total consolidated revenue was denominated in foreign currencies. We enter into foreign currency contracts that we do not designate, such as forwards, to reduce the impact from fluctuations in foreign currency associated with the translation of the future earnings of our international subsidiaries. At December 31, 2025, we had foreign currency contracts denominated principally in British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, euro and Japanese yen, with an aggregate notional amount of $1.4 billion. As we do not designate these foreign currency contracts as hedges, the gain or loss on settlement is included in our earnings and offsets the lower or higher translation of earnings from our investments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Although the impact to net earnings is mitigated through higher translated U.S. dollar earnings from these currencies, a weakening of the U.S. dollar against these currencies by 10% could result in a $140 million cash payment on settlement of these contracts. Interest Rate Risk We are also exposed to the impact of interest rate changes on future earnings and cash flows. To mitigate that risk, we generally borrow with fixed rate debt, and we may use derivative instruments to fix the interest rate on our variable rate debt. At December 31, 2025, $34.5 billion of our debt bore interest at fixed rates and therefore the fair value of these instruments was affected by changes in market interest rates. At December 31, 2025, $1.1 billion of our debt bore interest at variable rates. The following table summarizes the future repayment of debt and scheduled principal payments at December 31, 2025 (dollars in millions): 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Fair Value Fixed rate debt $ 1,177 $ 2,034 $ 2,628 $ 3,430 $ 25,225 $ 34,494 $ 31,959 Weighted average interest rate (1) 2.9 % 2.2 % 3.2 % 2.7 % 3.4 % 3.2 % Variable rate debt Credit facilities $ - $ 45 $ - $ - $ - $ 45 $ 45 Secured mortgage debt 49 - - - - 49 49 Term loans 689 8 80 - 213 990 990 Total variable rate debt $ 738 $ 53 $ 80 $ - $ 213 $ 1,084 $ 1,084 (1) The weighted average interest rates represent the effective interest rates (including amortization of debt issuance costs and noncash premiums and discounts) at December 31, 2025 for the debt outstanding and include the impact of designated interest rate contracts, which effectively fix the interest rate on certain variable rate debt. At December 31, 2025, the weighted average effective interest rate on our variable rate debt was 3.0%, which was calculated using an average balance on our credit facilities throughout the year and our other variable rate debt balances at December 31, 2025. Changes in interest rates can cause interest expense to fluctuate on our variable rate debt. On the basis of our sensitivity analysis, a 10% increase in interest rates on our average outstanding variable rate debt balances would result in additional annual interest expense of $4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, which equates to a change in interest rates of 30 basis points on our average outstanding variable rate debt balances and 1 basis point on our average total debt balances. 46 Table of Contents ITEM 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data The Consolidated Balance Sheets of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Consolidated Statements of Income of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P., the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P., the Consolidated Statements of Equity of Prologis, Inc., the Consolidated Statements of Capital of Prologis, L.P. and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation, together with the reports of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, are included under Item 15 of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. Selected unaudited quarterly financial data are voluntarily presented in Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. ITEM 9A. Control s and Procedures Controls and Procedures (Prologis, Inc.) Prologis, Inc. carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) at December 31, 2025. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, there were no significant changes in the internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in Prologis, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Prologis, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting was conducted at December 31, 2025, based on the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that, at December 31, 2025, the internal control over financial reporting was effective. Our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2025, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included herein. Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. The internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Controls and Procedures (Prologis, L.P.) Prologis, L.P. carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) at December 31, 2025. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the 47 Table of Contents SEC rules and forms. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, there were no significant changes in the internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in Prologis, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Prologis, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting was conducted at December 31, 2025 based on the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that, at December 31, 2025, the internal control over financial reporting was effective. Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. The internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. ITEM 9B. Other Information On November 26, 2025 , Timothy D. Arndt , our Chief Financial Officer , adopted a pre-arranged stock trading plan for the sale of up to 26,290 shares of Prologis, Inc. common stock through March 31, 2027. On December 30, 2025 , Daniel S. Letter , our then President and current Chief Executive Officer , adopted a pre-arranged stock trading plan for the sale of up to 60,000 shares of Prologis, Inc. common stock through March 31, 2027. These trading plans were entered into during an open insider trading window and are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act and the Company's policies regarding insider transactions. No other Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) were entered into or terminated by our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarterly period ended December 31, 2025 . ITEM 9C. Disclosur e Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to, including relevant sections in our 2026 Proxy Statement, under the captions entitled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance; Executive Officers; Executive Compensation; Director 48 Table of Contents Compensation; Security Ownership; Equity Compensation Plans and Additional Information or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 11. Executi ve Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2026 Proxy Statement, under the captions entitled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance; Executive Officers; Executive Compensation and Director Compensation or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2026 Proxy Statement, under the captions entitled Security Ownership and Equity Compensation Plans or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2026 Proxy Statement, under the caption entitled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2026 Proxy Statement, under the caption entitled Audit Matters or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statements and Schedules The following documents are filed as a part of this report: (a) Financial Statements and Schedules: 1. Financial Statements: See Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule III on page 50 of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes or is not applicable. (b) Exhibits: The Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Index to the Exhibits on pages 101 to 113 of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. (c) Financial Statements: See Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule III on page 50 of this report, which is incorporated by reference. ITEM 16 . Form 10-K Summary Not Applicable. 49 Table of Contents INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE III Page Number Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P.: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 51 Prologis, Inc.: Consolidated Balance Sheets 54 Consolidated Statements of Income 55 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 56 Consolidated Statements of Equity 57 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 58 Prologis, L.P.: Consolidated Balance Sheets 59 Consolidated Statements of Income 60 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 61 Consolidated Statements of Capital 62 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 63 Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P.: Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 64 Note 1. Description of the Business 64 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 64 Note 3. Real Estate 71 Note 4. Unconsolidated Entities 73 Note 5. Assets Held for Sale or Contribution 76 Note 6. Other Assets and Other Liabilities 76 Note 7. Debt 77 Note 8. Stockholders' Equity of Prologis, Inc. 81 Note 9. Partners' Capital of Prologis, L.P. 82 Note 10. Noncontrolling Interests 82 Note 11. Long-Term Compensation 83 Note 12. Income Taxes 86 Note 13. Earnings Per Common Share or Unit 87 Note 14. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 88 Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies 92 Note 16. Reportable Segments 92 Note 17. Supplemental Cash Flow Information 95 Note 18. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 96 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 98 50 Table of Contents REP ORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Prologis, Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Prologis, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 13, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Assessment of the Company s evaluation of the expected holding period for operating properties As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had $80,561 million of operating properties as of December 31, 2025. The Company tests the recoverability of operating properties whenever events or changes in circumstances, including shortening the expected holding period of such assets, indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. We identified the assessment of the Company s evaluation of the expected holding period for certain operating properties as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to assess the relevant events or changes in circumstances that the Company used to evaluate its expected holding period. A shortening of the expected holding period could indicate a potential impairment. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to determining the expected holding period of operating properties and any related changes. We evaluated the Company s expected holding period by inquiring of the Company regarding changes to the expected holding period, considering certain factors related to the current economic environment, reading minutes of the meetings of the Company s Board of Directors, reading external communications with investors and analysts, and analyzing documents prepared by the Company regarding proposed real estate transactions and potential changes to the expected holding period. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. Denver, Colorado February 13, 2026 51 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Partners of Prologis, L.P. and the Board of Directors of Prologis, Inc.: Prologis, L.P.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Prologis, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Operating Partnership) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Operating Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Assessment of the Operating Partnership s evaluation of the expected holding period for operating properties As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Operating Partnership had $80,561 million of operating properties as of December 31, 2025. The Operating Partnership tests the recoverability of operating properties whenever events or changes in circumstances, including shortening the expected holding period of such assets, indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. We identified the assessment of the Operating Partnership s evaluation of the expected holding period for certain operating properties as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to assess the relevant events or changes in circumstances that the Operating Partnership used to evaluate its expected holding period. A shortening of the expected holding period could indicate a potential impairment. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to determining the expected holding period of operating properties and any related changes. We evaluated the Operating Partnership s expected holding period by inquiring of the Operating Partnership regarding changes to the expected holding period, considering certain factors related to the current economic environment, reading minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors of Prologis, Inc., reading external communications with investors and analysts, and analyzing documents prepared by the Operating Partnership regarding proposed real estate transactions and potential changes to the expected holding period. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Operating Partnership s auditor since 2002. Denver, Colorado February 13, 2026 52 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Prologis, Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Prologis, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 