=== ES_2026-03-27.htm.gz ===
tm261423-1_nonfiling - none - 25.1574854s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Eversource Energy (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Dear Fellow Shareholders: On behalf of the Board of Trustees and employees of Eversource Energy, it is my pleasure to invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Eversource Energy. Eversource s team of nearly 11,000 dedicated and engaged employees once again rose to the challenges and opportunities of the utility industry in 2025. Our team continued to provide safe, reliable energy and water service, industry-leading customer service, and timely storm response, as well as generous support for our communities. We invested more than $4 billion into our core businesses in 2025 to improve our already strong reliability and customer service, harden our systems against the impact of extreme weather, prepare for anticipated demand growth, and enable additional clean energy resources to connect to the grid. We re deploying innovative technologies and initiatives to support our states climate goals and enable electrification and decarbonization. We began construction on the Greater Cambridge Energy Program, a $1.8 billion package of transmission and distribution improvements including a first-of-its-kind underground substation. With Avangrid, we submitted a joint bid into ISO-New England s competitive request for transmission proposals to bring onshore wind energy from Maine to the broader New England region. We continued our successful pilot of a networked geothermal system in Framingham, Massachusetts, and received federal funding to expand that system. We advanced projects that are part of our Massachusetts Electric Sector Modernization Plan, a roadmap for the investments needed to enable the Commonwealth s clean energy future, achieve climate goals, and accommodate growth in electric demand. And we began rolling out smart meters in Massachusetts, providing customers with new capabilities to track their energy usage and reduce their bills. While we continue to invest to keep our systems and service strong and enable the clean energy transition, we recognize that affordability is a major concern among our customers, regulators, and other external stakeholders. We are committed to working with those stakeholders to limit the impact on customers as much as possible. Last year saw significant regulatory turnover in all three of our states, and we are working to build positive, constructive relationships with our new regulatory partners. Eversource remains an industry leader in providing energy efficiency programs that help customers reduce their usage, as well as customer assistance programs. We have also worked to make energy costs more transparent and easier to understand, including implementing a new design for Massachusetts gas bills. Eversource continues to lead by example in the areas of responsibility and sustainability, and to make progress toward meeting our region s carbon reduction targets. We maintained top ratings from top sustainability and governance evaluators and built on our company-wide commitment to employee engagement and collaboration with communities. We are proud to have received independent national recognition for excellence in a variety of areas as a repeat honoree, in many cases. These honors included Newsweek s list of Most Responsible Companies; the JUST Capital list of Most JUST Companies; USA Today and Statista s list of America s Climate Leaders; and Healthiest Employer s list of the 100 Healthiest Workplaces in America. We were also honored to receive several awards for hiring veterans, as well as honors from the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy. We continue to focus on moving forward as a pure-play electric and natural gas utility company with attractive opportunities for investment and a long record of strong service to customers. On behalf of your Board of Trustees, we thank you for your continued support of Eversource Energy. Very truly yours, Joseph R. Nolan, Jr. Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 27, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS [THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders DATE: Wednesday, May 6, 2026 TIME: 10:30 a.m., Eastern Time PLACE: Ropes Gray LLP, 800 Boylston Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02199 Business Items/Agenda 1. Elect the ten nominees named in the proxy statement as Trustees to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting. 2. Consider an advisory proposal approving the compensation of our Named Executive Officers. 3. Ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. 4. Consider a shareholder proposal titled Independent Board Chairman, if properly brought before the meeting. 5. Consider other matters that may properly come before the meeting. Adjournments and Postponements The business items to be considered at the Annual Meeting may be considered at the meeting or following any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. Record Date You or your proxy are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting or at any adjournment or postponement if you were an Eversource Energy shareholder at the close of business on March 11, 2026. Voting Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented at the meeting. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting beginning on page 86 . This Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and our proxy statement are first being made available to shareholders on or about March 27, 2026. Meeting Attendance Information You or your proxy are entitled to attend the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement if you were an Eversource Energy shareholder at the close of business on March 11, 2026 or hold a valid proxy to vote at the Annual Meeting. Please be prepared to present photo identification to be admitted to the meeting. If your shares are not registered in your name but are held in street name through a bank, broker or other nominee, and you plan to attend, please bring proof of ownership. By Order of the Board of Trustees, James W. Hunt, III Executive Vice President and Secretary March 27, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Statement Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 6, 2026. The Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 6, 2026 and the 2025 Annual Report are available on the Internet at www.envisionreports.com/ES TABLE OF CONTENTS [THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Summary 1 2025 Performance Highlights 1 Corporate Governance Highlights 3 Executive Compensation Governance Highlights 3 Voting Items and Board Recommendations 4 Item 1: Election of Trustees 7 Governance of Eversource Energy 13 Board s Leadership Structure 13 Selection of Trustees 13 Trustee Qualifications, Skills and Experience 14 Evaluation of Board and Board Refreshment 16 Board Committees and Responsibilities 17 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 20 Meetings of the Board and its Committees 20 Board s Oversight of Risk 20 Cyber and Physical Security Risk 22 Artificial Intelligence 23 Sustainability/ESG/Climate Risk 23 Shareholder Engagement 29 Political Activity 30 Trustee Independence 31 Related Person Transactions 32 The Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and the Code of Business Conduct 32 Communications from Shareholders and Other Interested Parties 32 Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 33 Common Share Ownership of Trustees and Management 34 Trustee Compensation 35 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 37 Responsiveness to Shareholder Feedback to 2025 Say-on-Pay Results 37 Summary of 2025 Financial and Operational Accomplishments 38 Pay for Performance Philosophy 40 Executive Compensation Governance 41 Named Executive Officers 42 Overview of our Compensation Program 42 Market Analysis 43 Target Percentage of Compensation Elements 44 Results of Our 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote 44 Elements of 2025 Compensation 45 Risk Analysis of Executive Compensation Program 46 2025 Annual Incentive Program 46 2025 Annual Incentive Program Performance Assessment 48 2026 Proxy Statement i TABLE OF CONTENTS Long-Term Incentive Program 54 Clawback Policies Beyond Dodd-Frank 58 No Hedging and No Pledging Policy 58 Share Ownership Guidelines and Retention Requirements 58 Other Benefits 59 Contractual Agreements 59 Tax and Accounting Considerations 60 Equity Grant Practices 60 Compensation Committee Report 60 Executive Compensation 61 Summary Compensation Table 61 Grants of Plan-Based Awards During 2025 63 Outstanding Equity Grants at December 31, 2025 64 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 65 Pension Benefits in 2025 65 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2025 67 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 67 Pay Ratio 70 Pay Versus Performance 70 Exhibit A 76 Item 2: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 77 Item 3: Ratification of the Selection of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 79 Relationship with Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 79 Report of the Audit Committee 80 Item 4: Shareholder Proposal Titled Independent Board Chairman 82 Other Matters 85 Shareholder Proposals 85 2025 Annual Report and Annual Report on Form 10-K 85 Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting 86 Forward-Looking Statements This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements that are intended to qualify for the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations and not facts. Words such as estimate, expect, pending, anticipate, intend, plan, project, believe, forecast, would, should, could, and other similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements reflect information available and assumptions at the time the statements are made and speak only as of that time. Actual results or developments might differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements because of various factors including, but not limited to, those discussed under Risk Factors, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 17, 2026, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this proxy statement and in our periodic filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. ii 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This is only a summary, and we encourage you to review the entire proxy statement, as well as our 2025 Annual Report. A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, our 2025 Annual Report, and a form of proxy or voting instruction card are first being made available to shareholders on or about March 27, 2026. Annual Meeting of Shareholders Time and Date: 10:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on Wednesday, May 6, 2026 Location: Ropes Gray LLP, 800 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02199 Record Date: March 11, 2026 2025 Performance Highlights We achieved several positive financial, operational and sustainability performance results in 2025. The following are brief summaries of some of our most important accomplishments. Please also refer to Summary of 2025 Financial and Operational Accomplishments found on page 38 of this proxy statement. Financial Our 2025 Total Shareholder Return (TSR) was up 22.7 percent for the year and ranked 8th in the Edison Electric Institute Index. 2025 earnings per share equaled $4.56 per share, and non-GAAP earnings equaled $4.76, exceeding the earnings per share goal by $0.05. Non-GAAP earnings excluded a charge related to our previous offshore wind investments. Please see Exhibit A to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Our Board of Trustees increased the annual dividend rate by 5.2 percent for 2025 to $3.01 per share, exceeding the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Index companies median dividend growth rate of 5.0 percent. Eversource completed the onshore substation construction of the Revolution Wind project ahead of schedule. We expect this milestone to contribute to the commencement of commercial operations for the wind farm and reduce the Company s financial exposure. The project successfully challenged the stop-work order issued by the U.S. Department of the Interior s Bureau of Ocean Energy Management in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, permitting construction to resume in October. The project also prevailed when a second stop-work order was issued. We have filed and/or received regulatory approval for nearly 98 percent of deferred storm costs, an effort that is expected to result in nearly $2.0 billion of deferred storm cost recovery, another major milestone in improving our balance sheet condition. Eversource achieved many constructive regulatory outcomes in 2025, including approval of two settlement agreements with the Massachusetts Attorney General s Office that resulted in a $10 million rate adjustment and Gas System Enhancement Program for NSTAR Gas Company customers and allowance for future recovery of $65 million, net of acquisition and integration costs for Eversource Gas Company of Massachusetts; approval of a Yankee Gas Services Company rate case by the Connecticut Public Utilities Regulatory Authority resulting in an approximately $100 million revenue increase, a 9.32 percent return on equity, and enabled timely recovery of critical safety and regulatory capital investment programs; and a settlement with the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission (NHPUC) for approximately $100 million in rates with annual inflationary performance-based regulation rate mechanism that provides for an annual rate adjustment through July of 2029 and return on equity of 9.50 percent. Operational On average, customer power interruptions in 2025 were 21.0 months apart, placing us in the top decile of our industry. Average service restoration time was 66 minutes; also ranking in the top decile among industry peers. Our on-time response to gas customer emergency calls was 98 percent, which continues to exceed mandated emergency response requirements. We achieved success in several operational and customer focused areas, including making significant progress on our multi-year Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI or smart meters) initiative, with more than 100,000 smart meters installed. We developed customer awareness and affordability campaigns promoting understanding of electric and gas bills and the impact of usage. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Summary ESG/Sustainability To support increased energy efficiency goals in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire, we executed the $900 million Energy Efficiency Plan with increased focus on equity and customer centric electrification. We successfully implemented a formal structure and framework to assess the viability of non-pipe alternatives to electrify customer heating needs. Eversource successfully completed the final year of the 2022-2025 Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities authorized grid modernization plan deploying over 3,000 monitoring and control devices in Massachusetts substations and distribution lines. We advanced utility-owned solar and electric vehicle infrastructure projects in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire. We are working toward mitigating climate change impacts through updated targets to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Our 2025 Trustee nominees include eight who have served on the Board for eight or fewer years. We were again recognized by a significant number of organizations for our leadership in ESG, energy efficiency, hiring of veterans, and workplace wellness. We continued our strong support of our communities through our corporate philanthropy and employee volunteer programs. Our 2025 charitable giving and community economic development support totaled approximately $54.1 million. 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Summary Corporate Governance Highlights We maintain effective corporate governance standards: All Trustees are elected annually by a majority vote of the common shares issued and outstanding. All of the nominees are independent other than the Chief Executive Officer. We have a Lead Independent Trustee and hold at least three independent Trustee meetings every year. We adopted a proxy access provision in 2017. Each of our Trustees attended at least 75 percent of the aggregate number of Board and Committee meetings during 2025. Trustees must retire at the Annual Meeting following their 75th birthday. We hold shareholder engagement meetings throughout the year among management and our shareholders at which we discuss executive compensation governance, our financial performance, ESG, climate change and sustainability, and overall corporate governance. We conduct annual Board and Committee self-assessments and other Board refreshment actions. Our shareholders have the right to call a special meeting upon the request of the holders of 10 percent of the Company s outstanding shares. We practice confidential proxy voting for shareholder meetings. Executive Compensation Governance Highlights What we DO: Focus on Pay for Performance. Maintain share ownership and holding guidelines. Utilize balanced incentive metrics including both absolute and relative measures. Deliver the majority of incentive compensation opportunity in long-term equity. Maintain double-trigger change in control vesting provisions. Maintain a broad financial and personal misconduct clawback policy relating to incentive compensation. Tie 75 percent of long-term incentive compensation to performance and grant 100 percent of long-term incentive compensation in equity. Following shareholder feedback, base the large majority of our annual incentive compensation on formulaic goals with threshold, target and maximum performance levels and, going forward cap performance share payouts at 100 percent of target if absolute TSR is negative over the three-year performance period. Engage an independent compensation consultant. Hold an annual Say-on-Pay vote. Impose payout limitations on incentive awards. Maintain limited trading windows for Trustees and executives. What we DON T do : X Include tax gross-ups in any new or materially amended executive compensation agreements. X Allow hedging, pledging or similar transactions by Trustees and executives. X Provide for liberal share recycling within long-term compensation grants. X Pay dividends on equity awards before vesting. X Allow for discounts or repricing of options or stock appreciation rights. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Summary Voting Items and Board Recommendations 2026 Business Items The Board of Trustees of Eversource Energy is asking you to vote on four items: Item 1 Election of Trustees The Board has nominated ten Trustees for re-election to our Board of Trustees. Warren Robert Mudge was elected to the Board by the Trustees effective January 1, 2026. Each of the other nominees was elected to the Board by at least 90.14 percent of the shares voted at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The following table provides summary information about each nominee: Board Committees Trustee Age Trustee Since Independent Audit Compensation Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Executive Finance and Risk Management Committee Cotton M. Cleveland 73 1992 Y M M Linda Dorcena Forry 52 2018 Y M M Gregory M. Jones 68 2020 Y M M Loretta D. Keane 67 2023 Y C M M John Y. Kim 65 2018 Y M M C David H. Long 65 2019 Y M C M Warren Robert Mudge 65 2026 Y M M Joseph R. Nolan, Jr. 62 2021 N C Daniel J. Nova 64 2023 Y C M M Frederica M. Williams 67 2012 Y M M C: Committee Chair M: Committee member Board Composition Of our ten nominees, nine are independent and eight have served on the Board for eight or fewer years. Please see the sections in Item 1 Election of Trustees, under the captions Election of Trustees, Selection of Trustees, Trustee Qualifications, Skills and Experience, and Evaluation of Board and Board Refreshment beginning on page 7 . Item 2 Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers Following the lower level of support for our 2025 advisory vote on executive compensation, the Compensation Committee undertook a comprehensive shareholder engagement program to better understand investor perspectives and expectations. The Company engaged with institutional shareholders representing a substantial portion of outstanding shares through meetings and outreach conducted during the year. Shareholders provided thoughtful feedback on pay-for-performance alignment, the level of discretion applied to incentive outcomes, and the importance of clearly articulated, formula-driven performance metrics. Investors also emphasized expectations consistent with proxy advisory firm guidance, including Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), particularly with respect to responsiveness, transparency, and the use of objective performance ranges in annual incentive design. In response to this feedback, the Compensation Committee designated 2025 as a transitional year as the Company implemented enhanced formulaic annual incentive performance ranges with defined threshold, target, and maximum outcomes. The Committee also committed to further limiting discretion and enhancing rigor beginning in 2026 and approved a provision to cap performance share payouts at 100 percent of target if 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Summary cumulative absolute total shareholder return is negative over the three-year performance period beginning 2026. The Committee believes these actions demonstrate meaningful responsiveness to shareholder and ISS feedback and reinforce the Company s commitment to a transparent, performance-based executive compensation program aligned with long-term shareholder interests. We are asking shareholders to approve the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). As noted in the Summary of 2025 Financial and Operational Accomplishments and elsewhere in this proxy statement, except for the effects of the loss from our previous offshore wind investments, we achieved excellent performance results in 2025. Our Board is committed to executive compensation programs that are market-based and align the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders. We believe the compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers in 2025 appropriately reflects that pay for performance alignment. Please see pages 77 78. Item 3 Ratify the Selection of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 Our Audit Committee has selected Deloitte Touche LLP to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. The Board is seeking shareholder ratification of this selection. Please see pages 79 81. The Board of Trustees recommends that shareholders vote FOR Items 1, 2 and 3. Item 4 Shareholder Proposal Titled Independent Board Chairman The Company has received a shareholder proposal from John Chevedden, 2215 Nelson Avenue, No. 205, Redondo Beach, California 90278, which asks that the Eversource Energy Board of Trustees adopt an enduring policy requiring that two separate people hold the office of the Chairman of the Board and the office of the CEO and that whenever possible, the Chairman of the Board be an independent Trustee. Please see pages 82 84 . The Board of Trustees recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST Item 4. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Annual Meeting of Shareholders May 6, 2026 Introduction We are furnishing this proxy statement in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Trustees of Eversource Energy for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting). We are holding the Annual Meeting on Wednesday, May 6, 2026, at 10:30 a.m., Eastern Time, at the offices of Ropes Gray LLP, 800 Boylston Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02199. We have provided our shareholders with a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or a printed copy of materials, with instructions on how to access them online and how to vote. We will continue to provide printed materials to those shareholders who have requested them. If you are a record holder and would like to change the method of delivery of your proxy materials, please contact our transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services, P. O. Box 43078, Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3078; toll free: 800-999-7269; or login to your online account at www.computershare.com/investor to update your delivery preferences. You may do the same as a beneficial owner by contacting the bank, broker, or other nominee where your shares are held. We are making this proxy statement available to solicit your proxy to vote on the matters presented at the Annual Meeting. Our Board requests that you submit your proxy by the Internet, telephone or at the Annual Meeting so that your shares will be represented and voted at our Annual Meeting. The proxies will vote your common shares as you direct. For each item, you may vote FOR or AGAINST a nominee or item or you may abstain from voting on the item. If you submit a signed proxy card without any instructions, the proxies will vote your common shares consistent with the recommendations of our Board of Trustees as stated in this proxy statement. If any other matters are properly presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting, the proxies will have discretion to vote your common shares on those matters. As of the date of this proxy statement, we did not know of any other matters to be presented at the Annual Meeting. Only holders of common shares of record at the close of business on March 11, 2026 (the record date) are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. On the record date, there were 26,286 holders of record and 375,845,345 common shares outstanding and entitled to vote. You are entitled to one vote on each matter to be voted on at the Annual Meeting for each common share that you held on the record date. The principal office of Eversource Energy is located at 300 Cadwell Drive, Springfield, Massachusetts 01104. The general offices of Eversource Energy are located at 800 Boylston Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02199 and 56 Prospect Street, Hartford, Connecticut 06103-2818. 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Trustees Our Board of Trustees oversees the business affairs and management of Eversource Energy. The Board currently consists of ten Trustees, one of whom, Joseph R. Nolan, Jr., our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, is a member of management. The Board has nominated each of the incumbent ten Trustees for re-election at the Annual Meeting to hold office until the next Annual Meeting or otherwise until the succeeding Board of Trustees has been elected and at least a majority of the succeeding Board is qualified to act. The number of Trustees was last set at 14; this provides the Board with flexibility to add Trustees when appropriate. Shareholders may vote for up to ten nominees. Unless you specify otherwise in your vote, we will vote the enclosed proxy to elect the ten nominees named on pages 8 12 as Trustees. We describe below and on the following pages each nominee s name, age, and date first elected as a Trustee, Committees served on, and a brief summary of the nominee s business experience, including the nominee s particular qualifications, skills and experience that led the Board to conclude that the nominee should continue to serve as a Trustee. Please see the Trustees biographies and the sections captioned Selection of Trustees, Trustee Qualifications, Skills and Experience and Evaluation of Board and Board Refreshment beginning on page 8 . Each nominee has indicated to our Lead Independent Trustee that they will stand for election and will serve as a Trustee if elected. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the common shares outstanding as of the record date will be required to elect each nominee. This means that each nominee must receive the affirmative vote of the holders of more than 50 percent of the total common shares outstanding. You may either vote FOR or AGAINST all, some, or none of the Trustees, or you may abstain from voting. Broker non-votes and abstentions will be counted in the determination of a quorum and will have the same effect as a vote against a nominee. The Board of Trustees recommends that shareholders vote FOR the election of the nominees listed. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Trustees Cotton M. Cleveland Age: 73 Trustee since 1992 Committees: Finance and Risk Management, and Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility BACKGROUND Ms. Cleveland has served as President of Mather Associates, a firm specializing in leadership and organizational development for business, public and nonprofit organizations since 2012. She is former director of Ledyard National Bank and Main Street America Holdings, Inc., and was the founding Executive Director of the state-wide Leadership New Hampshire program. She has served on the Board of Directors of the Bank of Ireland and as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the New Hampshire Women s Foundation. Ms. Cleveland has also served as Chair, Vice Chair and a member of the Board of Trustees of the University System of New Hampshire, as Co-Chair of the Governor s Commission on New Hampshire in the 21st Century, and as an incorporator for the New Hampshire Charitable Foundation. Ms. Cleveland received a B.S. degree magna cum laude from the University of New Hampshire, Whittemore School of Business and Economics. For fourteen years she was a certified and practicing Court Appointed Special Advocate/Guardian ad Litem (CASA/GAL) volunteer for abused and neglected children. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Cleveland founded and serves as President of her own consulting firm. She has experience serving on the boards of directors of numerous companies. She also benefits from her policymaking level experience in education at the university level as the Chair, Vice Chair and member of the Board of Trustees of the University System of New Hampshire. In addition, she has policymaking level experience in financial and capital markets as a result of her service as a director of Ledyard National Bank and Bank of Ireland. Her ties to the State of New Hampshire also provide the Board with valuable perspective. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Ms. Cleveland should continue to serve as a Trustee. Linda Dorcena Forry Age: 52 Trustee since 2018 Committees: Audit and Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility BACKGROUND Ms. Forry is the Principal of LDF Holdings, LLC and co-publisher of Reporter Newspapers, an award-winning community journalism company with various online platforms such as the Dorchester Reporter, the Boston Irish Magazine (previously Boston Irish Reporter) and Boston Haitian Reporter. She served as Vice President of Diversity, Inclusion and Community Relations at Suffolk Construction from 2018 2022. Ms. Forry served in the Massachusetts Senate from 2013 to 2018, where she was appointed Assistant Majority Whip in 2017 and served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2005 to 2013. She also served on the Executive Staff of the Department of Neighborhood Development for the City of Boston. Ms. Forry serves on numerous boards and civic organizations, including the Edward M. Kennedy Institute, John F. Kennedy Library Advisory Board, Boys and Girls Club of Dorchester, Make-A-Wish Foundation Massachusetts and Rhode Island, BIDMC Trustee Advisory Board, Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston at Harvard Kennedy School of Government, and National Haitian American Elected Officials Network (NHAEON). Ms. Forry received her B.A. degree from Boston College Carroll School of Management in 1998 and her M.P.A. from Harvard University s Kennedy School of Government in 2014. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Forry s significant policymaking level experience from her tenure in state and local government in Massachusetts provides the Board with valuable insight and perspective. She also has experience serving on the boards of directors of several non-profit boards. Her experience and expertise as former Vice President of Diversity, Inclusion and Community Relations at Suffolk Construction provide the Board and the Company with insight into how Eversource can continue its important work in fostering an engaged and collaborative workforce and maintaining a close relationship with our customer communities. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Ms. Forry should continue to serve as a Trustee. 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Trustees Gregory M. Jones Age: 68 Trustee since 2020 Committees: Audit and Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility BACKGROUND Mr. Jones has served as the Vice President, Community Health and Engagement for Hartford Healthcare since 2017. In April of 2012 he established The Legacy Foundation of Hartford, Inc. and continues to serve as its Chairman. He was the Founder and served as Principal of the Corporate Development Group from 2008 to 2012. In 2011, Mr. Jones joined Tyco Fire Security as director of North American mergers and acquisitions until 2012. Mr. Jones also serves on several charitable non-profit boards, including the Greater Hartford Community Foundation, Inc. and the Southside Institutions Neighborhood Alliance, and served on the Hartford Hospital Board of Directors from 2012 2017. Mr. Jones received his B.S. degree in accounting from Morgan State University, his M.P.M. from Carnegie Mellon University and his M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Jones has considerable experience in business and management, including experience in financial markets and mergers and acquisitions. In his current position as Vice President, Community Health and Engagement for Hartford Healthcare, Mr. Jones provides his company with the tools to build a bridge between healthcare providers and community members. He also has experience serving on the boards of directors of non-profit boards. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Mr. Jones should continue to serve as a Trustee. Loretta D. Keane Age: 67 Trustee since 2023 Committees: Audit, Executive, and Finance and Risk Management BACKGROUND For over 20 years until her retirement in 2025, Ms. Keane served as Chief Financial Officer at privately equity backed, data platform and software companies serving the healthcare industry. She served as Chief Financial Officer of Arcadia Solutions, LLC, from 2018 until 2025 (sold to Nordic Capital). Arcadia is a health data platform, enriched with predictive insights, AI powered analytics capabilities, and actionable intelligence. From 2003 2017 she served as Chief Financial Officer of several private equity backed entities including DRG (Decision Resources Group) a Boston, MA headquartered provider of high-value data, analytics to the world s leading pharma, biotech and medical technology companies (now part of Clarivate (NYSE: CLVT)), Healthrageous, a Boston, Massachusetts machine learning healthcare software company (sold to Humana), and Clarity Software Solutions, a healthcare technology engagement platform based in Madison, Connecticut. She also served on the audit team at PWC (Boston and London). Ms. Keane also is a member of the Financial Executives International (FEI) in Boston, a member of the CFO Leadership Council and a member of the National Association for Corporate Directors. Ms. Keane is a certified public accountant (MA) and holds a B.S.B.A. degree in accounting from Suffolk University and a M.S. degree from Bentley University. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Keane has more than 20 years of Chief Financial Officer leadership experience at high growth software and technology companies, serving customers in U.S. regulated industries. She has worked with executive management teams within the Eversource service territory, with focus on strategy and shareholder growth. She is a Certified Public Accountant. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Ms. Keane should continue to serve as a Trustee. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Trustees John Y. Kim Age: 65 Trustee since 2018 Committees: Compensation, Executive, and Finance and Risk Management BACKGROUND Mr. Kim has served as the founder and Managing Partner of Brewer Lane Ventures, LLC a technology-focused venture firm since 2019. Mr. Kim served as President of New York Life Insurance Company from 2015 until his retirement in 2018 and also served in a variety of other management positions at New York Life, including as the company s Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Kim serves on the Board of Directors of Franklin Resources, Inc., a publicly held company and serves on the board of seven privately held technology startup companies: Avibra, Inc., Ease Capital, EvolutionIQ, Exos Financial, Kingfield Corp., Ladder Financial Inc., and Socotra, Inc. He has served as the vice chair of the Connecticut Business and Industry Association, as a member of the MetroHartford Alliance, Inc., and as chairman of the University of Connecticut Foundation. He has also been active with the Greater Hartford Arts Council, The Hartford Stage Company, and the Connecticut Opera Association. Mr. Kim received his B.A. degree from the University of Michigan in 1983 and his M.B.A. degree from the University of Connecticut in 1987. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Kim has more than 30 years of experience in the financial services area. His varied and comprehensive accounting, financial, technology, risk and financial reporting experience acquired at several nationally known insurance companies, including New York Life Insurance Company, Prudential Retirement, CIGNA Retirement and Investment Services and Aetna, provides the Board and its Committees with valuable insight and perspective. He also has been closely associated with several important Connecticut business and non-profit groups and is an experienced public company director. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Mr. Kim should continue to serve as a Trustee. David H. Long Age: 65 Trustee since 2019 Committees: Compensation, Executive, and Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility BACKGROUND Mr. Long served as the Chairman of Liberty Mutual Holding Company, Inc. until his retirement in 2025. He was elected President and a Director of Liberty Mutual Holding Company, Inc. in 2010, became Chief Executive Officer in 2011 and was elected Chairman in 2013. He serves on numerous boards of directors and civic organizations, including Mass Mutual, Hartwick College, Massachusetts General Hospital, Massachusetts General Hospital s President s Council, Ford s Theatre, Massachusetts Competitive Partnership, Board of Governors for the Boston College, Chief Executives Club of Boston, MIT President s CEO Advisory Board, Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, Jobs for Massachusetts, Inc., Tamarack Technologies and as Chairman of Massachusetts General Hospital s annual fundraiser, Aspire, which provides social services and development opportunities for children and young adults on the Autism spectrum. He also serves as a director and officer of The Common Room, a non-profit organization. Mr. Long received his B.A. degree from Hartwick College in 1983 and his M.S. in finance from Boston College in 1989, and was awarded an honorary Doctorate degree from Hartwick College in 2014, an honorary Doctorate of Commercial Science degree from Bentley University in 2017 and an honorary Doctor of Business and Commerce degree from Merrimack College in 2018. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Long has over 35 years of experience in the financial services area. His comprehensive accounting, financial and financial reporting experience acquired in a regulated industry at Liberty Mutual Holding Company, Inc. provides the Board and its Committees with valuable insight and perspective. Mr. Long also acquired important management and leadership skills that provide additional value and support to the Board. He has served on numerous boards of for-profit and non-profit companies and their committees. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Mr. Long should continue to serve as a Trustee. 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Trustees Warren Robert Mudge Age: 65 Trustee since 2026 Committees: Audit, and Finance and Risk Management BACKGROUND Mr. Mudge has served as a director of Unitek Global Services, a privately held engineering, construction and customer operations telecom services company, since 2018. From 2021 to 2023, Mr. Mudge served as Chief Executive Officer of Connect Holding LLC, doing business as Brightspeed Communications, a privately-held telecom and Internet service provider with operations in 20 states. From 2020 to 2021, he served as a director of Windstream Holding, Inc., a provider of voice and data network communications to businesses in the U.S. Mr. Mudge spent the bulk of his professional career (1983 to 2017) with Verizon Communications, Inc., serving in positions of increasing responsibility and culminating with seven years as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President. In this role, he directed the transformation of traditional telco operations into a fiber-based platform serving more than 20 million homes and businesses and retrained Verizon s workforce to meet new demands and requirements. Mr. Mudge holds a B.S. degree in management from North Adams State College, a M.B.A. degree from Suffolk University and a professional certificate in telecommunications technology from Northeastern University. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Mudge has over 40 years of experience in the operational area. His comprehensive operational experience acquired in a regulated industry at Verizon Communications, Inc. provides the Board and its Committees with valuable insight and perspective. Mr. Mudge also acquired important management and leadership skills that provide additional value and support to the Board. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Mr. Mudge should continue to serve as a Trustee. Joseph R. Nolan, Jr. Age: 62 Chairman since 2022 Trustee since 2021 Committee: Executive BACKGROUND Mr. Nolan is Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Eversource Energy and is Chairman and a director of Eversource s principal subsidiaries, except The Connecticut Light and Power Company. Mr. Nolan was elected President and Chief Executive Officer in 2021 and elected Chairman in 2022. Previously, Mr. Nolan served as Executive Vice President-Strategy, Customer and Corporate Relations of Eversource Energy since February 5, 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Nolan served as Executive Vice President-Customer and Corporate Relations of Eversource Energy from August 8, 2016 to February 5, 2020. Mr. Nolan also serves on the Boards of Directors of the NB Bancorp. Inc., Needham Bank; President s Council, MGH Institute of Health Professionals; New England Council, Chairman s Council; Boston Children s Hospital; Intercontinental Real Estate Corporation, Long Island, New York Association; and Camp Harbor View Foundation. He received both his B.A. degree in communications and M.B.A. degree from Boston College. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Nolan is Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. His extensive experience in the energy industry and diverse communications and management skills provide the necessary background to lead the Company. He also serves our customer community through his service on and work with many non-profit boards. Since becoming Chief Executive Officer, he has continued the Company s financial and operational success and continued to position Eversource as a national clean energy leader. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Mr. Nolan should continue to serve as a Trustee. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Trustees Daniel J. Nova Age: 64 Lead Independent Trustee since 2024; and Trustee since 2023 Committees: Compensation, Executive, and Finance and Risk Management BACKGROUND Mr. Nova has been a General Partner at Highland Capital Partners LLP, a global venture capital firm with offices in Boston, Silicon Valley and San Francisco, since 1996. From October 2020 to December 2022, Mr. Nova served as a director of Highland Transcend Partners I Corp., a publicly-traded company. Mr. Nova currently serves as a director and member of the Compensation Committee of ThredUp Inc., a publicly-traded online resale platform. He was elected to the Board of Harley Davidson, Inc. on September 15, 2025. He also serves on the boards of directors of several privately held companies, including Catalant Technologies, Inc., Kyruus, Inc., and RapidSOS, Inc. He serves on the Board of Directors of the American Repertory Theater. Mr. Nova holds a B.S. degree in Computer Science and Marketing from Boston College and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Nova has more than 25 years of leadership, financial, and information technology and cyber security experience derived from his serving as a General Partner and as a director. He also provides in-depth experience to the Board from his service as a director of several public companies, including service on board committees, and has also served on area non-profit boards, all of which continue to provide the Board with valuable knowledge and insight. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Mr. Nova should continue to serve as a Trustee. Frederica M. Williams Age: 67 Trustee since 2012 Committees: Audit and Compensation BACKGROUND Ms. Williams has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Whittier Street Health Center in Boston, an urban community health care facility serving residents of Boston and surrounding communities, since 2002. Prior to joining Whittier Street Health Center, she served as the Senior Vice President of Administration and Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Dimock Center, a large health care and human services facility in Boston. Ms. Williams is a member of the Board of Trustees of Dana Farber Cancer Institute, the Massachusetts League of Community Health Centers and Boston Health Net. She is a Fellow of the National Association of Corporate Directors, a member of the Massachusetts Women s Forum, International Women s Forum, and Women Business Leaders of the U.S. Health Care Industry Foundation. Ms. Williams attended the London School of Accountancy, passed the examinations of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Financial Administrators (United Kingdom) (ICSA) and of the Institute of Administrative Management (United Kingdom) with distinction, and was elected a Fellow of the ICSA in 2000. She obtained a graduate certificate in Administration and Management from the Harvard University Extension School and an M.B.A. degree with a concentration in Finance from Anna Maria College. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Williams has more than 25 years of experience in a regulated industry, and has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Whittier Street Health Center, a national model for providing broader access to high quality and cost-effective health care, for more than twenty years. This service has provided her with a broad base of financial, leadership, management and community experience and skills. She also has significant experience serving on several non-profit boards. Based on these qualifications, skills and experience, the Board of Trustees determined that Ms. Williams should continue to serve as a Trustee. 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Board s Leadership Structure Joseph R. Nolan, Jr. is our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. Daniel J. Nova serves as our Lead Independent Trustee. As Lead Independent Trustee, Mr. Nova presides at executive sessions of the independent Trustees; approves meeting agendas, in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and the Corporate Secretary, facilitates communication between the Chief Executive Officer and the Trustees; chairs board meetings in the absence of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, participates with the Compensation Committee, which he chairs, in its evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer; provides ongoing information to the Chief Executive Officer about his performance and is available for consultation with major shareholders and institutional investors on governance related matters, as appropriate. Selection of Trustees This section and the next two sections discuss how we select individuals to become Trustees and how we continually ensure that we have a fully-qualified and effective Board with a diversity of viewpoints and experience. As set forth in its charter, it is the responsibility of the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee to identify individuals qualified to become Trustee and to recommend to the Board a slate of Trustee nominees to be submitted to a vote of our shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Committee has from time to time retained the services of a third party executive search firm to assist it in identifying and evaluating such individuals. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee seeks nominees with the following qualifications: Trustees should possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values, and be committed to representing the long-term interests of our shareholders. They must also have an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom and mature judgment. The Board should represent diverse experience at policymaking levels in business, government, education, community and charitable organizations, as well as areas that are relevant to our business activities. The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee also seeks diversity in personal background when considering Trustee candidates. Applying these criteria and those noted elsewhere in this proxy statement, the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee also considers Trustee candidates suggested by its members as well as by management and shareholders. As part of the annual nomination process, the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee reviews the independence, qualifications, skills and experience of each nominee for Trustee and reports its findings to the Board. At meetings held on January 27, 2026, the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee and the Board of Trustees determined that each Trustee (except our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer) is independent, that each Trustee possesses the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values, and that each Trustee remains committed to representing the long-term interests of our shareholders. The Committee s review also focused on each Trustee s experience at policymaking levels in business, government, education, community and charitable organizations, and other areas relevant to our business activities, as described below. Based on this review, the Committee advised the Board on January 27, 2026, that each of the Trustees was qualified to serve on the Board under the Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee and the Board annually review the skills and qualifications that they determine are necessary for the proper oversight of the Company by the Trustees in furtherance of their fiduciary duties. The Committee and the Board remain focused on ensuring that the individual and collective abilities of the Trustees continue to meet the changing needs of the Company and its constituencies. The Board is committed to nominating individuals who satisfy the applicable criteria for outstanding service to our Company and who together comprise the appropriate and diverse Board composition in light of evolving business demands. The Board evaluates the effectiveness of each Trustee in contributing to the Board s work and the potential contributions of each new nominee. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Trustee Qualifications, Skills and Experience Eversource Energy is a holding company with electric, gas and water utility subsidiaries that provide service to customers in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire. The Company is a leader in enabling the development of clean energy. Combined with our successful and effective energy efficiency programs, the Company is positioned to support the fight against climate change. We stress the importance of great reliability and service for our customers, solid financial performance for our shareholders, a safe, respectful workplace for our employees that provides good wages and benefits, and continuous engagement with and support of our communities. In 2025, Eversource replaced its carbon neutrality goal with an expanded set of GHG reduction targets aiming to achieve a 45 percent reduction in Scopes 1 and 2 emissions by 2035 and to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 for Scopes 1 and 2 as well as Scope 3 emissions associated with customer energy use. To help us achieve these goals, we seek Trustees with relevant skills and experience which are described here and elsewhere in this proxy statement. Set forth below is a list of the qualifications, skills and experience we seek, followed by a description noting how these qualifications, skills and experience are particularly important to our Board: Accounting and Financial Experience . As a publicly traded electric, gas and water utility holding company whose companies are subject to substantial federal, state and accounting industry rules, it is especially important that the Board members have significant accounting experience. Accurate and complete financial reporting, financing, auditing and internal controls are critical to our success. We expect all of our Trustees to be literate in financial statements and financial reporting processes. Several of our Trustees are career accounting and financial executives who provide us with superior strength in the Board s oversight of this important element of the Board s responsibilities. Community and Charitable Organization Experience. Public utility companies have a unique position and role in the communities they serve beyond that of most companies. The Board supports and encourages community involvement and development and philanthropic goals and activities. The Eversource Energy Foundation, Inc. was established in 1998 to focus on our community investments and to provide grants to our non-profit community partners. Consistent with our business strategy and core values, the Foundation invests primarily in projects that address issues of economic and community development and the environment. Each Trustee has experience in one or more community or charitable organizations. We operate New England s largest energy delivery system in three different states. Because a majority of our Trustees also reside in our service territory, they not only have ties to local communities, but they also understand our customers needs. Environmental, Social and Governance, and Sustainability Experience. We prioritize the importance of strong environmental, social and governance practices, implementing measures to reduce the GHG emissions of both the Company and our region. We focus on the wellbeing of our customers and communities, through excellent customer service and continuing corporate philanthropy programs. We are committed to the health, safety and advancement of our employees, through our many pay, benefit and overall human capital management programs and through our sound, highly-rated governance practices. Experience in corporate responsibility and sustainability is important, as it assists the Board in its oversight of our ESG and sustainability practices so that Eversource is able to continue its commitment to protection of the environment, to the communities where our customers live and work, to our employees, and to society overall. Our Trustees have experience in all facets of corporate responsibility and sustainability, understand this critical part of our business, and are able to help us in maintaining our position as an ESG and sustainability leader. Management, Senior Executive and Director Experience. Many of our Trustees serve or have served as senior executives or directors of other companies, providing us with unique insights. These individuals possess extraordinary leadership qualities as well as the ability to identify and develop those qualities in others. They demonstrate a practical understanding of organizations, processes, long-term strategic planning, risk management and corporate governance, and know how to drive change and growth. Regulatory Experience. Each of our utility subsidiaries is regulated in virtually all aspects of its business by various federal and state agencies, including the SEC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and various state and/or local regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over the industry and the service areas in which we operate. Accordingly, the Board values the policymaking experience in a heavily regulated industry that several of our Trustees possess. Risk Management Experience. Assessing and managing risk in a rapidly changing energy environment is critical to our success. Several of our Trustees have served in leadership positions and have the experience to understand and evaluate the most significant risks we face and the experience and leadership to provide effective oversight of risk management processes, including Information Technology, Cyber and Physical Security. 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Evaluation of Board and Board Refreshment The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee annually reviews and evaluates the performance of the Board of Trustees, Board Committees and individual Board members. The Committee periodically assesses the Board s contribution as a whole and identifies areas in which the Board or senior management believes a better contribution can be made. The Committee also reviews the attributes and skills of the Board members as a way to refresh and continually ensure that the Board has the proper mix of skills. The Board and each of the Committees, other than the Executive Committee, also conduct annual performance self-evaluations to increase the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees; the results of these are reviewed and discussed with the Board. Our self-evaluation program includes the completion of Board and Committee questionnaires, interviews by the Lead Independent Trustee with each Board member, interviews by each Committee Chair with each Committee member, and discussions by the Board and each Committee of the Board and Committee effectiveness and any issues raised by our Board members during the self-evaluation process. In addition to the Committee reviews and the annual self-evaluations conducted by the Committee and the Board, the Committee and the Board also annually review the independence, performance and qualifications of each Trustee prior to nominations being made for an additional term. These reviews are discussed by the Committee, following which it makes recommendations to the Board regarding nominees for election as Trustees. Shareholders who desire to suggest potential candidates for election to the Board of Trustees may address such information, in writing, to our Secretary at the mailing address set forth on page 85 of this proxy statement. The communication must identify the writer as a shareholder of the Company and provide sufficient detail about the nominee for the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee to consider the individual s qualifications. Our Declaration of Trust also includes provisions for proxy access. 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Board Committees and Responsibilities The Board of Trustees has five standing committees, described below. The Board has adopted charters for each of these committees. These charters can be found at https://investors.eversource.com/corporate-governance/ documents-charters. Audit Committee Members: Loretta D. Keane, Chair Linda Dorcena Forry Gregory M. Jones Warren Robert Mudge Frederica M. Williams The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of the Company s financial statements, the internal audit function, and compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements. The Committee also oversees: The appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm. The independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, performance and independence, as well as the performance of our internal audit function. The review of guidelines and policies that govern management s processes in assessing, monitoring and mitigating major financial risk exposures. Financial reporting and review of accounting standards and systems of internal control. Significant accounting policies, management judgments and accounting estimates, and earnings releases. All matters that may have a material impact on the financial statements or the Company s compliance policies and practices. The Audit Committee has sole authority to appoint or replace the independent registered public accounting firm (for which it seeks shareholder ratification), and to approve all audit engagement fees and terms. The Committee meets independently with the internal audit staff, the independent registered public accounting firm, management, and then solely as a Committee, at least quarterly. Following each Committee meeting, the Audit Committee reports to the full Board. The Audit Committee met six times during 2025, including the annual joint meeting with the Finance and Risk Management Committee. Additional information regarding the Audit Committee is contained in Item 3 of this proxy statement beginning on page 79 . Financial Expertise : Each member of the Audit Committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board has affirmatively determined that Ms. Keane is an audit committee financial expert, as defined by the SEC. Independence : The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the independence requirements of the SEC, the NYSE and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Compensation Committee Members: Daniel J. Nova, Chair John Y. Kim David H. Long Frederica M. Williams The Compensation Committee is responsible for the compensation and benefit programs for all executive officers of Eversource Energy and has overall authority to establish and interpret our executive compensation programs. The Compensation Committee also: Reviews our executive compensation strategy, evaluates components of total compensation, assesses performance against goals, market competitive data and other appropriate factors, and makes compensation-related decisions based upon Company and executive performance. Reviews and recommends to the Board of Trustees the compensation of the non-employee members of the Board. Reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the Chief Executive Officer s compensation and subject to the further review and approval of the independent Trustees, evaluates the performance of the Chief Executive Officer in light of those goals and objectives. In collaboration with the Chief Executive Officer, oversees the evaluation of executive officers and engages in the succession planning process for the Chief Executive Officer and other executives. Has the sole authority to select and retain experts and consultants in the field of executive compensation to provide advice to the Committee with respect to market data, competitive information, and executive compensation trends; retains an independent compensation consulting firm to provide compensation consulting services solely to the Compensation Committee. Following each Committee meeting, the Compensation Committee reports to the full Board. The Compensation Committee met five times during 2025. For additional information regarding the Compensation Committee, including the Committee s processes for determining executive compensation, see the Compensation, Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 37 . Independence : The Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the independence requirements of the SEC, the NYSE and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Executive Committee Members: Joseph R. Nolan, Jr., Chair Loretta D. Keane John Y. Kim David H. Long Daniel J. Nova The Executive Committee is empowered to exercise all the authority of the Board, subject to certain limitations set forth in our Declaration of Trust, during the intervals between meetings of the Board. Following each Committee meeting, the Executive Committee reports to the full Board. The Executive Committee did not meet in 2025. Independence : Except for Mr. Nolan, who is the Company s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, each member of the Executive Committee is independent. 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Finance and Risk Management Committee Members: John Y. Kim, Chair Cotton M. Cleveland Loretta D. Keane Warren Robert Mudge Daniel J. Nova The Finance and Risk Management Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to financial plans, policies and programs for Eversource Energy and its subsidiaries. The Finance and Risk Management Committee also: Reviews the Company s plans and actions to assure liquidity; its financial goals and proposed financing programs modifying the Company s capital structure; its financing programs, including but not limited to the issuance and repurchase of common and preferred shares, long-term and short-term debt securities and the issuance of guarantees; and its operating plans, budgets and capital expenditure forecasts. Reviews the Company s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program and in conjunction with other Committees of the Board, practices to monitor and mitigate cyber, physical security, artificial intelligence and other risk exposures. Reviews and recommends the Company s dividend policy, as well as new business ventures and initiatives which may result in substantial expenditures, commitments and exposures. Conducts an annual review of counter-party credit policy, insurance coverages and pension plan performance. Following each Committee meeting, the Finance and Risk Management Committee reports to the full Board. The Finance and Risk Management Committee met five times during 2025, including the annual joint meeting with the Audit Committee. Independence : While the Committee is not subject to the same independence requirements of the Audit, Compensation and Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committees, the Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Finance and Risk Management Committee is independent. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee Members: David H. Long, Chair Cotton M. Cleveland Linda Dorcena Forry Gregory M. Jones The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee is responsible for developing, overseeing and regularly reviewing our Corporate Governance Guidelines and related policies. The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee also: Serves as a nominating committee, establishing criteria for new Trustees and identifying and recommending prospective Board candidates and the appointment of Trustees to Board Committees. Annually reviews the independence and qualifications of the Trustees and recommends to the Board appointments of the Committee members, the Lead Independent Trustee, and the Executive Chairman of the Board and the election of officers of the Company. Annually evaluates the performance of the Board and its Committees. Annually reviews the charters of the Board Committees. Oversees the Company s climate, environmental, human capital management and social responsibility strategy, programs, policies, risks, targets and performance, as well as related public reporting, in coordination with other Committees or the Board as necessary or appropriate. Following each Committee meeting, the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee reports to the full Board. The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee met four times in 2025. Independence : The Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee meets the independence requirements of the SEC, the NYSE and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation Committee is employed by Eversource Energy or any of its subsidiaries. No executive officer of Eversource Energy serves as a member of the compensation committee or on the board of directors of any company at which a member of the Eversource Energy Compensation Committee or Board of Trustees serves as an executive officer. Meetings of the Board and its Committees In 2025, the Board of Trustees held seven meetings, four of which included executive sessions attended only by the independent Trustees, and the Board and the Committees held a total of 27 meetings. Each Trustee attended at least 75 percent of the aggregate number of the 2025 Board and Committee meetings and all Trustees attended the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 1, 2025. Our Trustees are expected to attend our Annual Meetings of Shareholders, but we do not have a formal policy addressing this subject. Board s Oversight of Risk The Board of Trustees, both as a whole and through its Committees, is responsible for the oversight of the Company s risk management processes and programs. The Board believes that this approach is appropriate to carry out its risk oversight responsibilities and is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Each year, the Board evaluates its risk assessment function as part of its Board evaluation process. 20 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy As set forth below, each Committee reviews management s assessment of risk for that Committee s respective area of responsibility. Each Committee member has expertise on risks relative to the nature of the Committee on which they sit. With each Committee Chair reporting to the Board following each Committee meeting, the entire Board can discuss risk related issues, assess their implications and provide oversight on appropriate actions for management to take. All Board meetings are attended by members of senior management at which discussions of relevant risks and challenges facing the Company are held. The Board of Trustees oversees the Company s comprehensive operating and strategic planning. The operating plan, is reviewed and formally approved by the Board in January following a detailed review at a separate meeting by the Finance and Risk Management Committee, consists of the goals and objectives for the year, key performance indicators, and financial forecasts. The strategic planning process consists of long-term corporate objectives, specific strategies to achieve those goals, and plans designed to implement each strategy. The ERM program is integrated with the annual operating and strategic planning processes to identify the key financial risks associated with the plan. These financial risks are presented to the Board of Trustees as part of the annual operating plan and at the Board s annual strategic planning session. The Finance and Risk Management Committee is responsible for oversight of the Company s ERM program and enterprise-wide risks, as well as specific risks associated with cyber security, insurance, credit, financing, pension investments, and lines of business. Our COSO-based ERM program involves the application of a well-defined, enterprise-wide methodology designed to allow our executives to identify, categorize, prioritize, mitigate and monitor the principal risks to the Company. The ERM program is integrated with other assurance functions throughout the Company, including Corporate Compliance, Internal Audit and Corporate Insurance to ensure appropriate coverage of risks that could impact the Company, that the appropriate risk response is determined, and that the risk mitigation plans are periodically verified. The top enterprise-wide risks are identified using a comprehensive cross-functional analysis involving key officers and employees of each organization within the Company and are monitored throughout the year by the Company s Risk Committee, which is comprised of senior officers of the Company, with key risk indicators and mitigation progress reports. In addition to known risks, the ERM program identifies emerging risks to the Company, through participation in benchmarking groups both within and outside the utility industry, discussions with management, and consultation with outside advisors. Our management then analyzes risks to determine materiality and likelihood, and develops formal mitigation strategies based upon the risk drivers or what could cause the risk to occur. Management broadly considers our business model, the utility industry, the global, regional and local economies, climate change, sustainability, and the current political and economic environment to identify risks. Periodically, the ERM group will perform a correlation exercise to determine the influence the top enterprise risks may have on one another s likelihood and impact. The findings of this process are discussed with the Finance and Risk Management Committee and the full Board, including reporting on an individual risk-by-risk basis on how these issues are being measured and managed. In addition to the regularly scheduled reports by ERM of all the Company s enterprise-wide risks and the results of the ERM program, management reports periodically to both the Board of Trustees and the Finance and Risk Management Committee and/or Joint Audit and Finance and Risk Management Committees in depth on specific top enterprise risks at the Company. ERM also reports regularly to the Finance and Risk Management Committee on the activities of the Company s Risk Committee. The Company s Risk Committee meets quarterly, or more frequently if needed. It is responsible for ensuring that the Company is managing its principal enterprise-wide risks, as well as other key risk areas such as operations, regulatory, environmental, information technology (including cyber), compliance and safety. The Risk Committee is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer. The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of the integrity of the Company s financial statements, including oversight of the guidelines, policies and controls that govern management s processes for assessing, monitoring and mitigating major financial risk exposures as well as compliance with laws and regulations. The Company s Disclosure Committee is responsible for ensuring accurate and appropriate financial statements including the inclusion of relevant risk factors. The Disclosure Committee is made up of individuals with key financial reporting roles and business areas throughout the Company. The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee is responsible for the oversight of compliance with various governance regulations of the SEC, the NYSE and other regulators, along with environmental activities including clean energy transition, sustainability and climate related impacts, Trustee succession planning, and oversight of the Company s policies and practices. The Executive Vice President and General Counsel reports on any changes in laws and regulations and recognized best practices as part of the annual review of Committee charters and the Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines and at Committee and Board meetings. The Board of Trustees administers its compensation risk oversight function primarily through its 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Compensation Committee. The process by which the Board and the Compensation Committee oversee executive compensation risk is described in greater detail within the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. Cyber and Physical Security Risk The Company upholds rigorous security policies and practices that continue to allow it to protect its employees as well as its cyber and operational assets. At the same time, the Board and its Committees continue to provide substantial and focused attention to cyber and physical security. Comprehensive cyber security reports are provided and discussed at each meeting of the Finance and Risk Management Committee, which has primary responsibility for cyber and physical security oversight at the Committee level. These reports are provided to all members of the Board and are discussed by the full Board during the Finance and Risk Management Committee reports. The reports focus on the changing threat landscape and the risks associated with the Company and describe cyber security drills and exercises, any attempted breaches, cyber incidents within the utility industry and around the world, as well as the Company s protections and mitigation strategies, including insurance. In addition, assessments by third party experts of cyber and physical security risks to the utility industry and the Company are conducted periodically. The Company regularly reviews and updates its cyber and physical security programs and the Board and its Committees continue to enhance their strong oversight activities, including joint meetings of the Audit and Finance and Risk Management Committees. During these meetings, discussions are held on cyber and physical security programs and issues that might affect the Company s financial statements and operational systems. These programs and issues are discussed by both Committees with financial, information technology, legal and accounting management, other members of the Board, representatives of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, and outside advisors and experts. The key performance indicators that the Company provides to the Board include employees performance on simulated phishing emails that are sent by the Information Technology Department to test employees attention to cyber and information security. The Company continues to outperform industry benchmarks in phishing click-rates. The Company has a robust Enterprise Risk Management Program which has identified cyber security and physical attacks on critical infrastructure as top enterprise risks. The managing and monitoring of risks are the responsibility of the Company s Risk Committee, which meets quarterly and is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Information Technology Officer (CITO) is responsible for developing, implementing, and enforcing our cyber security program and information security policies to protect the Company s information systems and operational assets. Our CITO has more than 20 years of relevant information security experience and education. The CITO and multiple members of the cyber team hold security clearance from the Department of Homeland Security. The Company is continuously engaged with numerous outside groups and organizations that share information on cyber and physical threats and issues facing the energy and utility sector. The New England Utility Cyber Information Collaborative and the North American Electric Reliability Council s Electricity Information Sharing and Analysis Center support two-way sensitive information sharing between the U.S. Government and Eversource. The Edison Electric Institute s Cyber Mutual Aid initiative ensures that member utilities can request cyber assistance in the same manner as utilities support weather events. The U.S. Department of Energy s Energy Threat Analysis Center and peer utilities share best practices for addressing cyber threats. The Company also arranges for third-party assessments and audits of its cyber security policies and protections, as well as external tests of its information protection systems. The Company s cyber program has been modeled after the National Institute of Standards and Technology framework, a widely accepted framework utilized by critical infrastructure industries. All employees are required to complete annual cyber security training which is updated annually to ensure relevancy. The Cyber Security team also provides periodic updates to employees at various meetings. The Company maintains current incident response and business continuity plans, which are periodically updated and tested. The Company has seen an increase in the number of blocked ransomware attacks, denial of service attacks, and unauthorized login attempts year over year; investments in cyber technologies and policies put in place to protect information, and systems have worked as intended. The physical security program provides protection of employees and for critical infrastructure assets and is modeled around the physical security concept of deter, detect, deny, respond. This includes site surveillance and perimeter protection including a robust technology platform of security camera systems and electronic intrusion detection systems. Additionally, perimeter hardening with upgraded fencing systems has been implemented. 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Vendors are required to attest to their business continuity and cyber control programs and provide evidence of appropriate insurance and indemnification agreements and employee background checks for individuals with access to critical systems and assets. The Company bars sourcing from countries included on the Department of Homeland Security s list of Prohibited Nations to further protect the Company s supply chain. The Company maintains cyber insurance which covers breaches of networks and operational technology. Artificial Intelligence Eversource has made significant strides in integrating Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology across its operations. The Company is leveraging AI to proactively identify and address potential system issues or risks, ensuring the continued safety and reliability of its transmission and distribution systems. Eversource s AI strategy is anchored in a commitment to ensure that all AI implementations adhere to the highest standards of security and data privacy. The strategy is guided by strong leadership governance, with a dedicated team overseeing the selection and monitoring of AI projects to ensure they meet defined success metrics and deliver value to stakeholders. Eversource continues to incorporate AI strategies into its safety, asset identification and storm response processes. This includes the integration of advanced camera technology into Eversource trucks, enabling real-time data collection as vehicles drive through service areas. The system captures critical information without requiring direct interaction from employees, facilitating more accurate and timely damage assessments. The application of AI analytics is expected to expedite restoration efforts, enabling faster and more efficient response to storm-related disruptions. Eversource is developing a strategic plan for leveraging AI to improve the customer experience by providing the call centers detailed information on customer interactions resulting in greater customer service. Eversource will also leverage AI to identify opportunities for improved grid management and employee productivity through process automation. Human in the Loop controls will be used to monitor AI tools to reduce the risk of unintended actions. Sustainability/ESG/Climate Risk Conducting our business with integrity and in a socially and environmentally responsible manner helps us earn the trust of our customers and shareholders, attracts and retains talented employees, and demonstrates our shared responsibility to care for the natural environment. Sustainability is embedded into how we conduct our business today and plan for future generations, with ESG initiatives integrated into the policies and principles that govern our Company. We strive to meet the evolving expectations of our shareholders, customers, employees, regulators, and the communities we serve through our commitment to sustainability. Our policies and programs have been recognized for their excellence throughout the industry and by independent trade groups, sustainability raters, and the media. The 2025 awards and recognitions we received are further evidence of our leadership in corporate responsibility. For additional information on our awards, please see Additional Factors appearing in the Compensation, Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Environmental Performance Emission reductions, protection of natural resources, and environmental accountability Climate Leadership. Eversource recognizes that climate change is one of the greatest challenges facing the globe and we seek to do our part to mitigate its impacts. Reflecting on this importance, our Board of Trustees Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee Charter includes oversight of climate action and an annual review of progress against climate-related goals. An important example of our continued leadership includes our focus on reducing GHG emissions. In June 2025 we announced an expanded climate commitment: Near-Term: 45 percent reduction in operational (Scopes 1 and 2) greenhouse gases (GHGs) by 2035 Long-Term: Reach Net Zero emissions by 2050, encompassing operational emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) and indirect Scope 3 emissions associated with customer electric and gas use the most significant and challenging portion of our footprint. We ve already made strong progress reducing our operational emissions, achieving nearly 30 percent reductions from our baseline year of 2018 through 2024 by focusing on leak-prone gas pipe replacement, 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy implementing energy efficiency initiatives and upgrades at our facilities, adopting lower-emissions vehicle alternatives in our fleet, improving our maintenance of equipment in our transmissions system that contain sulfur hexafluoride (SF 6 ) and interconnecting clean energy in our region. Looking ahead to 2035, we will continue to focus on where we have the most influence in our footprint and serve a critical role in supporting state climate objectives by targeting operational efficiency initiatives, adopting cleaner technologies where able, and empowering customers to make informed decisions around energy consumption through our nationally-renowned energy efficiency programs. We periodically assess the physical and transitional impacts related to climate change to help enhance risk mitigation strategies and identify opportunities. Our assessment includes evaluating the impacts of more severe weather events, regulatory and financial risks, and changing customer behavior. We are also pursuing climate-related opportunities that enable business success while serving the needs of our customers. We are working to reduce emissions in our operations and for the region through clean energy investments, energy efficiency programs, the pursuit of emerging technologies, and enabling grid improvements to prepare for increased electrification of the energy sector. Programs for clean transportation, clean energy and climate investments also offer opportunities to Eversource and our communities to advance projects that have the ability to reduce GHG emissions throughout the region and help mitigate the impacts of climate change, while providing job creation and economic benefits. We take measures to prepare for and manage the potential effects of climate change and severe weather, including: Risk management Overhead and electrical hardening Distribution automation Environmentally responsible vegetation management Resiliency of infrastructure including designing for flood-prone areas Our employees utilize comprehensive emergency preparedness and resiliency plans that help us to keep our communities safe and provide our customers with timely and accurate restoration information during extreme weather events. Maintaining the reliability of our system is an ongoing focus. We are evaluating infrastructure needs and engaging external leaders to support changing customer expectations, the integration of renewable energy and the implementation of evolving technologies. Expanded Climate Commitment. In 2025, we replaced our carbon neutrality goal with climate targets aiming to achieve a 45 percent reduction in Scopes 1 and 2 emissions by 2035 and to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 for Scopes 1 and 2 as well as Scope 3 emissions associated with customer energy use. These climate targets are overseen by a dedicated Committee comprised of cross-functional company leaders pursuing emissions reductions in our operations by improving efficiency, implementing emerging technologies and engaging our employees and external stakeholders in the development and implementation of innovative strategies. In our operational footprint, we are working toward our goals by focusing on reducing emissions in five key operational areas: Our company vehicle fleet, by reducing emissions from fuel consumption through continued adoption of electric and hybrid vehicles, use of alternative fuel sources as substitutes for diesel and gasoline, and focusing on driver efficiency. Our facilities, by performing energy audits at our largest facilities and implementing efficiency measures that lower energy use such as the installation of building management systems and upgrades to aging equipment. Line loss, or the energy lost when power is transmitted and distributed across our electric system, by supporting state and regional efforts that are enabling a cleaner mix of energy in the grid, thereby reducing the carbon intensity of line loss. In addition, improving efficiencies 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy in our transmission infrastructure is also helping to reduce these physical losses. Our natural gas distribution system, by replacing aging steel and cast-iron pipes with lower leak alternatives to reduce methane emissions. Our SF 6 , a potent GHG commonly used as an insulator in electric equipment, through improved maintenance practices and adopting innovative solutions to replace this gas with less carbon-intensive alternatives. Unlike many electric utilities that operate large fossil fuel generation fleets, Eversource s Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions are small contributors to our region s GHG emissions as our current energy generation is limited solely to solar. Our Scope 3 emissions are the largest portion of our inventory as they include emissions associated with customer energy use. While we have limited influence over this emissions source, the investments we make to the grid infrastructure that enable more clean energy to be interconnected over time, will help reduce the carbon footprint of our service territory and our customers, while supporting regional goals addressing climate change. We also influence Scope 3 emissions through our industry-leading energy efficiency programs and interconnection of customer renewables. Complementing our energy efficiency programs, we are also rolling out AMI meters to our customers in Massachusetts, allowing them to make informed decisions about their energy use while modernizing the grid. Our strategy is rooted in being a principal catalyst for decarbonizing the New England grid with renewable energy sources, like wind and solar power, which will play an important role in our region s clean energy future. To guide the strategic direction of these efforts, we have an ESG Climate Governance structure to direct effective management of these topics that is overseen by executive management and the Board s Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee. Energy Efficiency. Energy efficiency and active demand management strategies remain a core service offering for Eversource customers to reduce their energy use and lower their carbon footprint. Energy efficiency, electric mobility, and demand response continue to be among the most cost-effective ways for customers to reduce energy use and emissions. Through customer participation in these programs, more than 2.9 million metric tons of lifetime greenhouse gas emissions were avoided. The Energy Efficiency team continues to demonstrate leadership and evolve the programs offered under statewide efficiency brands Energize Connecticut SM , Mass Save and NHSaves . As our states continue to advance electrification and decarbonization initiatives, the team provided rebates for more than 19,000 residential heat pumps to customers in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire customers in 2025. In 2025, the combined Connecticut and Massachusetts Heat Pump Installer Networks grew by 24 percent, exceeding 2,500 participating contractors. Across all three states, the ConnectedSolutions active demand response program had 76,000 residential and 409 commercial customers enrolled, and approximately 224 MW ready to be dispatched. ConnectedSolutions successfully curtailed approximately 210 MW of load during the summer of 2025, reducing strain on the ISO-NE system electric grid during periods of high demand. In 2025, across the three states, the thermostat program included 134,000 enrolled devices. The battery program included 3,011 residential participants, and 44 commercial and industrial (C I) participants across 836 C I customer sites, collectively contributing approximately 210 MW of flexible load. The Connecticut Energy Storage Solutions (ESS) battery program had over 475 residential and C I customers enrolled. Transportation remains one of the largest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions in the United States and our EV charging programs in Connecticut and Massachusetts are an important part of our clean energy initiatives. In 2025, we energized over 8,000 ports in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire, some of which are available for public use. We continue to provide a nation-leading, comprehensive set of customer-facing services that provide energy-saving solutions, carbon reduction strategies and cost savings to all of our customer classes: residential, municipal, commercial, and industrial. Natural Gas. We continue to reduce methane emissions within our natural gas service territories and actively pursue methods to decarbonize the heating sector in support of regional goals. We remain focused on the replacement of aging bare-steel and cast-iron natural gas pipelines to enhance safety and reliability and minimize the release of methane emissions into the atmosphere. In 2020, we received approval to pilot a networked geothermal system within our eastern Massachusetts gas service territory as an alternate, low-emission thermal solution to meet our customers energy needs. A neighborhood in Framingham, Massachusetts with a mix of residential and commercial customers was selected and field work began in 2022. Construction began in June 2023 and the work was completed with commissioning starting in 2024. The pilot is in its second heating year and is collecting valuable operational and emission data which informs our learning, and will help optimize system efficiency. Additionally, we have received 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy approval from the Department of Energy (DOE) for a grant for expansion of the existing Framingham networked geothermal loop, where construction activities will commence upon regulatory approvals. We are actively participating in proceedings across our natural gas service territories in Connecticut and Massachusetts, by filing our first Climate Compliance Plan in 2025. This plan outlines the Company s strategic plan to ensure safe, reliable, and cost-effective natural gas service, while supporting efforts in Massachusetts to achieve GHG emissions targets. Water. Eversource is committed to the protection of water resources through conservation, water quality management and stewardship of water resources. Our water distribution subsidiary, Aquarion Company, administers conservation programs to help ensure that local water supplies remain sufficient for critical needs such as human consumption and fire protection. Long-range initiatives are underway to help ensure the reliability of our sources of supply into the future. Aquarion s reservoirs are surrounded by more than 22,000 acres of forest, which serve as both a critical safeguard and an invaluable natural resource. We continually assess the biological condition of our watershed forests as part of an effort to increase forest resilience through active forest management. Aquarion continually conducts site inspections and monitors land use activities and water quality at hundreds of locations throughout our watershed and aquifer areas. Environmental Stewardship. We take great care with conservation measures, seeking to protect and preserve biodiversity, and responsibly manage natural/working lands and cultural resources. Our focus on protecting environmentally sensitive areas within our rights-of-way helps us to mitigate impacts to sensitive species and resource areas. Our vegetation management program balances the needs of our customers and communities with the goal of providing reliable electric service, while monitoring and addressing the biodiversity of forested and early successional habitat near our power lines. Eversource partners with State Historic Preservation and Tribal Historic Preservation offices to identify and protect cultural resources within our rights-of-way. We continue to manage the Eversource Land Trust to protect open space and wildlife habitat, while continuing to educate stakeholders on the variety of species protection measures. Our cross-functional Biodiversity Working Group focuses on advancing biodiversity projects; enhancing disclosures; and assessing our nature dependencies, impacts, risks and opportunities. As part of this group s work, we published a Biodiversity Commitment Statement in 2025 that describes the steps we are taking to be a responsible steward of the natural environment. Transparency and Accountability. We hold ourselves accountable for the impact our business might have on the environment, meeting and in some cases exceeding compliance with environmental laws, regulatory commitments and requirements. Along with our Environmental Policy, we have formal procedures in place to help ensure environmental compliance. Environmental training is provided to employees based on job function. Legal and Environmental teams meet quarterly to review and address compliance risks and issues. We strive to proactively work with customers, community members, environmental groups, regulatory agencies and civic and business partners to review planned work and promote transparent operations. Our employees, as well as vendors, suppliers and contractors, are expected to adhere to environmental laws as stated in our Code of Business Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct and procurement process. We are committed to tracking and monitoring our progress through a set of metrics that are reviewed monthly by executive leadership, and we work every day to uphold a focus on environmental protection. Social Responsibility Actions that care for people and engage stakeholders Human Capital and Workforce Engagement. At Eversource, we are committed to fostering an empowered, engaged workforce that delivers superior service safely to our customers. We believe that a culture of respect and collaboration drives innovation and strengthens trusted relationships with employees, customers, suppliers, and community partners. Our approach includes partnering with programs and agencies that address the unique challenges facing the communities we serve. Employee engagement remains a priority because we know that engaged employees deliver outstanding service. We regularly gather feedback through pulse surveys for individual groups and Business Resource Groups (BRGs), listening sessions, employee meetings, and our online employee community. These insights inform actions that support productivity, customer focus, and evolving work expectations. Throughout the year, we delivered programs, events, and discussions aimed at strengthening employee engagement and reinforcing our collaborative culture. We also enhanced our Employee Value Proposition, underscoring Eversource s commitment to safety, our customers, and 26 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy sustainability. This proposition serves as a clear message to employees, customers, investors, and prospective candidates, demonstrating how our values guide the employee experience and contribute to long-term organizational success. Leadership and Talent Development. Our executive leadership team actively promotes a culture of engagement by building and leading dynamic, high-performing teams. Leaders are committed to growing a pipeline of exceptional talent, leveraging diverse perspectives to enhance customer service, and engaging with the communities we serve. Recognizing that employees are our most valuable asset, we integrate workforce strategies into our annual business and workforce planning process to address immediate and long-term resource needs. In 2025, we launched the Eversource Leadership Development Cohort for high-potential employees, offering senior management interaction, targeted coaching, and learning experiences that promote independent thinking, collaboration, and inclusion. We provided targeted training and educational opportunities to all employees to ensure continued growth in the utility industry. Interactive tools and resources supported learning effectiveness and the development of business, leadership, and technical skills. Development initiatives were aligned with strategic workforce plans to support succession planning across all levels of the organization. Additionally, our Engineering and Transmission Development Cohorts offered professional development for recent college graduates. To attract and retain talent in critical technical roles, we partnered with trade organizations and educational institutions within our communities. These partnerships, along with proactive sourcing strategies, help us recruit experienced professionals in engineering, electric and gas operations, and energy efficiency. Employees benefit from competitive pay, comprehensive benefits, and robust training programs, including tuition assistance, internships, co-ops, and leadership development initiatives, all reinforcing equal opportunity, non-discrimination, and advancement based on merit and performance. Strategic Workforce Planning. As the demand for skilled talent grows, Eversource continues to adapt its recruiting strategies for trade and technical roles. Each year, we develop strategic workforce plans to identify short-term and long-range resource needs, ensuring we acquire, develop, and retain top talent. We remain focused on innovative approaches to replenishing the workforce, expanding programs to meet business needs, and building a pipeline of technically qualified individuals while maintaining fairness and equal opportunity for all candidates. In 2025, we introduced a redesigned internship program that delivers meaningful, hands-on experiences and professional development opportunities, strengthening our early-career talent pipeline. We also advanced our talent acquisition capabilities through HR technology and AI-driven tools, enabling more effective sourcing, streamlined recruiting processes, and enhanced service to employees. These initiatives reflect our commitment to fostering future talent and leveraging innovation to attract and develop top performers. Our employees are also engaged shareholders; over 14,250 active and retired employees owned 2.4 percent of our outstanding common shares through the Eversource 401(k) Plan as of December 31, 2025. Additionally, more than 730 employees are currently enrolled in Eversource Energy s Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan and buy common shares automatically through payroll deduction each month. Reliability Resiliency. Eversource continues to make significant investments in projects and programs to modernize our electric system, which enhances reliability for our customers, makes the electric grid more resilient to extreme weather events, and provides greater access to new renewable power sources. This enables the region to accelerate retirements of older, higher emitting power plants, and creates a more reliable and efficient electric grid that will help meet aggressive GHG reduction goals. We are evolving our analytics and automation practices on our distribution systems to reroute power and restore service to our customers as quickly as possible. We are investing in technologies to enhance the ability of the electric system to incorporate solar, demand response, energy storage and other distributed energy resources, while continuously improving the safety, security, reliability, resilience, cost effectiveness of our electric delivery infrastructure and encouraging customer engagement. Eversource filed an Electric Sector Modernization Plan (ESMP) with the Massachusetts DPU which was approved in August 2024. The ESMP includes foundational investments to increase electrification headroom by 180 percent, providing capacity to enable 2.5 million EVs statewide, 1 million residential air-source heat pumps, and 5.8 GW of solar. Additionally, it includes investments for software and tools to support the dispatch, management and customer incentives for Distributed Energy Resources (DER) like rooftop solar and energy storage. As part of the ESMP, Eversource also proposed a comprehensive plan to harden the system proactively to enable it to withstand more severe weather events and reduce restoration times and the number of interruptions. The plan introduces targeted hardening to address grid vulnerabilities include reconductoring, selective undergrounding and vegetation management. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of Eversource Energy Eversource also conducted a tri-state climate vulnerability study that assessed climate hazards relevant to the New England area. Climate hazards were projected out to 2050 and 2080 under multiple scenarios and downscaled to high granularity. Eversource is currently in the process of assessing how these results will impact its planning, operations and standards. Eversource is implementing an approved program in Massachusetts that includes investment in advanced sensing and monitoring, distribution automation, advanced voltage management, and load flow modeling software. The Company is also actively participating in regulatory proceedings in Connecticut and New Hampshire to expand the impact of further investments in grid modernization to all Eversource electric distribution customers. Our Communities. Eversource is committed to the health and economic well-being of the residents, businesses and institutions of Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire. In 2025, we provided $7.1 million in grants to nonprofit organizations and charitable regional activities across our tri-state service area. In 2025, our employees devoted over 29,000 hours to volunteerism and maintaining strong partnerships with key community organizations across New England, including our continued support of the Eversource Walk for Boston Children s Hospital, the Mass General Brigham Cancer Center Eversource 5K Run-Walk, the Eversource Hartford Marathon, the Eversource Walk and 5K Run for Easterseals New Hampshire, Travelers Championship, and Special Olympics in Connecticut and New Hampshire. In Connecticut, Eversource supported a variety of economic and community development projects through the purchase of state tax credits. The Community Relations Team worked closely with the State Historic Preservation Office, the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority, the Department of Revenue Services, and numerous municipalities and nonprofit organizations. This initiative supports our communities through historic preservation, increasing affordable housing, and investing in the energy efficiency efforts of the nonprofit community. For the calendar year 2025, Eversource purchased approximately $47 million in total tax credits. Governance Effective leadership, financial stability and strong ethics The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee of the Board of Trustees is responsible for oversight of the Company s management of environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, including primary oversight responsibility for climate action, environmental, human capital management and social responsibility programs and performance. The Committee meets at least three times per year and conducts an annual review of progress against climate-related goals and metrics to achieve those goals. Sustainability is embedded into our governance processes, and Board level oversight of ESG is reflected in many of the financial, operational and sustainability accomplishments outlined in the Compensation, Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Our risk management, long term strategy development and ethical business practices not only are intended to ensure the sustainability of our business, but are critical to our commitment to providing superior customer service and supporting our communities. Our Executive Vice President, Corporate Relations and Sustainability works with executive-level management from key ESG areas and oversees our ESG Climate Steering Council, comprised of Company leaders that sponsor and guide the development and implementation of ESG and climate strategy. The Council oversees three committees focused on climate targets, sustainability communications and engagement and ESG disclosures. Our ESG Climate Steering Council and committees meet at least quarterly. The Governance, Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee has primary oversight of ESG and reports each meeting to the Board of Trustees, who receive all Committee presentation materials. At its December 2024 meeting, the Committee received a comprehensive presentation on the Company s ESG policies, programs, accomplishments and upcoming plans for enhanced tracking and internal reporting on various sustainability priorities. As outlined in the Board s Oversight of Risk section of this proxy statement, the Finance and Risk Management Committee is responsible for oversight of the Company s ERM program, which utilizes a well-defined enterprise-wide methodology designed to allow executives to identify, categorize, prioritize, and mitigate principal risks to the Company. In addition to known risks, the ERM program identifies emerging risks and considerations including sustainability and climate change. Key performance metrics that focus directly on ESG, including sustainability, safety, workforce, customer experience and clean energy strategic projects, are periodically reported at management presentations. The Compensation Committee includes safety and sustainability/ESG performance goals to measure our executive compensation performance. 28 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS