=== ES_2026-02-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the matters set forth under "Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995" included immediately prior to Item 1, Business, above, we are subject to a variety of material risks. Our susceptibility to certain risks, including those discussed in detail below, could exacerbate other risks. These risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our risk profile. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Cybersecurity Risks: Cyber events, including acts of war or terrorism, targeted directly on or indirectly affecting our systems or the systems of third parties on which we rely, could severely impair operations, negatively impact our business, lead to the disclosure of confidential information and adversely affect our reputation. Cyberattacks that seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the utility industry and seek to disrupt electric, natural gas and water transmission and distribution systems are increasing in sophistication including artificial intelligence, magnitude and frequency. Various geo-political conflicts and acts of war around the world continue to result in increased cyberattacks against critical infrastructure. In addition to intentional attacks, we also face risks from other cybersecurity events, such as software defects, misconfigurations, system integration failures and problematic third-party software or firmware updates that can cause widespread outages or disruptions even in the absence of a deliberate attack. A successful cyberattack or other significant cyber event affecting technology systems that control our transmission, distribution, natural gas and water systems or other assets could impair or prevent us from managing these systems and facilities, operating our systems effectively, or properly managing our data, networks and programs. The breach or failure of certain information or operational technology systems could adversely affect our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber event could result in significant expenses to investigate and to repair system damage or security breaches and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to our reputation. We have instituted safeguards to protect our technology systems and assets; however, we cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent or deter cyberattacks. We deploy substantial technologies to system and application security, encryption and other measures to protect our computer systems and infrastructure from unauthorized access or misuse and to detect and respond to cyber events. Specifically, regarding vulnerabilities, we patch systems timely where patches are available to deploy and have technologies that detect exploits of vulnerabilities and proactively block the exploit when it happens. We also interface with numerous external entities to improve our cybersecurity situational awareness. The FERC, through the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC), requires certain safeguards to be implemented to deter cyberattacks. These safeguards may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyberattacks. We maintain cyber insurance to cover damages, potential ransom and defense costs related to breaches of network or operational technology, but it may be insufficient in limits and coverage exclusions to cover all losses. For further information, see Item 1C, Cybersecurity included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The unauthorized access to, and the misappropriation of, confidential and proprietary Company, customer, employee, financial or system operating information could adversely affect our business operations and adversely impact our reputation. In the regular course of business, we, and our third-party suppliers, rely on information technology to maintain sensitive Company, customer, employee, financial and system operating information. We are required by various federal and state laws to safeguard this information. Cyber intrusions, security breaches, theft or loss of this information by cybercrime or otherwise could lead to the release of critical operating information or confidential Company, customer or employee information, which could adversely affect our business operations or adversely impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines and litigation. We employ system controls to prevent the dissemination of certain confidential information and train employees on phishing risks. We maintain cyber insurance to cover damages, costs related to a system disruption, potential ransom and defense costs arising from unauthorized disclosure of, or failure to protect, private information, as well as costs for notification to, or 16 for credit monitoring of, customers, employees and other persons in the event of a breach of private information. This insurance covers amounts paid to address a network attack or the disclosure of personal information and costs of a qualified forensics firm to determine the cause, source and extent of a network attack or to investigate, examine and analyze our network to find the cause, source and extent of a data breach, but it may be insufficient to cover all losses. While we have implemented measures designed to prevent network attacks and mitigate their effects should they occur, these measures may not be effective due to the continually evolving nature of efforts to access confidential information. We are increasingly integrating artificial intelligence (AI) into our operations, and while these technologies offer operational benefits, they also introduce significant risks that could adversely impact our business and results of operations. We deploy AI tools and models in areas such as weather forecasting, grid planning, asset management, customer service and internal support functions. This deployment is overseen by an internal governance and oversight committee, which has established policies and procedures and reviews and approves the use of AI throughout the organization. AI systems may produce inaccurate, biased or otherwise unreliable forecasts or recommendations due to flawed algorithms, limited training data or unforeseen conditions which could result in service disruptions, regulatory penalties and reputational harm. Evolving AI regulations may impose new compliance and reporting obligations or restrict usage and stakeholders may raise concerns about transparency, bias, and accountability. Despite implementing a governance framework and policies and controls in place related to AI use, including human oversight of critical decisions and outputs, these risks could negatively affect operations, expose us to litigation or regulatory penalties or fines, increase costs and impair our ability to meet customer expectations, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Regulatory, Legislative and Compliance Risks: The actions of regulators and legislators could result in outcomes that may adversely affect our earnings and liquidity. Rate Regulation, Cost Recovery and Affordability Our electric, natural gas, and water utility companies are subject to regulation by federal and state agencies and each is required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for service. Our regulated companies are entitled to charge rates that are sufficient to recover prudently incurred costs and a reasonable return on investment on invested capital. Regulatory decisions may require us to cancel, delay, or reduce planned investments or incur costs we cannot recover. Rates are subject to prudency reviews, refunds or disallowances and may not align with the timing of costs incurred. Adverse outcomes, including reductions in allowed rate of return, disallowance of costs or delays in rate adjustment, could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Customer affordability concerns, driven by volatility in energy supply costs, evolving public policy mandates and inflationary pressures, may limit our ability to recover costs or fund infrastructure upgrades. Regulators may respond by imposing stricter cost recovery standards, delaying or denying rate increases or cost recovery or requiring alternative funding mechanisms increasing financial uncertainty. Heightened political and public scrutiny of rate-setting processes may also lead to additional compliance obligations or reputational risk. These factors could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. State-Level Risks State commissions regulate rates, operations, accounting and certain financing activities. Rates are set in comprehensive base rate proceedings based on an analysis of invested capital, expenses and other factors, subject to periodic review and adjustments. Regulatory proceedings typically involve multiple parties who have differing concerns and can challenge our current or future rates, and these proceedings can be contentious, lengthy, and subject to appeal. This may lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result of those proceedings. Regulatory commissions may challenge the reasonableness or prudency of operating expenses (including storm restoration costs) incurred or capital investments made by our regulated operating companies and deny the full recovery of cost of service in rates. Established rates are subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including cost recovery mechanisms. The ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings or challenges to certain provisions in our distribution tariffs could have a significant effect on our ability to recover costs timely, or at all, or earn an adequate return. We have incurred significant storm restoration costs that are not yet approved by the regulatory commissions, and though we believe those costs were prudently incurred, it is possible that some amount may be disallowed. Regulators may also impose penalties or reduce allowed returns, which would adversely affect our financial condition. Additionally, catastrophic events at other utilities could lead to new requirements that increase costs. We continue to monitor the evolving regulatory environment in Connecticut, including changes in the composition of PURA, which may affect our electric, natural gas and water businesses in that state. Adverse decisions in our proceedings could adversely affect our credit ratings, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Regulatory approval is also required for certain dispositions of property and plant, mergers and consolidations and issuances of long-term securities, and construction and operation of facilities. Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, or at all, could result in increased costs, the postponement or cancellation of planned transactions or projects, changes in financing strategies, and an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and ability to implement our business strategy. Federal-Level Risks The FERC has jurisdiction over our transmission cost recovery and our allowed ROEs on transmission investments. If FERC changes its methodology on developing ROEs or eliminates certain transmission incentives, it could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. From time to time, various matters are pending before FERC relating to transmission rates, incentives, interconnections and transmission planning. Depending on the outcome, any of these matters could materially impact our results of operations and financial 17 condition. Additionally, outside parties have filed four complaints against transmission-owning electric companies within ISO-NE, alleging that our allowed ROEs are unjust and unreasonable. An adverse decision in any of these four complaints could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Further, FERC's policy has encouraged competition for transmission projects as it looks to expand the transmission system to accommodate state and federal policy as well as to enhance reliability and resilience for extreme weather events while lowering costs. Implementation of FERC's goals may expose us to competition for construction of transmission projects, which could result in being exposed to cost caps or a reduced ROE in order to win a project bid, additional regulatory considerations and potential delay with respect to future transmission projects, which may adversely affect our results of operations and lower rate base growth. New processes and planning frameworks, including ISO-NE’s Longer-Term Transmission Planning (LTTP) competitive solicitation process and advisory role as asset condition reviewer, introduce uncertainty around project timing, scope and cost recovery. Competitive solicitations for certain transmission projects may require us to compete against non-incumbent developers, rather than relying on traditional cost-of-service recovery. Failure to secure projects through these processes could reduce transmission investment opportunities and associated incentives, adversely affecting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in tax laws, as well as the potential tax effects of business decisions or other actions by the federal government such as Presidential executive orders could negatively impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We are exposed to significant reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to increased regulatory oversight or other sanctions. Our electric, natural gas and water utility subsidiaries serve large customer bases and are subject to adverse publicity regarding service safety, reliability and response times to outages, leaks or other interruptions, including those related to storms or climate change. Negative publicity can harm our reputation, influence legislative and regulatory bodies, and result in unfavorable outcomes, such as stricter operational standards, vegetation management requirements, fines, penalties or other sanctions. We also depend on third-party suppliers for power and natural gas. Factors such as inflation, tariffs, geopolitical conflicts, rising energy demand, supply costs, and public policy charges contribute to high customer bills in New England. In extreme cases, ISO-NE may require load shed if regional power capacity is insufficient. High customer bills or failure to meet energy needs could reduce customer satisfaction adversely affecting our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Addressing adverse publicity, regulatory actions or legal proceedings is costly and time-consuming and can negatively impact employee morale and relationships with regulators, customers and counterparties. Future legislative or regulatory changes are unpredictable, and we cannot ensure we are able to respond adequately. The direct and indirect effects of negative publicity may materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, may increase and have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The costs of compliance with existing legal requirements may increase in the future. Although we have recorded liabilities for known environmental obligations, these costs can be difficult to estimate due to uncertainties such as the extent of contamination, remediation alternatives, the remediation levels required by state and federal agencies, change in environmental regulations, and the financial ability of other potentially responsible parties. An increase in such costs, unless promptly recovered, could have an adverse impact on our business and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Our subsidiaries’ operations are also subject to extensive and increasing federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations that govern, among other things, water quality (including treatment of PFAS (Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances) and lead), water discharges, the management of hazardous material and solid waste, and air emissions including greenhouse gases. Compliance with these requirements requires us to incur significant costs relating to environmental permitting, monitoring, maintenance and upgrading of facilities, remediation, and reporting. For our water business, compliance with water quality regulations, including those for PFAS and lead, could require the construction of facilities and replacement of customer lead service lines, respectively. In each of the states that we operate, there are requirements for purchases of renewable energy credits from the generation of renewable energy. As the requirement for credits increases and outpace the renewable energy coming online, we may be required to pay higher prices and make alternative compliance payments to the states. Unless renewable energy availability is increased to meet these credit requirements, we will face the risk of increasing costs. For further information, see Item 1, Business – Other Regulatory and Environmental Matters , included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Offshore Wind Contingent Liability and Tax Risk: Variability in the costs and final investment returns of the Revolution Wind and South Fork Wind offshore wind projects no longer owned by Eversource and the inability to monetize investment tax credits could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 18 Following the sale of our 50 percent ownership share in the South Fork Wind and Revolution Wind projects, we have continuing financial exposure as it relates to the purchase price post-closing adjustment payments under the terms of the sale agreement with Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) for these projects. Our future obligations under the sale terms primarily include a capital expenditure overrun sharing obligation, an obligation to maintain GIP’s internal rate of return through the construction period for each project, and obligation for other future costs prior to commercial operation. Post-closing purchase price adjustment payments are owed following the commercial operation of Revolution Wind. Factors that could increase the post-closing adjustment payments owed to GIP include the ultimate cost of construction and timing and extent of cost overruns for Revolution Wind, delays in construction such as from federal governmental stop work orders, damage to equipment, and weather conditions, which would also impact the economics associated with the purchase price adjustment, and Revolution Wind’s eligibility for federal investment tax credits (ITCs) at a value lower than assumed and included in the purchase price. New information that becomes available or future developments that arise as the construction of Revolution Wind progresses could result in increased costs of the project that would ultimately be owed to GIP. Adverse changes in facts and circumstances, regulations or Presidential executive orders could increase the obligation under the sale agreement above the amount accrued and result in additional losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The purchase price included the sales value related to a 40 percent level of federal ITCs, 10 percent of which is the energy community ITC adder included in the Inflation Reduction Act related to Revolution Wind. If the project does not meet the qualifications under federal tax law for the full value of the ITC or there are changes to tax law, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we hold a tax equity investment in South Fork Wind that is expected to result in cash flow benefits from ITCs at a 30 percent level. The tax treatment of the ITCs could be challenged and is subject to audit by the IRS. If the project does not meet the qualifications under federal tax law, we may be unable to monetize the ITCs that support this investment, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Risks Related to the Environment and Catastrophic Events: The effects of climate change, including severe storms, could cause significant damage to any of our facilities or assets requiring extensive expenditures, the recovery for which is subject to approval by regulators. Climate change creates physical and financial risks to our operations. Physical risks from climate change may include an increase in sea levels and changes in weather conditions, such as changes in precipitation, extreme heat and weather events, including the effects of significantly stronger wind-related events. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers’ energy and water usage could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes. Severe weather induced by climate change, such as extreme and frequent ice and snowstorms, tornadoes, micro-bursts, hurricanes, floods, droughts, wildfires, landslides, excess humidity and other natural or weather-related phenomenon, may cause outages and property damage, which may require us to incur additional costs that may not be recoverable from customers. The cost of repairing damages to our operating subsidiaries' facilities and the potential disruption of their operations due to the increase in frequency and severity of storms, natural disasters or other catastrophic events could be substantial, particularly as regulators and customers demand better and quicker response times to outages. If, upon review, any of our state regulatory authorities finds that our actions were imprudent, some of those restoration costs may not be recoverable from customers and could result in penalties or fines. The inability to recover a significant amount of such costs could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We maintain property insurance, but it may be insufficient in limits and coverage exclusions to cover all losses. Additionally, these types of weather events risk interruption of the supply chain and could disrupt the delivery of goods and services required for our operations. Transitional impacts related to climate change may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations due to costs associated with new technologies, evolving customer expectations and changing workforce needs. Initiatives to mitigate the impacts of climate change, support a transition to cleaner energy, and reduce emissions, may have a material adverse financial impact on our business. These impacts include the costs associated with the development and implementation of new technologies to maintain system reliability and resiliency and lower emissions, including grid modernization and energy storage. An increase in such costs, unless promptly recovered, could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. There may also be financial and reputational risks if we fail to meet evolving customer expectations, including enabling the integration of residential renewables and providing low carbon solutions, such as electric vehicle infrastructure and energy efficiency services. Additionally, actions to mitigate climate change may result in a transition in our workforce that must adapt to meet the need for new job skills. Associated costs include training programs for existing employees and workforce development as we transition to new technologies and clean energy solutions. Further, the view of natural gas as an attractive fuel source for heating and power generation may be at risk. Certain environmental activist groups, investors and governmental entities continue to oppose natural gas delivery and infrastructure investments because of perceived environmental impacts associated with the natural gas supply chain and end use. 19 Adequacy of water supplies and contamination of our water supplies, the failure of dams on reservoirs providing water to our customers, or requirements to repair, upgrade or dismantle any of these dams, may disrupt our ability to distribute water to our customers and result in substantial additional costs, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our water business faces an inherent strategic risk related to adequacy of supply (i.e., water scarcity). We expect that climate change will cause both an increase in demand due to increasing temperatures and a potential for a decrease in available supply due to shifting rainfall and recharge patterns. Regulatory constraints also present challenges to permit new sources of supply in the region. In Connecticut, where most of our dams are located, impounded waterways are required to release minimum downstream flow. New regulations are being phased into effect over the next one to five years that will increase the volume of downstream releases required across our Connecticut service territory, depleting the volume of supply in storage that is used to meet customer demands. This combination of factors may cause an increased likelihood of drought emergencies and water use restrictions that could adversely affect our ability to provide water to our customers, and reputational/brand damage that could negatively impact our water business. Our water supplies, including water provided to our customers, are also subject to possible contamination from naturally occurring compounds and elements or non-organic substances, including PFAS. Although we believe our water supply facilities, dams, reservoirs, and groundwater sources are structurally sound and well-maintained, significant damage to these facilities, or a significant decrease in the water supplies (reservoirs and groundwater), could adversely affect our ability to provide water to our customers until the facilities and enough water can be restored. A failure of a dam could result in personal injuries and downstream property damage for which we may be liable. The failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities for our customers. Any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams may not be recoverable in rates and may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We maintain liability insurance, but it may be insufficient in limits and coverage exclusions to cover all losses. Physical attacks, including acts of war or terrorism, both threatened and actual, could adversely affect our ability to operate our systems and could adversely affect our financial results and liquidity. Physical attacks, including acts of war or terrorism, both threatened and actual, that damage our transmission and distribution systems or other assets could negatively impact our ability to transmit or distribute energy, water, natural gas, or operate our systems efficiently or at all. Because our electric transmission systems are part of an interconnected regional grid, we face the risk of widespread blackouts due to grid disturbances or disruptions on a neighboring interconnected system. Similarly, our natural gas distribution system is connected to transmission pipelines not owned by Eversource. If there was an attack on the transmission pipelines, it could impact our ability to deliver natural gas. If our assets were physically damaged and were not recovered in a timely manner, it could result in a loss of service to customers, a significant decrease in revenues, significant expense to repair system damage, costs associated with governmental actions in response to such attacks and liability claims, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We maintain property and liability insurance, but it may be insufficient in limits and coverage exclusions to cover all losses. In addition, physical attacks against third-party providers could have a similar effect on the operation of our systems. Business and Operational Risks: Strategic development or investment opportunities in electric transmission, distributed generation, or clean-energy technologies may not be successful, which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects. We are pursuing investment opportunities in electric transmission facilities, distributed generation and other clean-energy infrastructure, including interconnection facilities. The development of these projects involves numerous significant risks including federal, state and local permitting and regulatory approval processes, scheduling or permitting delays, increased costs, tax strategies and changes to federal tax laws, new legislation impacting the industry, including clean energy programs, economic events or factors, environmental, community, and customer affordability concerns, design and siting issues and difficulties in obtaining required rights of way. Also, supply constraints in New England have led to significant increases in commodity costs which may impact our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. Further, regional clean energy goals may not be achieved if local, state and federal policy is not aligned with integrated planning of our infrastructure investments or if goals 

=== ES_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are subject to a variety of significant risks in addition to the matters set forth under our forward-looking statements section in Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We have identified a number of these risk factors in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," in our 2025 Form 10-K, which risk factors are incorporated herein by reference. These risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our risk profile. The following risk factor update should be read in conjunction with the risk factors described in the 2025 Form 10-K. Eversource and other transmission-owning electric companies within ISO-NE have been subject to complaints challenging the reasonableness of our allowed ROEs since 2011. On March 19, 2026, FERC issued an order finding that the base ROE was unjust and unreasonable and setting a new base ROE for the first complaint period and prospectively from October 2014. FERC ordered refunds with interest for those historical refund periods, which are material to us, and dismissed the other three complaints. The material amount of the refunds required by FERC’s order is driven primarily by the length of the retroactive refund period, which spans nearly 12 years. The application of the revised base ROE to revenues collected over this extended historical period substantially increased the aggregate refund obligation compared to what would have resulted from a shorter refund period. The order adversely affects our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows, particularly if we seek rehearing or appeal and are unsuccessful, and creates risks regarding our ability to secure acceptable ROEs in future FERC proceedings. See "FERC Regulatory Matters - FERC ROE Complaints," in the accompanying Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 9C, “Commitments and Contingencies - FERC ROE Complaints,” to the financial statements for additional information regarding the financial impact of this order. Other than as set forth above, there have been no additional risk factors identified and no material changes with regard to the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2025 Form 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS The following table discloses purchases of our common shares made by us or on our behalf for the periods shown below. The common shares purchased consist of open market purchases made by the Company or an independent agent. These share transactions related to matching contributions under the Eversource 401k Plan. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans and Programs (at month end) January 1 - January 31, 2026 — $ — — — February 1 - February 28, 2026 — — — — March 1 - March 31, 2026 2,522 68.38 — — Total 2,522 $ 68.38 — — ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 57 Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers adopted , modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 58 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Each document described below is filed herewith, unless designated with an asterisk (*), which exhibits are incorporated by reference by the registrant under whose name the exhibit appears. Exhibit No. Description Listing of Exhibits (Eversource) * 4 Junior Subordinated Note Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2026, between Eversource Energy and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee ( Exhibit 4.1, Eversource Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2026, File No. 001-05324 ) * 4.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2026, between Eversource Energy and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee ( Exhibit 4.2, Eversource Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2026, File No. 001-05324 ) * 4.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2026, between Eversource Energy and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee ( Exhibit 4.3, Eversource Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2026, File No. 001-05324 ) 31 Certification by the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Eversource Energy pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.1 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of Eversource Energy pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification by the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Eversource Energy pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Listing of Exhibits (CL&P) 31 Certification by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Connecticut Light and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.1 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of The Connecticut Light and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of The Connecticut Light and Power Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Listing of Exhibits (NSTAR Electric Company) 31 Certification by the Chairman of NSTAR Electric Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.1 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of NSTAR Electric Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification by the Chairman and the Chief Financial Officer of NSTAR Electric Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Listing of Exhibits (PSNH) 31 Certification by the Chairman of Public Service Company of New Hampshire pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.1 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of Public Service Company of New Hampshire pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification by the Chairman and the Chief Financial Officer of Public Service Company of New Hampshire pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Listing of Exhibits (Eversource, CL&P, NSTAR Electric, PSNH) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 The cover page from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL 59 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EVERSOURCE ENERGY May 7, 2026 By: /s/ Jay S. Buth Jay S. Buth Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. THE CONNECTICUT LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY May 7, 2026 By: /s/ Jay S. Buth Jay S. Buth Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13