=== NOW_2026-04-06.htm.gz ===
now-20260406 0001373715 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0001373715 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001373715 2 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001373715 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001373715 2 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001373715 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001373715 2 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001373715 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001373715 2 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001373715 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001373715 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 SERVICENOW, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT I Message from Our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Dear Fellow Shareholders, You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Shareholders Meeting (the Annual Meeting ) of ServiceNow, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( ServiceNow ), that will be held virtually via live webcast on Thursday , May 21, 2026 , at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time. You can participate by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NOW2026 . As a shareholder, all you need to join the meeting is the 16-digit control number printed in the box marked by the arrow on your Notice Regarding Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ). You may submit comments and questions before the meeting at the same website address. You will be able to listen to the official meeting, submit questions and comments and vote your shares from any location with an Internet connection. Questions may be submitted before the meeting as well at the website noted above. Our virtual meeting format allows us to increase shareholder access, saves us and our shareholders time and money, and preserves the rights and opportunities of our shareholders to participate in the meeting as if attending in person. We have elected to deliver our proxy materials to our shareholders over the Internet. Similar to the benefits of holding our meeting virtually, our proxy delivery process lowers the costs of printing and distributing materials without adversely impacting our ability to provide shareholders with timely access to important information. On or about April 6, 2026 , we expect to mail to our shareholders the Notice of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting and our 2025 Annual Report to shareholders. The Notice of Internet Availability also provides instructions on how to vote by mail or over the Internet and includes instructions on how to receive a paper copy of the proxy materials by mail. The matters we will discuss and vote on at the Annual Meeting are described in the notice of annual meeting on the next page and in our Proxy Statement that follows. Please use this opportunity to share your views by participating in our meeting and voting your shares. Even if you cannot participate in the meeting, please vote over the Internet, by telephone or by requesting and mailing your proxy card to ensure your representation at the meeting. Your vote is important. We appreciate your continued support of ServiceNow as we build the Defining AI Enterprise Software Company of the 21 st Century. Sincerely, William R. Bill McDermott Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer II Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting Items of Business Board Recommendations 1 To elect 9 directors, each to serve until the next annual shareholders meeting and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or his or her earlier death, resignation or removal FOR each director nominee See page 9 2 To hold a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers (commonly referred to as say on pay ) FOR See page 49 3 To hold a non-binding advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation ONE YEAR See page 102 4 To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 FOR See page 103 5 To approve our Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance FOR See page 106 6 To vote on a shareholder proposal regarding shareholder right to act by written consent AGAINST See page 116 In addition, shareholders may be asked to consider and vote on such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. All shareholders are invited to attend the Annual Meeting. Any shareholder attending the Annual Meeting may vote online at the Annual Meeting even if the shareholder previously voted. The previous votes will be superseded by the vote such shareholder casts online at the Annual Meeting. Thank you for your continued support of ServiceNow. By Order of the Board of Directors, Hossein Nowbar President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary April 6, 2026 Date and Time May 21, 2026 ( Thursday ) 10:00 a.m. , Pacific Time Location Live webcast www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/NOW2026 Record Date Only shareholders of record at the close of business on March 23, 2026 , are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. How to Vote Internet www.proxyvote.com Telephone 1-800-690-6903 Mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope QR Code Scan the QR code on your voting materials to vote with your mobile device Whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read this Proxy Statement and vote over the Internet, by telephone, by requesting and mailing your proxy card or by mobile device as soon as possible, so that your shares may be represented at the Annual Meeting. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section titled Annual Meeting General Information beginning on page 119 of the proxy statement and the instructions on the enclosed Notice of Internet Availability. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT III Table of Contents Message from Our Chairman and CEO I Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting II Proxy Statement Summary 1 Proxy Voting Roadmap 7 PROPOSAL 1 Election of 9 Directors 9 Nomination Process and Nominees 10 Nomination Process 10 Nominees Experience and Skills 13 Director Nominees 15 Board and Corporate Governance Matters 24 Corporate Governance Highlights 24 Board Leadership Structure 25 Board Committees 27 Board s Role in Corporate Oversight 30 Director Engagement 35 Succession Planning 37 Shareholder Engagement 38 Other Governance Policies and Practices 40 Director Compensation 42 Corporate Sustainability 44 Executive Leadership 46 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation ( Say on Pay ) 49 Letter from the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee 50 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 52 Executive Summary 53 Executive Compensation Program 58 Compensation Policies and Practices 71 NEO Employment Agreements 78 Report of the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee 83 Executive Compensation Tables 84 Equity Compensation Plan Information 93 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 94 Pay Versus Performance 95 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 100 PROPOSAL 3 Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes on Executive Compensation 102 PROPOSAL 4 Ratify the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 103 Report of the Audit Committee 105 PROPOSAL 5 Approval of Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 106 PROPOSAL 6 Shareholder Proposal Regarding Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent 116 Annual Meeting General Information 119 Additional Information 124 Appendix A A-1 Appendix B B-1 This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Proxy Statement other than statements of historical or current fact, including statements regarding our executive compensation plans, business strategy and plans and financial targets are forward-looking. The words "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "expect" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Actual results could differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements we make. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation, and do not intend, to update the forward-looking statements. On December 17, 2025, the Company effected a 5-for-1 split of its common stock (the Stock Split ) with a proportionate increase in the number of shares of authorized common stock. All references made to common share, equity award and per share amounts throughout this proxy statement have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. The content of the websites, and additional materials found on those websites, referred to in this Proxy Statement are not deemed to be part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. We recommend you read this Proxy Statement fully before voting. 2025 Business Highlights 2025 was another strong year of sustained growth for ServiceNow, as we continued to deliver robust revenue growth and significant margin expansion. Strong Growth and Profitability Growth Profitability 21% 98% $13.3B 31% 35% $4.6B Subscription Revenues Growth Y/Y Industry Renewal Rate 7 Years in a Row (1) Total Revenues Non-GAAP Operating Margin (2) Free Cash Flow Margin (2) Free Cash Flow ( FCF ) (2) Subscription Revenues Total Revenues Growth Y/Y (3) Non-GAAP Operating Income Growth Y/Y (2) (3) FCF Growth Y/Y (3) Numbers rounded for presentation purposes. ServiceNow metrics as of December 31, 2025, except as noted otherwise. (1) We adjust our renewal rate for acquisitions, consolidations and other customer events that cause the merging of two or more accounts occurring at the time of renewal. For additional information, please see the discussion under the sections titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Business Metrics in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. (2) See Appendix B for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP metrics and other information. (3) Represents the weighted average metric of our 2025 Peer Group with a comparable growth metric for the last reported four fiscal quarters based on information available as of February 28, 2026. See Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Policies and Practices Peer Companies for our 2025 Peer Group. Only 2025 Peer Group members with positive FCF were included in the FCF growth calculation. Those with negative FCF were excluded from the calculation. 2 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Delivering Continued Shareholder Value As shown below, since Mr. McDermott became Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) in 2019, our TSR significantly outperformed the TSR of our 2025 Peer Group and the S P 500. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Policies and Practices Peer Companies for a list of the companies in our 2025 Peer Group. +$109 billion market capitalization Increase 188% NOW 141% S P 500 107% 2025 Peer Group 11/18/2019 12/31/2025 NOW S P 500 2025 Peer Group Source: S P Capital IQ, based on latest closing price as of December 31, 2025. Building the Defining AI Enterprise Software Company of the 21 st Century Strategic Milestones Earned Fortune 500 recognition for third consecutive year (1) Served approximately 8,800 global customers, including over 85% of the Fortune 500 (2) Exceeded $12. 8 billion in subscription revenue in 2025 Continued significant customer growth with 244 transactions greater than $1 million in net new annual contract value ( NNACV ) in the fourth quarter of 2025 alone and the number of customers contributing $20 million or more in annual contract value ( ACV ) rising over 30% year over year Ended the year with over 600 customers generating $5 million or more in ACV Finished 2025 operating at a Rule of 56 (3) Now Assist exceeded $600 million in ACV, tracking toward $1 billion target for 2026, with powerful agentic AI innovations launched across the ServiceNow AI Platform, to put AI to work across every corner of the enterprise (1) From Fortune 2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Fortune and Fortune 500 are registered trademarks of Fortune Media IP Limited and are used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse the products or services of, ServiceNow. (2) Global customer count is as of the end of 202 5 . (3) Enterprise software companies are often measured on a Rule of 40, defined as the result of free cash flow margin plus subscription revenue growth rate. These two measures combined highlight the ability to grow the business while maintaining profitability. ServiceNow s free cash flow margin plus subscription revenue growth rate exceeded 56 for the year ended December 31, 2025. See Appendix B for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP metrics and other information. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY ServiceNow s Board of Director Nominees Our Board nominees bring the expertise and leadership necessary to guide our business strategy and create shareholder value. All of the Board nominees are independent other than our Chairman and CEO, Mr. McDermott, our founder, Mr. Luddy, and Mr. Yuan. For more information on the independence of our nominees, please see section titled Nomination Process and Nominees Nomination Process Independence . In addition, the Board benefits from its members wide range of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Skills and Experience Leadership Governance Senior leadership experience 9 Global operations leadership experience 8 Public company board experience 7 Risk Management Financial Non-Corporate Risk management experience 7 Financial experience 4 Non-profit, education and government 7 Strategic Significant technical or business experience in software industry 8 Leadership experience at high-growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue 5 Multi-product/services or multi-segment company experience 8 Knowledge of emerging technologies 9 Experience with large scale transformations in key functions 7 Experience with M A, debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions 6 See Nomination Process and Nominees for more detail. Board Profile* Independence Tenure (Median) Age (Median) 6 Independent 2 5 years 2 50 years 3 Not independent 4 5-10 years 2 50-60 years 3 10 years 5 61-70 years * All figures are based on a total of nine directors. 4 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Director Nominees The Board has nominated nine individuals for election to the Board, six of whom are independent under NYSE standards. The following table sets forth the names, ages and certain other information for each of our director nominees. Committee Membership Name and Occupation Age Director Since Independent Audit Committee Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Number of Other Public Company Boards (1) William R. McDermott Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. 64 2019 2 Susan L. Bostrom Former Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and Head of Worldwide Government Affairs of Cisco Systems, Inc. Lead Independent Director 65 2014 2 Teresa Briggs Former Vice Chair West Region Managing Partner of Deloitte LLP; Retired Certified Public Accountant 65 2019 3 Paul E. Chamberlain Business Advisor Investor; Former Managing Director and Co-Head of Global Technology Banking of Morgan Stanley 62 2016 1 Lawrence J. Jackson, Jr. Founder and Chief Executive Officer of gamma; Former Global Creative Director, Apple Music of Apple Inc. 45 2020 0 Frederic B. Luddy Founder and Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Product Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. 71 2004 0 Joseph Larry Quinlan Former Global Chief Information Officer of Deloitte LLP 63 2021 2 Anita M. Sands Vice Chair and Head of Growth at General Catalyst 49 2014 1 Eric S. Yuan Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Zoom Communications, Inc. 56 Nominee 2 Member Chair (1) For purposes of this proxy statement, "public company" refers to a company with a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Executive Compensation Our executive compensation program is designed to align with our pay-for-performance philosophy, drive achievement of our strategic and financial goals and to incentivize value creation for our shareholders. Maintaining an executive compensation program that motivates and retains a talented and experienced leadership team is critical to ServiceNow s long-term success. Say on Pay and Shareholder Engagement We are committed to the ongoing review and enhancement of our executive compensation program. Shareholder feedback is an important part of this process, and by actively engaging with our shareholders, we gain valuable insights and perspectives that help inform our approach. 2025 Program Design is Responsive to Shareholder Feedback 2025 Compensation is Closely Tied to Performance Extensive Board-led shareholder engagement over multiple years helped inform enhancements to our executive compensation program Strong endorsement by shareholders of compensation program modifications Metrics in compensation plan align with long-term shareholder value creation Significant portion of total target annual compensation is at risk Significant portion of total target annual compensation tied to rigorous performance goals Metrics in compensation plan align with strategic priorities and balance top line growth with profitability Relative performance metric was retained in response to shareholder feedback Say on Pay Approval Our ongoing commitment to reviewing and enhancing our executive compensation program has been reflected in strong shareholder support approximately 89% of votes cast at our 2025 Annual Meeting supported our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee believes that these voting results demonstrate strong support for our compensation philosophy and executive compensation program, including changes made in recent years. Executive Compensation Program Structure Over the past two years, the Compensation Committee has made several changes to our executive compensation program in response to feedback from our shareholders, including: Eliminating overlapping metrics by removing the NNACV metric from our Long-Term Incentive Plan Lengthening the Long-Term Incentive Plan performance period to 3 years from 1 year Extending the PRSU vesting period to 3-year cliff vesting from 3-year ratable vesting Committing to not grant any one-time equity awards to any NEO holding a 2021 PSO Award with an ongoing performance period For more detail on these and other changes to our executive compensation program effective for 2025 onward, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 6 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2025 Pay Mix For 2025, the annual pay mix for our CEO and other named executive officers ( NEOs ) consisted of base salary, annual cash incentive and long-term performance-based and time-based equity awards, with a significant amount of compensation at risk and tied to rigorous financial and operational performance targets. The following shows the percentage of this mix based on total target annual compensation: CEO Pay Mix Other NEOs Pay Mix 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Proxy Voting Roadmap Proposal 1: Election of 9 Directors The Board of Directors (the Board ), acting upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee (the Governance Committee ), has nominated nine individuals for election to the Board, consisting of eight currently serving Directors and one new nominee. The nominees represent a slate of directors who have been highly successful executives and bring a differentiated set of skills and experiences to the Board. The Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee for Director. See Page 9 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation ( Say on Pay ) Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and motivate our named executive officers who are critical to our success, with a strong link between pay and performance and an emphasis on long-term performance aligned to our shareholder interests. Over the past two years, the Compensation Committee has made several changes to our executive compensation program in response to feedback from our shareholders to ensure alignment between pay and performance. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See Page 49 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes on Executive Compensation Our Board recommends that shareholders vote ONE YEAR on this matter to continue to hold say on pay votes on executive compensation annually. An annual say on pay vote positions us to regularly solicit timely, direct input from our shareholders on our executive compensation program. The Board recommends a vote of ONE YEAR for this proposal. See Page 102 Proposal 4: Ratify the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 The Audit Committee appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. As a matter of good governance, we are submitting the appointment to our shareholders for ratification. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See Page 103 8 PROXY VOTING ROADMAP Proposal 5: Approval of Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan As we continue to operate in a competitive talent market and as our business requires increasingly specialized skills, an increase in shares under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan is necessary to continue using equity compensation as a broad-based compensation tool for our growing workforce. The Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan will enable us to continue to attract, retain and motivate talented individuals who will help achieve our growth and strategic objectives and benefit all of our shareholders as a result. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See Page 106 Proposal 6: Shareholder Proposal Regarding Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent A shareholder has made a proposal that shareholders be permitted to take action by written consent, in lieu of holding a special meeting to consider and vote on the matter. Matters requiring shareholder approval should be presented to, and voted on, by shareholders at a meeting where all shareholders can participate. A written consent right is unnecessary given the ability of our shareholders holding 15% or more of our outstanding shares for at least one year to call special meetings of shareholders. Our overall corporate governance reflects current best practices and provides shareholders with meaningful rights to communicate their views and ensure Board accountability and responsiveness to shareholders. The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal. See Page 116 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Proposal 1 Election of 9 Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee for Director. Introduction At the recommendation of our Governance Committee, the Board recommends that each of the following nominees be elected to serve for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting and until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier resignation or removal: William R. McDermott Susan L. Bostrom Teresa Briggs Paul E. Chamberlain Lawrence J. Jackson, Jr. Frederic B. Luddy Joseph Larry Quinlan Anita M. Sands Eric S. Yuan Each of these nominees has agreed to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director, if elected. The Board has no reason to believe that any nominee will be unavailable or will decline to serve as a director. If any nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting, the proxy holders may vote for any nominee designated by the Board to fill the vacancy. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Vote Required In an uncontested election of directors, each director nominee will be elected to the Board if the nominee receives more FOR votes than AGAINST votes. Broker non-votes and abstentions will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, when a director is elected or re-elected to the Board, the director is required to submit a letter of resignation that will be effective only upon both (1) the failure to receive the required vote at any annual meeting at which the director is up for re-election and (2) the acceptance of such resignation by the Board. If a current director fails to receive the required vote for re-election, the Governance Committee will decide whether to recommend that the Board accept the director s resignation and the Board will make the final decision. The Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee for Director. 10 Nomination Process and Nominees Nomination Process The Governance Committee leads the Board s annual board and committee evaluation process, which includes an assessment of board and committee composition effectiveness and the alignment of directors skills to oversight responsibilities. Informed by this annual assessment, the Governance Committee oversees the director nomination process and recommends to the Board a slate of candidates, which may include both current and new director nominees, to nominate for election at each annual shareholders meeting. Director Renomination When considering whether to re-nominate current directors, the Governance Committee conducts a comprehensive review of each director s contributions and qualifications in the context of the full Board s composition. The Governance Committee also considers the evolving needs of the Board in light of the Company s strategic priorities and governance standards. Among the factors considered are the following: Independence Experience and skills Annual evaluation Engagement level Meeting attendance Shareholder feedback External commitments New Director Nominees As part of its regular discussions regarding board refreshment, the Governance Committee assists the Board in identifying and evaluating highly qualified candidates to address the Company s strategic needs. Based on the Governance Committee s recommendations, the Board may elect new members to serve until our next annual meeting. A high-level overview of the director nominations process follows. 1 Identify 2 Evaluate 3 Select In identifying director candidates, the Governance Committee considers not only candidates sourced from independent search firms, but also individuals recommended by directors, officers, employees, shareholders and others. Evaluations of candidates generally involve reviewing their background, engaging in internal discussions and conducting interviews to assess their qualifications and alignment with Board needs. Candidates for nomination to our Board are selected by the Board based on the recommendation of the Governance Committee in accordance with the Governance Committee charter, our Charter, our Bylaws, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the criteria adopted by the Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Independence The Board determines the independence of our directors by applying the independence standards established by the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Under those standards, a director is independent only if the board of directors affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the company or any relationship, which, in the opinion of the board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The standards also specify various relationships that preclude a determination of director independence, which may include commercial, industrial, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable, family and other business, professional and personal relationships. Applying these standards, the Board annually reviews the independence of the Company s directors, taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances. In its most recent review, the Board considered, among other things, the relationships that each non-employee director has with the Company and all other facts and circumstances the Board believed were relevant. Based upon this review, the Board determined that all current directors are independent other than our Chairman and CEO, Mr. McDermott, and our founder, Mr. Luddy. Further, all of the Board committees consist entirely of independent directors. Mr. Yuan was recommended as a director nominee by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and non-employee directors. The Board determined that Mr. Yuan does not qualify as independent under NYSE listing standards because he serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Zoom Communications, Inc. where Mr. McDermott also serves as a member of the compensation committee. Board Qualifications The Governance Committee seeks to maintain a board consisting of a group of highly qualified leaders in their respective fields with a variety of perspectives and skills to effectively address our evolving needs, oversee senior management and represent the best long-term interests of our shareholders. To this end, the Governance Committee considers, among other factors, the following criteria to evaluate potential nominees. Professional Background Experience Specific experience, background and education, including operating experience, financial expertise, significant corporate governance experience and expertise, talent management expertise, risk management expertise, global experience, enterprise experience, technology expertise and development experience, and knowledge about our business or industry. Leadership Sustained record of substantial accomplishments and leadership in executive, C-suite, senior-level management, entrepreneurship and/or policy-making positions in finance, law, business, government, education, technology or not-for-profit enterprises, as well as public company board experience. Independence Qualification as independent under NYSE and SEC rules and freedom from actual or perceived conflicts of interest that could interfere with duties as a director, including Board tenure, outside board service and other affiliations. Perspective Contributions to the composition of the Board, including, but not limited to, independence, integrity, perspective, areas of experience and expertise and knowledge about the Company s business or industry. Character Commitment to ethical conduct and integrity, along with the requisite interpersonal skills to work with other directors on the Board and management in ways that are effective and beneficial to the interests of the Company and its shareholders, employees, customers and communities. Time Willingness and ability to devote adequate time and effort to current and future Board and committee responsibilities. Although the Governance Committee uses these criteria, among others, to evaluate current directors and new director candidates, it has not established any minimum criteria. The Governance Committee does not use different standards to evaluate nominees recommended by our directors and management relative to those recommended by shareholders. The Governance Committee considers nominees based on our need to fill vacancies or to expand the Board, and also considers our need to fill particular roles on the Board or committees thereof (e.g., independent director role or an audit committee financial expert). When appropriate, the Governance Committee may retain executive recruitment firms to 12 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES assist it in identifying suitable candidates. Any such recruitment firm is instructed to include a pool of candidates with a wide range of perspectives and experiences. After its evaluation of potential nominees, the Governance Committee recommends its chosen nominees to the Board for approval. For a summary of each of our current directors background, please see section titled Director Nominees . Board Composition Board composition, as described above, is considered in our director nomination process, as we believe it is important for the composition to appropriately reflect the perspectives of the Company, shareholders, workforce, customers and communities. While we have not had a policy with respect to diversity, the Board is committed to actively seeking out individuals who will contribute to its overall range of perspectives for inclusion in the candidate pool. External Commitments As reflected in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board recognizes the importance of external commitments not impairing any director s ability to discharge their responsibilities to effectively serve on the Board. Further, the Board has considered and believes that each person nominated for election at the Annual Meeting has the ability to effectively serve on the Board and to dedicate sufficient time and attention to his or her responsibilities as a member of the Board, taking into consideration each nominee s attendance at meetings of the Board and any committees on which such nominee serves; the number of additional public company boards on which a nominee serves; and the nominee s level of contribution and participation in meetings of the Board and any of its committees. Shareholder Nominations As indicated above, the Governance Committee considers shareholder recommendations for director candidates in the same manner as all other candidates recommended by other sources. A shareholder may recommend a candidate at any time by submitting the recommendation in writing to the Office of the Corporate Secretary at ServiceNow, Inc., 2225 Lawson Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054, Attn: Chief Legal Officer, or by email to ir@servicenow.com . A shareholder or a group of up to 20 shareholders who have owned at least 3% of ServiceNow s outstanding shares continuously for at least three years may submit director candidates for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials. These shareholders may nominate the greater of two directors or 20% of the total number of directors on the Board. Such nominations must comply with the Company s proxy access bylaw provisions. A shareholder also may directly nominate a candidate for election at the next annual meeting by providing advance written notice to ServiceNow to the Office of the Corporate Secretary. This notice must be received not fewer than 90 or more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the previous year s Annual Meeting. The nomination must include all information required under Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including the nominee s written consent to being named in the Proxy Statement and to serve as a director if elected, as well as any additional information specified in our Bylaws. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Nominees Experience and Skills The table below highlights the mix of experience, qualifications and skills of the nominees that, among other factors, led the Board to recommend these nominees for election to the Board. The matrix that follows is intended to depict notable areas of focus for each director. The absence of a designation does not mean a director completely lacks that particular skill or qualification. For additional biographical information on each nominee and continuing director please see section titled Director Nominees . Leadership Governance Senior leadership experience Senior leadership experience at a global public company or other organization focused on technology or with a rapidly evolving business model helps the Board analyze, advise on and oversee the execution of important operational and policy issues. Global operations leadership experience Valuable business and cultural perspective derived from global operations leadership experience helps guide important aspects of our business with a global experience and significant revenues derived outside of the U.S. Public company board experience Directors with public company board experience understand the dynamics and operation of a corporate board, the relationship between the board and the CEO and other senior management, the legal and regulatory landscape, and the importance of effective oversight of strategic, operational and compliance matters. Risk Management Risk management experience Directors with experience in identifying, prioritizing and managing a broad spectrum of risks can help the Board anticipate risks and oversee their management. Financial Financial experience Knowledge of financial markets, financing, accounting and financial reporting processes assists the Board in understanding, advising and overseeing our financial position, results of operations, financial reporting, internal control processes and audit matters. Strategic Significant technical or business experience in software industry Education or experience in relevant technology, including artificial intelligence (AI), is useful for understanding our R D efforts, competing technologies, the products and processes we develop and the market segments in which we compete. Leadership experience at high- growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue Directors with experience leading a high-growth organization provide practical insights on challenges and opportunities we may encounter along our growth trajectory. Multi-product/services or multi-segment company experience Directors with experience leading multi-product/services or multi-segment companies can help provide insight into how to structure our business and navigate and expand our offerings. Knowledge of emerging technologies Directors with experience identifying and developing emerging technologies and architectures are valuable assets to the Board, as new technologies and architectures can rapidly disrupt even the most well-developed strategy. Large scale transformations in key functions Directors with experience in key functions of large scale transformations can help guide our business as it continues to scale and channel the perspective of customers leveraging the Now Platform to achieve their business objectives. M A, debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions Directors with experience in M A (including integrations), debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions provide insight into developing and implementing strategies for methodically growing our business. Non-Corporate Non-profit, education and government Directors with non-profit, education and government experience guide us on opportunities to help our community and identify growth opportunities in these sectors. 14 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Leadership Governance Senior leadership experience Global operations leadership experience Public company board experience Risk Management Risk management experience Financial Financial experience Strategic Significant technical or business experience in software industry Leadership experience at high- growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue Multi-product/services or multi-segment company experience Knowledge of emerging technologies Large scale transformations in key functions M A, debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions Non-Corporate Non-profit, education and government Chamberlain McDermott Jackson Briggs Bostrom Luddy Quinlan Sands Yuan 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Director Nominees William R. McDermott Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. Director since: 2019 Age: 64 Committees: None C urrent public company directorships : Zoom Communications, Inc., a cloud video communications company Figma, Inc., a design software company O ther public company directorships (Past 5 years ): Fisker Inc., an automotive technology company SecureWorks Corp., a provider of intelligence-driven information security solutions Experience: Chairman of the Board of ServiceNow, Inc. (October 2022-Present) Chief Executive Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. (November 2019-Present) President of ServiceNow, Inc. (November 2019-January 2023) Chief Executive Officer of SAP SE ( SAP ), a multinational software company providing enterprise software (May 2014-October 2019) Co-Chief Executive Officer of SAP (2010-2014) Executive Board Member of SAP (2010-October 2019) Chief Executive Officer of SAP America, Inc., SAP (2002-2010) Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Operations of Siebel CRM Systems, Inc. (2001-2002) President of Gartner, Inc. (2000-2001) Education: Mr. McDermott studied Business Management at Dowling College, received his M.B.A. from Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management and completed the Executive Development Program at the Wharton School of Business. Qualifications: The Board believes that Mr. McDermott s management experience and business expertise, including his prior executive-level leadership and experience in scaling companies, as well as his past board service at a number of other publicly-traded technology companies, give him the operational expertise, breadth of knowledge and understanding of our industry that qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. Skills: S enior leadership experience Leadership e xperience at high-growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue m G lobal operations leadership experience M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience Public company board experience K nowledge of emerging technologies R isk management experience L arge scale transformations in key functions F inancial experience M A, debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry 16 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Susan L. Bostrom LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Former Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and Head of Worldwide Government Affairs of Cisco Systems, Inc. Director since: 2014 Age: 65 Committees: Leadership Development and Compensation (Chair) C urrent public company directorships : Gitlab Inc., a software company Samsara Inc., a cloud- based software company O ther public company directorships (Past 5 years ): Nutanix, Inc., an enterprise cloud computing company Cadence Design Systems, Inc., an electronic design software company Experience: Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Worldwide Government Affairs (and other executive positions) at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment provider (1997-2011) Education: Ms. Bostrom holds a B.S. degree in Business from the University of Illinois and an M.B.A. degree from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Qualifications: The Board believes that Ms. Bostrom possesses specific attributes that qualify her to serve as a member of the Board, including her extensive experience and leadership roles in the technology industry, her knowledge of marketing and her experience serving on the boards of directors of other publicly-traded technology companies. Skills: S enior leadership experience Leadership e xperience at high-growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue G lobal operations leadership experience M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience Public company board experience K nowledge of emerging technologies R isk management experience L arge scale transformations in key functions S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry Non-profit, education and government 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Teresa Briggs INDEPENDENT Former Vice Chair West Region Managing Partner of Deloitte LLP; Retired Certified Public Accountant Director since: 2019 Age: 65 Committees: Audit (Chair) C urrent public company directorships : Snowflake Inc., a cloud- data platform company DocuSign, Inc., a provider of electronic signature technology and digital transaction management services Warby Parker Inc., an online retailer O ther public company directorships (Past 5 years ): VG Acquisition Corp, a special purpose acquisition company Experience: Vice Chair West Region Managing Partner at Deloitte LLP (June 2013-August 2019) Board of Directors of Deloitte USA LLP (January 2016-March 2019) Served as San Francisco Managing Partner at Deloitte LLP (2011-2019) Education: Ms. Briggs holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Arizona, Eller College of Management. Qualifications: The Board believes that Ms. Briggs possesses specific attributes that qualify her to serve as a member of the Board, including her deep financial and strategic acumen. Further, Ms. Briggs financial expertise provides her with the necessary skills and experience to perform audit committee functions. Skills: S enior leadership experience M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience Public company board experience K nowledge of emerging technologies R isk management experience L arge scale transformations in key functions F inancial experience M A, debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry Non-profit, education and government Leadership e xperience at high-growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue 18 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Paul E. Chamberlain INDEPENDENT Business Advisor Investor; Former Managing Director and Co-Head of Global Technology Banking of Morgan Stanley Director since: 2016 Age: 62 Committees: Audit; Leadership Development and Compensation C urrent public company directorships : TriNet Group, Inc., a provider of human resources and employee benefits solutions O ther public company directorships (Past 5 years ): Veeva Systems Inc., a provider of life sciences cloud software Other leadership service: Chair of the Strategic Advisory Committee, JobTrain, a vocational and life skills training group focused on the neediest in the Silicon Valley community Adjunct Lecturer, Bendheim Center for Finance, Princeton University Experience: President and Chief Executive Officer of PEC Ventures, LLC, which invests in and advises high-growth companies in the technology, health care and professional services sectors (2015-Present) Managing Director (and various senior roles) at Morgan Stanley Co. (1990-2015) Education: Mr. Chamberlain holds a B.A. degree in History, magna cum laude, from Princeton University and received an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School. Qualifications: The Board believes that Mr. Chamberlain s track record in technology investment banking, his work in technology company investing and his expertise in advising on strategic transactions, as well as his board service at other publicly-traded technology companies, give him the breadth of knowledge and valuable understanding of our industry that qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. Further, Mr. Chamberlain s financial expertise provides him with the necessary skills and experience to perform audit and compensation committee functions. Skills: S enior leadership experience S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry G lobal operations leadership experience M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience Public company board experience K nowledge of emerging technologies R isk management experience M A, debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions F inancial experience Non-profit, education and government 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Lawrence J. Jackson, Jr. INDEPENDENT Founder and Chief Executive Officer, gamma; Former Global Creative Director, Apple Music of Apple Inc. Director since: 2020 Age: 45 Committees: Nominating and Governance Other leadership service: Board of Directors, UCLA Hammer Museum Experience: Founder and CEO, gamma, a multimedia content creation, distribution and direct-to- consumer enterprise (2022-Present) Global Creative Director, Apple Music at Apple Inc., a designer and manufacturer of electronic devices and related software and services (2014-2022) Chief Content Officer at Beats Music (2014) Executive VP, Interscope Geffen A M at Universal Music Group, a subsidiary of Vivendi S.A., a French multinational media and telecommunications company (2011-2014) President at A R Arista Records (and various positions) at Sony Music (2000-2010) Qualifications: The Board believes that Mr. Jackson s extensive consumer experience, innovative mindset and experience launching and overseeing successful consumer services bring unique dimensions to the Board and give him the appropriate set of skills that qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. Skills: S enior leadership experience K nowledge of emerging technologies G lobal operations leadership experience L arge scale transformations in key functions Leadership e xperience at high-growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue Non-profit, education and government M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience 20 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Frederic B. Luddy Founder and Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Product Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. Director since: 2004 Age: 71 Committees: None Other leadership service: Board of Trustees, AI Working Group, Salk Institute of Biological Studies Experience: Chairman of the Board of ServiceNow, Inc. (April 2018-October 2022) Chief Product Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. (2011-2016) President and Chief Executive Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. (2004-2011) Founder of ServiceNow, Inc. (2004) Chief Technology Officer of Peregrine Systems, Inc., an enterprise software company Founder of Enterprise Software Associates, a software company Boole and Babbage, Inc., a software company Software Developer at Amdahl Corporation, an information technology company Qualifications: The Board believes Mr. Luddy s experience as the founder of ServiceNow, his knowledge of software and the software industry, as well his executive level experience and expertise in software and hardware development give him the breadth of knowledge and leadership capabilities that qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. Skills: S enior leadership experience M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience G lobal operations leadership experience K nowledge of emerging technologies S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry Non-profit, education and government 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Joseph Larry Quinlan INDEPENDENT Former Global Chief Information Officer of Deloitte LLP Director since: 2021 Age: 63 Committees: Audit C urrent public company directorships : Jones Lang LaSalle, a real estate company Booking Holdings Inc., a travel technology company Other leadership service: Board of Directors, Adrienne Arsht Center for Performing Arts Trust Board of Directors, American Foundation for the University of The West Indies Emeritus Board of Directors, NPower Board of Directors, National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Florida Chapter Board of Directors, United Way of Miami Experience: Global Chief Information Officer of Deloitte, LLP ( Deloitte ) (February 2010-June 2021) Various roles at Deloitte, including US Firms CIO and National Managing Principal for Process Excellence (1998-2010) Education: Mr. Quinlan holds an M.B.A. degree from Baruch College, City University of New York and a B.S. degree in Industrial Management from the University of the West Indies. Qualifications: The Board believes that Mr. Quinlan s extensive management and business experience, including serving as a chief information officer, at a global consulting and accounting firm with many publicly-traded technology company clients gives him the appropriate set of skills that qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. Skills: S enior leadership experience Leadership e xperience at high-growth organization with $10+ billion annual revenue G lobal operations leadership experience M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience Public company board experience K nowledge of emerging technologies R isk management experience L arge scale transformations in key functions S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry Non-profit, education and government 22 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Anita M. Sands INDEPENDENT Vice Chair and Head of Growth at General Catalyst Director since: 2014 Age: 49 Committees: Leadership Development and Compensation; Nominating and Governance (Chair) C urrent public company directorships : Nu Holdings Ltd., a digital banking company O ther public company directorships (Past 5 years ): Pure Storage, Inc., a provider of enterprise flash storage solutions iStar, Inc., a New York based real estate development company Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. II, a special purpose acquisition company Experience: Vice Chair and Head of Growth at General Catalyst (January 2026-Present) Venture Partner at New Enterprise Associates, a venture capital firm (2022) Group Managing Director, Head of Change Leadership and a member of the Wealth Management Americas Executive Committee of UBS Financial Services, a global financial services firm (2012-2013) Group Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of UBS Wealth Management Americas at UBS Financial Services ( UBS ) (2010-2012) Transformation Consultant, UBS Wealth Management Americas at UBS (2009-2010) Managing Director, Head of Transformation Management at Citigroup N.A.'s Global Operations and Technology organization, Citigroup Inc. (2008-2009) SVP Innovation and Process Design at RBC Financial Group (2006-2008) Education: Ms. Sands holds a B.S. degree in Physics and Applied Mathematics from The Queen's University of Belfast, Northern Ireland, a Ph.D. degree in Atomic and Molecular Physics from The Queen's University of Belfast, Northern Ireland and an M.S. degree in Public Policy and Management from Carnegie Mellon University. Qualifications: The Board believes that Ms. Sands possesses specific attributes that qualify her to serve as a member of our Board, including her extensive experience and leadership roles in the financial services industry and her experience on the boards of directors of other publicly-traded technology companies. Skills: S enior leadership experience S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry G lobal operations leadership experience K nowledge of emerging technologies Public company board experience L arge scale transformations in key functions R isk management experience Non-profit, education and government 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 NOMINATION PROCESS AND NOMINEES Eric S. Yuan Founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zoom Communications, Inc. Director Nominee Age: 56 Committees: None. C urrent public company directorships : Zoom Communications, Inc., a communications technology company Intuit, Inc., a technology company Experience: Founder, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zoom Communications, Inc. (June 2011 Present) Corporate Vice President of Engineering at Cisco Systems, Inc., a multinational technology company (May 2007 June 2011) Various roles, most recently Vice President of Engineering, at WebEx Communications, Inc., an internet company (August 1997 May 2007) Education: Mr. Yuan holds a Bachelor's degree in Applied Math from Shandong University of Science and Technology and a Master's degree in Engineering from China University of Mining and Technology. Qualifications: The Board believes that Mr. Yuan s experience founding and scaling a major enterprise communications technology company, and his deep technical and engineering expertise in the software industry qualify him to serve as a member of our Board. Further, Mr. Yuan's public company leadership experience and service on the boards of other publicly-traded technology companies provide him with a valuable perspective on corporate governance and strategic oversight. Skills: S enior leadership experience S ignificant technical or business experience in software industry G lobal operations leadership experience M ulti-product/services or multi-segment company experience Public company board experience K nowledge of emerging technologies R isk management experience L arge scale transformations in key functions F inancial experience M A, debt and equity financings and other strategic transactions 24 Board and Corporate Governance Matters We are committed to strong corporate governance. Our governance practices provide an important framework within which the Board and management can advance our strategic priorities. Corporate Governance Highlights Robust Board Oversight and Structure Close Alignment with Shareholder Interests 100% Independent Committee Members Strong Lead Independent Director Regular Executive Sessions of Independent Directors Comprehensive Board Risk Oversight Governance Committee Oversight of Corporate Sustainability Matters Audit Committee Oversight of Cybersecurity Programs Rigorous Director Selection Process Board with Broad Range of Experiences and Perspectives Ongoing Robust Shareholder Engagement Program Performance-Based Incentives Tied to Shareholder Interests Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors and Executive Officers Majority Voting Standard for Directors with Resignation Policy Proxy Access Bylaws (3/3/20/20) Detailed Disclosure of Individual Directors Skills Annual Say on Pay Vote Accountable Board and Executive Officers Safeguards Significant Portion of Compensation At-Risk for Our CEO and Executive Officers Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluation Formal CEO Evaluation Process Annual Executive Compensation Review Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging Multi-Year Vesting Requirements for all Equity Awards No Section 280G Tax Gross-Ups Clawback Policy No Pension Plan 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Board Leadership Structure William R. McDermott Susan L. Bostrom Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Lead Independent Director Committee Chairs Teresa Briggs Susan L. Bostrom Anita M. Sands Audit Leadership Development and Compensation Nominating and Governance Chairman of the Board The Board has flexibility to determine the appropriate leadership structure that best fits the Company s circumstances and provides strong independent oversight. The Board reviews and evaluates the Board s leadership structure at least annually. Our Board leadership structure is among the topics discussed during the Company s shareholder engagement, and feedback received from shareholders is considered by the Board when determining the appropriate leadership structure. The Board does not have a fixed policy on whether the roles of Chairman and CEO should be separated or combined. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if the positions of Chairman and CEO are held by the same person, the independent directors will select a Lead Independent Director. The Board believes that a combined Chairman and CEO, along with a strong and empowered Lead Independent Director, is the best structure to appropriately and effectively allocate authority, responsibility and oversight between management and the independent members of the Board. This structure gives our Chairman and CEO primary responsibility for the operational leadership and strategic direction of the Company, while enabling the Lead Independent Director to facilitate independent Board oversight of management, promote communication between management and the Board and support the Board s consideration of key governance matters. The Board believes that a leadership structure with Mr. McDermott serving as Chairman and CEO provides the Company with, among other things: An experienced senior leader who serves as a primary liaison between the Board and management and as the primary public face of the Company; A clear and unified strategic vision to become the Defining AI Enterprise Software Company of the 21 st Century; Strong and effective leadership, particularly in the context of macroeconomic challenges facing our industry; Flexibility in long-term succession planning; A knowledgeable resource for independent directors both at and between Board meetings given his extensive day-to-day knowledge of all aspects of our current business, operations and risks; and The ability to bring pressing issues before the independent directors expeditiously. Any changes in the combination or separation of the Chairman and CEO positions would be announced promptly by the Company. 26 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Lead Independent Director The Lead Independent Director is appointed by the independent directors to provide an effective independent voice in Board leadership structure. Ms. Bostrom currently serves as our Lead Independent Director, a role she has held since May 2024. Since joining the Board in 2014, Ms. Bostrom has worked closely with her fellow directors, including as former Chair of the Governance Committee and current Chair of the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee ). She is deeply trusted in the boardroom and is well positioned to guide the Board in its independent oversight of the Company s strategy and risk management. With extensive leadership experience in the technology industry and service on the boards of other publicly-traded technology companies, Ms. Bostrom brings valuable insights to the Board. Her tenure as a ServiceNow director gives her a unique perspective on the Company s evolving business and risk landscape, enabling her to provide effective independent oversight, strategic guidance to senior management, and enhancements to the Board s deliberative process. The responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director include: presiding at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman and CEO is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors; approving meeting agendas and meeting schedules for the Board; encouraging direct dialogue between the directors and management; facilitating discussion and open dialogue among the independent directors; serving as a liaison between the Chairman and CEO and the independent directors; disseminating information, decisions, suggestions, views or concerns expressed by independent directors to the Chairman and CEO, the rest of the Board and management; providing leadership to the Board if circumstances arise in which the roles of CEO and Chairman may be, or may be perceived to be, in conflict; participating in the Board s assessment of risks and management s (including the CEO s) approach to addressing those risks; leading annual performance review process for the CEO and succession planning process for CEO and other executive officers; guiding our outreach to shareholders, meeting with those shareholders and representing the Board in communications with shareholders; participating in the process to retain and onboard new executive officers; participating in discussions regarding the appropriate Board structure; and performing such other functions and responsibilities as requested by the Board from time to time. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Board Committees The Board has established the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Governance Committee. The composition and responsibilities of each committee, each of which consists entirely of independent directors, are described on the following pages. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by the Board. Audit Committee Our Audit Committee assists the Board in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with our legal and policy obligations. The Audit Committee is currently composed of Ms. Briggs, who is the Chair, and Messrs. Chamberlain and Quinlan. The composition of our Audit Committee meets the NYSE and SEC independence requirements. Each member of our Audit Committee is financially literate as required by NYSE. In addition, the Board has determined that each of Ms. Briggs and Mr. Chamberlain is an audit committee financial expert as defined in Regulation S-K Item 407(d)(5)(ii). This designation does not impose on Ms. Briggs or Mr. Chamberlain any duties, obligations or liabilities greater than those imposed generally on any other member of our Audit Committee or Board. Ms. Briggs currently serves on the audit committees of three other public companies. The Board has determined that such simultaneous service does not impair the ability of Ms. Briggs to effectively serve as a member of our Audit Committee. Audit Committee Meetings in 2025: 4 2025 Members: Teresa Briggs (Chair) Jonathan C. Chadwick* Paul E. Chamberlain Joseph Larry Quinlan Independent/ financially literate Each member is independent and financially literate. A udit committee financial experts Teresa Briggs Jonathan C. Chadwick* Paul E. Chamberlain P rincipal responsibilities : appoint an independent registered public accounting firm to examine our accounts, controls and financial statements; assess the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, performance and independence annually; review the audit planning, scope and staffing of the independent registered public accounting firm and pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit related services provided to us by the independent registered public accounting firm; oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes and review with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our interim and year-end operating results and the associated quarterly reviews and annual audit results; oversee our internal audit function, including internal audit staffing, the annual internal audit plan and audit procedures and reports issued; review the integrity, adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and financial reporting processes, systems of internal control, and disclosure controls and procedures, including processes, procedures and validation surrounding our corporate sustainability disclosures at least annually; oversee the Company's cybersecurity program, including receiving regular updates from management on cybersecurity risk resulting from risk assessments, risk reduction initiatives and relevant cybersecurity incidents; oversee the effectiveness of our program for compliance with laws and regulations and periodically review our compliance program with the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (who reports to the Chief Legal Officer); review the Company's compliance with the rules and regulations relating to the governance of AI; review and monitor our enterprise risk management programs; review with management our policies and processes for tax planning and compliance; establish and oversee procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or audit matters; and review with management our investment philosophy and policies, allocation and performance of our investment portfolio, management of investment risk, policies and procedures to comply with laws and regulations pertinent to our investment portfolio, and foreign exchange risk management. * Mr. Chadwick is not standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. 28 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee assists the Board in overseeing our executive compensation practices, our general employee compensation and benefit plans and our leadership development programs. The Compensation Committee is composed of Mses. Bostrom, who is the Chair, and Sands and Mr. Chamberlain. The composition of our Compensation Committee meets NYSE and SEC independence requirements. Each member of the Compensation Committee is a non- employee director, as defined by Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The purpose of our Compensation Committee is to discharge the responsibilities of the Board relating to the compensation of our executive officers. Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 2025 Members: Susan L. Bostrom (Chair) Paul E. Chamberlain Anita M. Sands Independent Each member is independent. P rincipal responsibilities : review and approve, or recommend to the Board for approval, the compensation of our executive officers, including our CEO; review and approve, or recommend to the Board for approval, the terms of any material agreements with our executive officers; administer our cash-based and equity-based compensation plans; recommend to the Board, for determination by the Board, the form and amount of cash-based and equity-based compensation to be paid or awarded to our non-employee directors; review and approve stock ownership guidelines applicable to non-employee directors and executive officers; consider the results of the most recent shareholder vote on executive compensation and feedback received from shareholders and, if appropriate, adjust, or make recommendations to the Board to adjust our compensation practices for our executive officers; review and discuss the Company s Compensation Discussion and Analysis and related disclosures; review with management the Company s major compensation-related risk exposures, if applicable, and the steps management has taken to monitor or mitigate such exposures; and review and discuss with management key aspects of the Company s strategies, practices and programs relating to human capital management. As the Chair of the Compensation Committee, Ms. Bostrom personally meets with shareholders, together with the Company s management, to discuss our compensation programs, understand shareholder perspectives and share those perspectives with the Compensation Committee and the full Board. These engagements and the views of our shareholders contribute to the continuous refinement of our compensation programs to better balance the need to attract, motivate and retain top executive talent and our shareholders interest in ensuring that compensation is closely aligned with long-term performance and creation of long-term shareholder value. At least annually, our Compensation Committee reviews and approves our executive compensation strategy and principles to confirm they are aligned with our business purpose and strategy, as well as shareholder interests. The Compensation Committee has the sole authority, subject to any approval by the Board that the Compensation Committee or legal counsel determines to be desirable or required by applicable law or NYSE rules, to make decisions regarding all aspects of compensation packages for executive officers. The Compensation Committee also makes recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation of non-employee directors. Under its charter, our Compensation Committee has the authority to retain outside counsel or other advisors. Consistent with that authority the Compensation Committee engaged Pay Governance, LLC ( Pay Governance ) as an independent compensation consultant to evaluate our executive compensation levels and practices and to provide advice and ongoing recommendations on executive compensation matters. The Compensation Committee retains and does not delegate any of its power to determine all matters of compensation and benefits for our executive officers. Pay Governance representatives meet informally with the Chair of our Compensation Committee and formally with our Compensation Committee during its regular meetings, including in executive sessions from time to time without management present. Pay Governance works directly with our Compensation Committee (and not on behalf of management) to assist our Compensation Committee in satisfying its responsibilities and will not undertake projects for management without our Compensation Committee s approval. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS With the assistance of Pay Governance, our Compensation Committee reviews executive officer compensation, including base salary levels, and the target levels for variable cash and any equity incentive awards. In connection with this review, our Compensation Committee considers any input that it may receive from our CEO (with respect to executive officers other than himself) to evaluate the performance of each executive officer and set each executive officer s total target cash and equity compensation for the current year. Our CEO does not participate in the deliberations regarding the setting of his own compensation other than those establishing, in consultation with our Compensation Committee, our performance objectives for all executive officer participants under our performance-based incentive plans. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2025 , our Compensation Committee members were Mses. Bostrom and Sands and Mr. Chamberlain, none of whom have served as an officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or have had or have any relationships with the Company required to be disclosed by Regulation S-K Item 404. In addition, none of our executive officers has served as a member of the board of directors, or as a member of the compensation or similar committee, of any entity that has one or more executive officers who served on our Board or Compensation Committee during 2025 . Nominating and Governance Committee Our Governance Committee assists the Board in overseeing our corporate governance practices and developing the Board to meet the needs of our shareholders. The Governance Committee is composed of Ms. Sands, who is the Chair, and Mr. Jackson. The composition of our Governance Committee meets the NYSE and SEC independence requirements. Nominating and Governance Committee Meetings in 2025: 4 2025 Members: Anita M. Sands (Chair) Lawrence Jackson Independent Each member is independent. P rincipal responsibilities : develop and recommend policies regarding the director nomination processes; determine the desired qualifications, expertise and characteristics of Board members, with the goal of developing an experienced and highly qualified Board; identify and recruit qualified candidates for Board membership to fill new or vacant positions on the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board; consider nominations properly submitted by our shareholders in accordance with procedures set forth in our Bylaws or determined by the Governance Committee; recommend to the Board for selection all nominees to become members of the Board by appointment or to be proposed by the Board for election by our shareholders; oversee the Company's human-centric AI governance guidelines and other AI policies; oversee shareholder engagement, including procedures for shareholder communications with members of the Board and reviewing shareholder proposals; oversee and review with management at least annually our major corporate sustainability activities, programs and public disclosures, including in light of any feedback received from shareholders; develop and recommend to the Board the Code of Ethics for employees and directors and consider waivers of such codes for executive officers and directors; oversee political contributions and industry association memberships as provided under the Company s Policy on Corporate Political Contributions and Industry Associations; review, assess and consider evolving corporate governance best practices and develop and maintain a set of corporate governance guidelines that may be recommended to the Board for approval or modification, as appropriate; consider and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Board s leadership structure; and oversee the evaluation of the Board on an annual basis and, if appropriate, make recommendations to the Board for improvements in the Board s operations, committee member qualifications, committee member appointment and removal, and committee structure and operations. Copies of the committee charters are available, without charge, upon request in writing to ServiceNow, Inc., 2225 Lawson Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054, Attn: Chief Legal Officer or online at investors.servicenow.com . 30 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Board s Role in Corporate Oversight The Board oversees, counsels and directs management in the long-term interests of the Company and our shareholders. Key areas of Board oversight include: Strategy Risk Governance Human Capital Strategic Oversight The Board actively oversees ServiceNow s long-term business strategy and strategic priorities, helping to maintain alignment with the Company s core values and long-term shareholder value. Through close collaboration with senior management, the Board regularly reviews key business areas, including strategic and operational priorities, the competitive landscape, market challenges, economic trends and regulatory developments. The Board provides oversight and guidance to management to maintain effective execution of business strategies that adapt to evolving market conditions, including in the following ways: Participates in an annual strategy offsite Reviews and approves annually the ServiceNow operating plan Examines quarterly strategic and financial updates Engages regularly with senior management on critical business matters that tie to our overall strategy Risk Oversight The Board is responsible for overseeing our risk management program. The Board administers this oversight function both directly and through its standing Board committees. At least annually, the Board reviews with management the enterprise risk profile of the Company, noting the highest areas of risk and the controls in place to mitigate those risks on an enterprise-wide basis. Risks are assessed and prioritized according to the level of risk that persists after accounting for mitigating factors in place to reduce the risk. The Board believes that the most significant risks the Company faces are properly overseen by the full Board and, as appropriate, one or more of its standing committees, and, therefore, the Board has not established a stand-alone risk committee. The Board and its committees have full access to management and the ability to engage advisors as needed. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS The risks noted below do not represent a complete list of every enterprise risk that is from time to time considered by the Board and its committees. For more information on risks that affect our business, please refer to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. Board of Directors Executes its oversight responsibilities through its review of the Company s annual enterprise risk assessment; delegation of specific oversight duties to the Board committees; periodic briefings and informational sessions from management; and periodic briefings and information sessions from outside experts on specific areas of risk including, among others, risk associated with cybersecurity and AI. Audit Committee Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Oversees enterprise risk management, internal audit function, cybersecurity program, and controls over financial reporting, as well as reviews financial statements, monitors compliance with laws and regulations, and reviews processes, procedures and validation surrounding corporate sustainability disclosures. Oversees overall compensation strategy, compliance with compensation regulatory requirements and assesses human capital management risks. Oversees Board refreshment and leadership structure, effectiveness of our governance framework, compliance with Code of Ethics and annual Board evaluation, as well as oversees and regularly reviews corporate sustainability activities, programs, risks and related SEC reporting disclosures, and political contributions and industry association memberships. Management Responsible for maintaining a strong risk management culture, for managing and overseeing risk identification and risk controls, and for mapping risks to Company strategy and periodically updating the Board on progress of its risk oversight activities. Management conducts a comprehensive risk assessment at least annually in which it identifies the most significant existing risks, as well as new and emerging risks, and the controls in place to mitigate those risks, and it reports this information to the Board at least annually. In addition, management supports its risk management responsibilities through, among other means, management committees such as the Data Ethics Council and Risk and Compliance Steering Committee. 32 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Select Oversight Areas Enterprise Risk Management The Audit Committee reviews overall risk exposures as presented to the full Board, considers input from external advisors to assess and oversee identification and management of risks, and reviews allocation of responsibilities between the Board and management. In addition, the Audit Committee, at least twice a year, discusses with management risks and steps management has taken to monitor, control and mitigate exposures. The Audit Committee also reviews periodic and/or annual reports on a quarterly basis to assess whether they include comprehensive disclosure of risk factors, known trends and uncertainties. Internal Audit The Audit Committee oversees the internal audit function, receiving quarterly status reports and annual internal plan reviews, and on a regular basis, meets separately with the head of the internal audit function to discuss any issues warranting additional attention. Compensation Strategy The Compensation Committee annually reviews and determines executive and non- employee director compensation, reviews and approves executive goals and objectives, reviews and administers cash, equity incentive and benefits plans and reviews and approves the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in the annual proxy statement. In addition, the Compensation Committee assesses and monitors whether compensation policies and programs have the potential to encourage excessive or inappropriate risk-taking, as more fully described below in the section titled Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Policies and Practices Compensation Risk Assessment. Sustainability The Board oversees our corporate sustainability strategy developed and implemented by our senior leadership team. The Governance Committee reviews and discusses with management the Company s corporate sustainability program, initiatives and progress against goals at least annually. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management at least annually risks related to corporate sustainability, the regulatory environment and associated reporting requirements, as well as the controls and procedures supporting the Company s corporate sustainability disclosures. Human Capital Management The Compensation Committee annually reviews executive officer goals and objectives, including attrition levels, internal pay equity, and talent management and development, culture and employee engagement. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Cybersecurity Oversight The Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees cybersecurity risk management. They receive regular reports from management about the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of material information security risks, including cybersecurity incidents and vulnerabilities. Our Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity program and receives regular updates from management on cybersecurity risk resulting from risk assessments, progress of risk reduction initiatives, third-party compliance certifications, control maturity assessments, and relevant ServiceNow, customer and industry cybersecurity incidents. The Company s security framework is aligned with the International Organization for Standardization 27001 Series (an internationally recognized standard for information security management systems) or a substantially equivalent standard. Cybersecurity Governance Highlights To enhance cybersecurity awareness, we provide employees with annual privacy and security training on detecting and responding to cybersecurity threats. We also engage consultants and external auditors for regular assessments of our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices, including information security maturity assessments, audits and independent reviews of our control environment. Our dedicated Security Steering Committee meets periodically to review security performance metrics, identify risks and assess the progress of approved security enhancements. The committee also makes recommendations on security policies and procedures, security service requirements and risk mitigation strategies to support alignment across the Company. 34 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS AI Governance Oversight The Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee and Governance Committee, is responsible for overseeing ServiceNow s AI Governance program, which focuses on the responsible development and use of AI in our products and services and in third-party technologies we use internally. In fulfilling this oversight role, the Board regularly reviews and discusses AI-related matters and receives educational materials on relevant AI topics. The Audit Committee regularly conducts in-depth reviews of AI governance matters, including product development practices and compliance requirements, and the Governance Committee oversees AI policies and governance frameworks. Members of the Board also participate in the company-wide AI assessment and education program offered to employees that covers AI governance and attend AI and technology-focused conferences and programs designed for directors. The AI governance framework overseen by the Board is built on transparency, compliance and ethical AI principles, supported by comprehensive policies, standard operating procedures and training programs. Our AI policies and guidelines set clear governance standards informed by key regulations and frameworks, while our standard operating procedures are designed to help ensure consistency, compliance and ethical AI use across operations. We provide internal governance resources to guide teams in implementing AI best practices and customer-facing materials to transparently communicate our AI governance approach. Additionally, our Responsible AI training is designed to equip employees with the knowledge needed to develop, deploy, and use AI ethically and in alignment with our governance standards. Through these initiatives, we maintain a strong governance framework that drives responsible AI innovation and accountability. AI Governance Highlights AI Governance Structure We have a comprehensive set of AI governance policies and standard operating procedures, including an Enterprise Artificial Intelligence Governance Policy that provides for effective AI governance through executive sponsorship and oversight by a steering committee composed of executive leadership, overseeing product and development operations, including risk management across the product lifecycle, promoting accountability and governance, and engaging with experts and the AI community to continually refine governance frameworks and best practices. We maintain cross-functional AI workstreams composed of representatives from legal, product, risk, data governance, AI research, user experience and engineering, serving as the central hub for AI governance, driving strategic planning and cross- functional collaboration. We have published a set of AI guidelines informed by key regulations and frameworks, including the European Union AI Act and National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework. These guidelines outline our commitment to developing human-centered, transparent and accountable AI products while promoting responsible practices. Board of Directors Audit Committee Governance Committee Executive Sponsorship Steering Committee Core Leadership AI Workstreams 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Director Engagement Board and Committee Meetings and Attendance The Board meets periodically during the year to review significant developments affecting us and to act on matters requiring Board approval. Directors are invited and encouraged to attend our shareholder meetings. Eight of our then- serving directors attended our 2025 Annual Meeting. Number of Committee Meetings in 2025 4 Audit 5 Leadership Development and Compensation 4 Nominating and Governance In 2025, there were a total of seven Board meetings. Except for Mr. Chadwick, each current member of the Board participated in at least 75% of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board and of the committees on which such member served during the period the director served as a Board member in 2025. Executive Sessions of the Board The non-employee directors meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions without management to promote open and honest discussion. Our Lead Independent Director presides at these meetings. Director Orientation and Continuing Education Our directors are expected to stay informed on issues affecting ServiceNow, our industry, and their general responsibilities as directors. The Board encourages directors to participate annually in continuing education programs, which are offered through Board meetings, discussions, and dedicated information sessions outside of meetings. New directors participate in orientation programs to familiarize themselves with our business, strategy and policies, helping them deepen their understanding of our business and our industry and maximize their contributions to the Board. Additionally, directors have access to further orientation and educational opportunities when assuming new or expanded roles on the Board or its committees. The Company s management and the Board have also created educational opportunities focused on the Company s business and relevant issues to facilitate a more detailed understanding of the issues the Company faces. 36 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Board and Committee Evaluations Each year, the Governance Committee leads the Board s annual evaluation of Board performance to assess whether the Board, its committees and individual directors are working effectively, and to provide an opportunity to reflect upon and improve processes and effectiveness. The evaluation process encourages candid feedback on the Board s performance, both as a whole and at the committee and individual director levels. Directors provide input through anonymous assessments, which may be conducted via written or oral questionnaires facilitated internally or by an external advisor. The findings are then reviewed in Board and committee discussions, with any necessary actions identified and implemented in collaboration with management . 1 2 Certain Topics Covered In 2025 Board and committee structure and composition Skills and qualifications of individual directors Board dynamics and culture Board and management roles and communication Succession planning and retention of key personnel Determine Self- Evaluation Format The self-evaluation may be in the form of written or oral questionnaires administered by Board members, management or third parties. Evaluation The evaluations solicit anonymous input from directors on the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees, and individual directors. 4 3 Certain Actions Taken Evolve succession planning and retention strategies for key personnel Streamline Board and management communication process Enhance flow of meetings Evaluate skill sets represented on the Board Feedback Incorporated and, where appropriate, addressed with management. Summary, Review and Discussion Input received from the formal self-evaluation is discussed during Board and committee meetings and, where appropriate, addressed with management. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Succession Planning CEO and Management Succession Planning Succession planning for our CEO and other executive officers is a key part of the Board s annual review of human capital management. While we believe we have the right management team in place for now and the future, we also believe it is important to always be developing the next generation of leaders for the Company. For that reason, each year the Board, working with our CEO and Chief People Officer, undertake a thorough review of the succession plans for each of our executive officers. For each position, the Board considers whether there is a potential successor who could immediately step into a role, whether there is an individual who could develop into the role or whether the Company would have to look to outside talent for a successor. For the individuals identified as successors, the Company creates a development plan to help the person grow as a leader over time. The Board and management strive to create growth opportunities for those individuals both to continue their development as leaders and to promote retention. The Company s executive management undertakes a similar succession planning exercise for their own direct reports. Additionally, in the event of an emergency or the retirement of a member of the Company s senior management, the independent directors, in consultation with the CEO, assess management needs and evaluate the abilities of potential successors to maintain leadership continuity. Board Refreshment and Leadership Structure The Board is committed to maintaining strategic alignment and effective oversight by taking steps to ensure its composition, leadership and succession planning support the Company s long-term success. The Board regularly evaluates its size and composition, balancing fresh perspectives with institutional knowledge while considering tenure, leadership transitions, and Board skills in light of the needs of the Board at the time, among other considerations. The Board also periodically rotates committee chairs and membership and regularly assesses its leadership structure, including the roles of the Chairman, Lead Independent Director, and committee leadership, to strengthen governance and oversight. Through these efforts, the Board remains dynamic, strategically focused, and well-positioned to guide the Company forward. 38 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Shareholder Engagement We are Committed to Robust Shareholder Engagement We actively engage with shareholders at least twice a year to better understand their priorities and perspectives on significant issues, including Company strategy and performance, corporate governance, executive compensation, sustainability matters and other topics. Our outreach efforts are led by our Compensation Committee Chai r, Susan L. Bostrom, and Global People, Investor R elations and Legal teams. In connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting and through early 2026, we undertook significant engagement and, in some instances, met multiple times with the same investors. Our Compensation Committee Chair participated in a portion of these meetings. Full-Year Shareholder Engagement We contacted 56% of our outstanding shares We engaged 43% of our outstanding shares In addition, our comprehensive shareholder engagement program is supplemented by our Investor Relations team, frequently along with our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, engaging with our shareholders throughout the year through quarterly earnings calls, investor conferences, user-group meetings and product- an d customer-related co mmunications. We also use multiple communication channels to interact with our retail shareholders, such as our Annual Report and periodic updates to our website. Shareholder Engagement Cycle We Follow a Comprehensive Engagement Plan Summer Assess Annual Meeting results to determine next steps, and prioritize post Annual Meeting shareholder engagement focus areas Fall/Winter Hold off-season shareholder engagement to solicit feedback and report to the Board, Compensation Committee and Governance Committee Incorporate input from shareholder meetings into Annual Meeting planning Spring Publish our Proxy Statement and Annual Report Conduct our Annual Meeting shareholder engagement to seek feedback 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 39 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS What We Heard During Shareholder Engagement During our recent conversations with shareholders, we gained meaningful perspectives on the issues they prioritize. These conversations reinforce the importance of maintaining an open dialogue with shareholders to better understand their priorities as we work to drive long-term value. What We Heard During Engagement Our Perspective/How We Responded Strategy AI and M A strategy and oversight. Questions regarding our AI and M A strategy, including the Board s oversight, and how we intend to advance our competitive position AI: We discussed the Board and its committees oversight of AI, as well as our management committees, such as our AI Steering Committee and have provided additional information on our Board s approach to AI oversight in this Proxy Statement. We also provided an overview of our AI strategy, emphasizing how we leverage AI responsibly to drive innovation, enhance efficiency and strengthen our competitive position. M A: We discussed the Board s oversight role in M A, our disciplined M A strategy and the rationale for recently announced acquisitions. Corporate Governance Board refreshment. Questions regarding potential refreshment and skills/areas for refreshment We discussed our ongoing evaluation of Board candidates to support our strategy, emphasizing the importance of having the right skills and expertise on the Board to advance and oversee Company strategy. Executive Compensation Compensation design. Generally pleased with program changes that were fully implemented in 2025, which were viewed as significant and responsive to shareholder feedback We discussed shareholders general satisfaction with the Company s executive compensation program, including recent enhancements to our compensation program, and their consistently positive feedback on the quality of our disclosures. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary for additional information about responsive changes to our executive compensation program. Culture and Talent Employee Engagement. Questions about our employee engagement and how we measure engagement as well as our ability to attract and retain employees Succession Planning. Questions about leadership succession planning and development of potential successors We provided insights into our approach to measuring employee engagement through our annual employee voice survey and highlighted our commitment to fostering a strong workplace culture. See Succession Planning for additional information about CEO and management succession planning. 40 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Other Governance Policies and Practices Transactions with Related Parties Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions We have a written Related Party Transactions Policy that requires review and approval of all relationships and transactions exceeding $120,000 in which the Company is a participant and in which a related person (including any director, director nominee, executive officer or greater than 5% beneficial owner of our common stock or any immediate family member of the foregoing) has a direct or indirect material interest. In determining whether to approve or ratify such transactions, our Audit Committee considers the relevant and available facts and circumstances, including, for example, the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction, the material facts of the transaction, the aggregate value of such transaction and whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than those generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances. Related Party Transactions. The Company engaged Jeff Miller, a former director, to serve as Chancellor Emeritus of ServiceNow University for one year in exchange for $365,000 in cash compensation. ServiceNow University is our free learning hub, open to organizations and individuals throughout the ServiceNow ecosystem, that provides professional development tools and resources to strengthen technical AI skills, industry knowledge and leadership capabilities. The daughter of our executive officer, Mr. Fipps, accepted an offer of employment with the Company to start later this year. Her annual compensation, which will exceed $120,000, is commensurate with the compensation of her peers and has been established in accordance with the Company s compensation practices applicable to employees with equivalent qualifications, experience and responsibilities. Indemnification Agreements We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements and our Bylaws require us to indemnify our directors to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Subject to certain limitations, our indemnification agreements and Bylaws also require us to advance certain expenses incurred by our directors and officers. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that set forth expectations for directors, director independence standards, board committee structure and functions, orientation of new directors, continuing education for directors, Board and director candidates skills and perspectives and other policies for the governance of the Company. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available in the Investor Relations section of our website under the link to Governance Corporate Governance under the section titled Governance Resources, which can be found at investors.servicenow.com . The Corporate Governance Guidelines are reviewed at least annually by our Governance Committee, and changes are recommended to the Board. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, employees and directors. Our Code of Ethics is posted in the Investor Relations section of our website under the link to Governance Corporate Governance under the section titled Governance Resources, which can be found at investors.servicenow.com . Any amendments or waivers of our Code of Ethics pertaining to a director or one of our executive officers will be disclosed on our website at the above-referenced address. The Code of Ethics is reviewed at least annually by our Governance Committee, and any changes are recommended to and, if appropriate, approved by the Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 41 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Insider Trading Policy The Company has adopted an Insider Trading Policy that governs transactions in our securities by the Company, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, and contractors. This policy is designed to ensure compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules, and regulations. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Communication with Board of Directors Any interested party wishing to communicate with the Board, or any individual member of the Board, may write to the Board of Directors, c/o ServiceNow, Inc., 2225 Lawson Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054 or send an email to ir@servicenow.com with a request to forward the communication to the intended recipient. We reserve the right not to forward to the Board any abusive, threatening or otherwise inappropriate materials. 42 Director Compensation Members of the Board who are not ServiceNow employees receive compensation for their service on the Board. The goal of our director compensation program is to help attract, motivate and retain directors capable of making significant contributions to the long-term success of the Company. To further align the interests of our directors with our shareholders, our directors are required to own a minimum amount of equity, as described below in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Policies and Practices Stock Ownership Guidelines . In addition, non-employee directors are reimbursed for their reasonable travel expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings, certain Company events and approved continuing education programs. The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing director compensation annually and making recommendations to the Board. The Compensation Committee also reviews competitive market data in consultation with the Board and its independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance. The Board determines the form and amount of non-employee director compensation after considering the Compensation Committee s recommendations. For 2025, non-employee director compensation was adjusted to align with peer and median practices by increasing the Audit Committee annual retainer from $15,000 to $20,000. The following shows the non-employee director compensation mix: Annual Cash and Equity Mix Cash Retainers Our non-employee directors receive annual cash retainers for their service on the Board and its committees. The Lead Independent Director receives an additional annual cash retainer for his or her service. The table to the right includes the annual cash retainers for 2025. All retainers are paid in quarterly installments based on service during the prior quarter. Compared with 2024, the only Committee Annual Retainer increase was the Audit Committee member annual retainer, which increased from $15,000 to $20,000. No other changes to annual retainers were made. Board Service Annual Payments Annual Retainer $40,000 Lead Independent Director Retainer $50,000 Committee Annual Retainers Chair Member Audit $40,000 $20,000 Compensation $25,000 $15,000 Governance $20,000 $10,000 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 43 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Equity Awards Each year on the date of our annual meeting, each continuing non-employee director is granted a restricted stock unit ( RSU ) award. Directors were granted an annual RSU award on May 22, 2025, the date of our Annual Meeting, with a target aggregate grant date fair value of $325,000 based on the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Each such annual RSU award will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the Company s subsequent annual meeting, so long as such director continues to provide services to us through such date. If a director s service ends on the vesting date, then the vesting shall be deemed to have occurred. Newly-elected or -appointed non-employee directors are granted an RSU award with an aggregate target grant date fair value of $325,000 or a pro-rated initial RSU award based on the number of months served until our next annual meeting in the event such director joins the Board other than at the annual meeting, immediately aligning director and shareholder interests. Such initial RSU awards vest in full on the date of our next annual meeting, so long as such director continues to provide services to us through such date. No non-employee director who is a former employee of the Company will receive an initial RSU award or an annual RSU award if that former employee director is still vesting in equity awards granted for prior service as a Company employee. All equity awards granted to non-employee directors accelerate and vest in full in the event of a change in control of the Company. In addition to the awards provided for above, non-employee directors are eligible to receive discretionary equity awards; however, no such discretionary equity awards were granted in 2025 . Director Compensation - 2025 The following table provides information for the year ended December 31, 2025 , regarding all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each person who served as a non-employee director for all or a portion of 2025 . The table excludes Mr. McDermott, who did not receive separate compensation for his service as a director. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Total ($) Susan L. Bostrom 115,000 324,031 439,031 Teresa Briggs 80,000 324,031 404,031 Jonathan C. Chadwick (2) 60,000 324,031 384,031 Paul E. Chamberlain 75,000 324,031 399,031 Lawrence J. Jackson Jr. 50,000 324,031 374,031 Frederic B. Luddy 40,000 324,031 364,031 Joseph Larry Quinlan 60,000 324,031 384,031 Anita M. Sands 75,000 324,031 399,031 Deborah Black (3) 19,505 19,505 Jeffrey A. Miller (4) 21,456 21,456 (1) Amounts listed under Stock Awards in the foregoing table represent the aggregate fair value computed as of the grant date of each restricted stock unit ( RSU ) award during 2025 in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC Topic 718 ). The fair value of our common stock on the date of grant is used to calculate the fair value of RSUs as disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 . As required by SEC rules, the amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. Each of our current non- employee directors held outstanding RSU awards with respect to 1,595 shares of common stock as of December 31, 2025 . The table excludes Mr. McDermott, whose outstanding awards are reflected in the section titled Executive Compensation Tables 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End . (2) Mr. Chadwick is not standing for re-election to the Board at the Annual Meeting. (3) Ms. Black s compensation reported in this table represents a pro-rated amount of the annual retainer paid to Ms. Black prior to her term expiring at the end of our 2025 Annual Meeting. (4) Mr. Miller s compensation reported in this table represents a pro-rated amount of the annual retainer paid to Mr. Miller prior to his term expiring at the end of our 2025 Annual Meeting. 44 Corporate Sustainability Technology is at the core of everything we do, driving innovation and shaping the future of work. ServiceNow is united by a shared belief in the transformative power of technology. Guided by our purpose to make the world work better for everyone, we remain committed to building the Defining AI Enterprise Software Company of the 21 st Century. As we pursue this vision, we are dedicated to sustaining our planet, creating access to opportunity and upholding integrity in everything we do. Sustaining Our Planet Our environmental sustainability commitments including 100% renewable electricity, carbon neutral cloud for our customers and near-term science-based targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative ( SBTi ) reflect our conviction that responsible resource management strengthens our long-term operating model. Details and progress of our climate commitments, governance, strategies and climate-related risks and opportunities are included in our annual corporate sustainability report and climate transition plan. Environmental Sustainability and AI AI s growth demands responsible energy and water management. ServiceNow is addressing this challenge by optimizing GPU efficiency, advancing cooling innovations and prioritizing renewable energy. Through data center partnerships, staff training and climate risk assessments, we embed sustainability at every level. Our approach focuses on running efficient large language models on the ServiceNow AI Platform, empowering customers with AI-dri