=== DOC_2026-02-03.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors that we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith belief and assumptions we believe to be reasonable based upon current information, we can give no assurance that our expectations or forecasts will be attained. Further, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we do not undertake, and hereby disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Risk Factors Summary Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties described below that may affect our business and future financial performance. These and other risks and uncertainties are more fully described in Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect us. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. As more fully set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report, principal risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations include: changes to regulatory, funding, staffing, trade, and other policies and actions by the U.S. political administration; macroeconomic trends that may increase borrowing, construction, labor, and other operating costs; changes within the life science industry, and significant regulation, funding requirements, and uncertainty faced by our lab tenants; factors adversely affecting our tenants , operators , or borrowers ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us; the insolvency or bankruptcy of one or more of our major tenants, operators, or borrowers; our concentration of real estate investments in the healthcare property sector, which makes us more vulnerable to a downturn in that specific sector than if we invested across multiple sectors; the illiquidity of real estate investments; our ability to identify and secure new or replacement tenants and operators; our property development, redevelopment, and tenant improvement risks, which can render a project less profitable or unprofitable and delay or prevent its undertaking or completion; the ability of the hospitals on whose campuses our outpatient medical buildings are located and their affiliated healthcare systems to remain competitive or financially viable; operational risks associated with our senior housing properties managed by third parties, including our properties operated through structures permitted by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, which includes most of the provisions previously proposed in the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 (commonly referred to as RIDEA ); 1 Table of Contents the failure of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to comply with federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including resident health and safety requirements, as well as licensure, certification, and inspection requirements; required regulatory approvals to transfer our senior housing properties; compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and fire, safety, and other regulations; the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid; economic conditions, natural disasters, weather, and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas where we have concentrated investments; uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of capital invested in a property, lower than expected future revenues, and unanticipated expenses; our use of joint ventures may limit our returns on and our flexibility with jointly owned investments; our use of rent escalators or contingent rent provisions in our leases; competition for suitable healthcare properties to grow our investment portfolio; our ability to exercise rights on collateral securing our real estate-related loans; any requirement that we recognize reserves, allowances, credit losses, or impairment charges; investment of substantial resources and time in transactions that are not consummated; our ability to successfully integrate or operate acquisitions and/or internalize property management; the potential impact of unfavorable resolution of litigation or disputes and resulting rising liability and insurance costs; environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our real estate investments; environmental, social, and governance ( corporate impact ) and sustainability commitments and changing requirements, as well as stakeholder expectations; epidemics, pandemics, or other infectious diseases, and health and safety measures intended to reduce their spread; our past participation in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ( CARES Act ) Provider Relief Fund and other Covid-related stimulus and relief programs; laws or regulations prohibiting eviction of our tenants; human capital risks, including the loss or limited availability of our key personnel; our reliance on information technology and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology; the use of, or inability to use, artificial intelligence by us, our tenants, our vendors, and our investors; volatility, disruption, or uncertainty in the financial markets; increased interest rates and borrowing costs, which could impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell properties, and conduct investment activities; cash available for distribution to stockholders and our ability to make dividend distributions at expected levels; the availability of external capital on acceptable terms or at all; an increase in our level of indebtedness; covenants in our debt instruments, which may limit our operational flexibility, and breaches of these covenants; volatility in the market price and trading volume of our common stock; adverse changes in our credit ratings; the pending Janus Living Offering (as defined below) may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits; our economic exposure to shifts in the price of Janus Living common stock and our ability to control the assets and activities of Janus Living; potential conflicts of interest in our relationship with Janus Living; 2 Table of Contents our ability to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ); our taxable REIT subsidiaries being subject to corporate level tax; tax imposed on any net income from prohibited transactions ; changes to U.S. federal income tax laws, and potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities from corporate acquisitions; calculating non-REIT tax earnings and profits distributions; tax protection agreements that may limit our ability to dispose of certain properties and may require us to maintain certain debt levels; ownership limits in our charter that restrict ownership in our stock, and provisions of Maryland law and our charter that could prevent a transaction that may otherwise be in the interest of our stockholders; conflicts of interest between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of Healthpeak OP, LLC ( Healthpeak OP ) common units; provisions in the operating agreement of Healthpeak OP and other agreements that may delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions and other transactions; and our status as a holding company of Healthpeak OP. Important Information Regarding Our Disclosure to Investors We may use our website (www.healthpeak.com) and our LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/company/healthpeak) to communicate with our investors and disclose company information. The information disclosed through those channels may be considered to be material, so investors should monitor them in addition to our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website or social media channels referenced herein are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. Business General Overview Healthpeak Properties, Inc. is a Standard Poor s ( S P ) 500 company that owns, operates, and develops high-quality real estate focused on healthcare discovery and delivery in the United States ( U.S. ). Our company was originally founded in 1985. We are organized as an umbrella partnership REIT ( UPREIT ). We hold substantially all of our assets and conduct our operations through our operating subsidiary, Healthpeak OP, a consolidated subsidiary of which we are the managing member. We are a Maryland corporation and qualify as a self-administered REIT. We are headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with additional corporate offices in California, Tennessee, Wisconsin, and Massachusetts and property management offices in several locations throughout the U.S. We have a diversified portfolio of high-quality healthcare properties across three core asset classes of outpatient medical, lab, and senior housing real estate. Under the outpatient medical and lab segments, we own, operate, and develop outpatient medical buildings, hospitals, and lab buildings. Under the senior housing segment, our properties are operated through RIDEA structures. We have other non-reportable segments that are comprised primarily of: (i) loans receivable, (ii) a preferred equity investment, and (iii) three other properties . These non-reportable segments have been p resented on a combined basis herein. On March 1, 2024 (the Closing Date ), we completed our merger with Physicians Realty Trust (the Merger ). Subsequent to the Closing Date, the Combined Company means Healthpeak and its subsidiaries. As a result of the Merger, we acquired 299 outpatient medical buildings. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. In December 2025, we confidentially submitted a draft registration statement on Form S-11 to the SEC relating to the proposed initial public offering (the Offering or Janus Living Offering ) of shares of common stock of a newly formed company, Janus Living, Inc. ( Janus Living ), which will be dedicated to senior housing and which intends to elect and qualify to be taxed as a REIT. We will contribute our 34-community, 10,422-unit senior housing portfolio to Janus Living in exchange for a majority ownership interest in Janus Living. Immediately following the Janus Living Offering, we will serve as its external manager and we intend to retain a substantial majority interest in Janus Living, with new public shareholders owning the remaining interest. Based on the anticipated ownership share and terms of the management agreement, we expect to continue to consolidate Janus Living subsequent to the Offering. We expect to complete the Offering in the first half of 2026, subject to market conditions, receipt of regulatory approvals, completion of related financings, completion of the SEC s review, and other customary conditions. During the fourth quarter of 2025, in connection with the planned Offering of Janus Living, our chief operating decision maker ( CODM ), the President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), began evaluating our life plan communities (formerly known as continuing care retirement communities, or CCRCs) and our unconsolidated joint venture with a sovereign wealth fund that owns 19 senior housing properties (our SWF SH JV ) as a single operating and reportable segment, referred to as senior housing. Also during the fourth quarter of 2025, two other properties were reclassified from the outpatient medical segment to the other non-reportable segments as these properties are not representative of the characteristics of the outpatient medical segment and therefore, are no longer evaluated by the CODM in conjunction with the outpatient medical properties. Also included in other non-reportable segments as of December 31, 2025 is one other property that was acquired as part of the Gateway Crossing acquisition, as described below. Accordingly, all prior period segment information has been recast to conform to the current period presentation. At December 31, 2025, our portfolio of investments, including properties in certain of our unconsolidated joint ventures, consisted of interests in 689 properties: (i) Outpatient medical 507 properties; (ii) Lab 145 properties; (iii) Senior housing 34 properties; and (iv) Other non-reportable 3 properties. The following table summarizes information for our reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands): Segment Adjusted NOI by Reportable Segment (1) Outpatient medical $ 795,843 Lab 567,358 Senior housing 176,741 _______________________________________ (1) Our Adjusted NOI for our reportable segments, which we also refer to as Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI for our reportable segments, includes results of operations from disposed properties through the disposition date. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a reconciliation of Adjusted NOI by reportable segment to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. See our Segment Analysis below for additional information. 4 Table of Contents For a description of our significant activities during 2025, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Company Highlights in this report. Business Strategy Our strategy is to own, operate, and develop high-quality real estate focused on healthcare discovery and delivery. We manage our real estate portfolio for the long-term to maximize risk-adjusted returns and support the growth of our dividends. Our strategy consists of four core elements: (i) Our real estate : Our portfolio consists of high-quality properties in desirable locations. Our portfolio is primarily focused on outpatient medical and lab buildings, favorable sectors that benefit from the universal desire for improved health, as well as life plan community and senior housing facilities, which benefit from favorable demographic trends. We have built scale and fostered deep industry relationships, two unique factors that provide us with a competitive advantage. (ii) Our financials : We maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet with ample liquidity as well as long-term fixed-rate debt financing with staggered maturities to reduce our exposure to interest rate volatility and refinancing risk. (iii) Our partnerships : We work with leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, as well as healthcare delivery systems, specialty physician groups, and other healthcare service providers and senior housing operators and managers, to meet their real estate needs. We provide high-quality property management services to encourage tenants to renew, expand, and relocate into our properties, which drives increased occupancy, rental rates, and property values. (iv) Our platform : We have a people-first culture that we believe attracts, develops, and retains top talent. We continually strive to create and maintain an industry-leading platform, with systems and tools that allow us to effectively and efficiently manage our assets and investment activity. Internal Growth Strategies We believe our real estate portfolio holds the potential for increased future cash flows as it is well-maintained and in desirable locations. Our strategy for maximizing the benefits from these opportunities is to: (i) work with new or existing tenants to address their space and capital needs and (ii) provide high-quality property management services in order to motivate tenants to renew, expand, or relocate into our properties. We expect to continue our internal growth as a result of our ability to: Build and maintain long-term leasing and management relationships with quality tenants. In choosing locations for our properties, we focus on the physical environment, adjacency to established businesses (e.g., hospital systems or life science submarkets) and educational centers, proximity to sources of business growth, and other local demographic factors. Replace tenants at the best available market terms and lowest possible transaction costs. We believe we are well-positioned to attract new tenants and achieve attractive rental rates and operating cash flow as a result of the location, design, and maintenance of our properties, together with our reputation for high-quality building services, responsiveness to tenants, and our ability to offer space alternatives within our portfolio. Extend and modify terms of existing leases prior to expiration. We selectively structure lease extensions, early renewals, or modifications, which reduce the cost associated with lease downtime, while securing the tenancy and relationship of our high-quality tenants on a long-term basis. Investment Strategies The discovery and delivery of healthcare services requires real estate and, as a result, tenants depend on our real estate, in part, to maintain and grow their businesses. We believe the healthcare real estate market provides investment opportunities due to the: (i) compelling long-term demographics driving the demand for healthcare services; (ii) specialized nature of healthcare real estate investing; and (iii) ongoing consolidation of the fragmented healthcare real estate sector. While we emphasize healthcare real estate ownership, we may also provide real estate secured financing to, or invest in equity or debt securities of, healthcare operators or other entities engaged in healthcare real estate ownership. We may also acquire all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs, operating companies, or similar entities where such investments would be consistent with our investment strategies. We may co-invest alongside institutional or development investors through partnerships or limited liability companies. In addition, as discussed above, following the Janus Living Offering, Janus Living will be externally managed by our wholly owned indirect subsidiary under the terms of a management agreement, and we will retain a substantial majority equity interest in Janus Living. 5 Table of Contents We monitor our investments based on the percentage of our total assets that may be invested in any one property type, investment vehicle, or geographic location, the number of properties that may be leased to a single tenant or operator, or loans that may be made to a single borrower. In allocating capital, we target opportunities with the most attractive risk/reward profile for our portfolio as a whole. We may take additional measures to mitigate risk, including diversifying our investments (by sector, geography, and tenant), structuring transactions as master leases, requiring tenant or operator insurance and indemnifications, and/or obtaining credit enhancements in the form of guarantees, letters of credit, or security deposits. We believe we are well-positioned to achieve external growth through acquisitions, development, and redevelopment. Other factors that contribute to our competitive position include: our reputation gained through decades of successful operations and the strength of our existing portfolio of properties; our relationships with leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology tenants, healthcare operators and systems, investment banks and other market intermediaries, corporations, private equity firms, not-for-profit organizations, and companies seeking to monetize existing assets or develop new facilities; our relationships with institutional buyers and sellers of high-quality healthcare real estate; our track record and reputation for executing acquisitions responsively and efficiently, which provides confidence to domestic and foreign institutions and private investors who seek to sell healthcare real estate in our market areas; our relationships with nationally recognized financial institutions that provide capital to the healthcare and real estate industries; and our control of land sites held for future development. Financing Strategies Our REIT qualification requires us to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (excluding net capital gains); therefore, we do not retain a significant amount of earnings. As a result, we regularly access the public equity and debt markets to raise the funds necessary to finance acquisitions and debt investments, develop and redevelop properties, and refinance maturing debt. We may finance acquisitions and other investments in a variety of ways, including: cash flow from operations; sale or exchange of ownership interests in properties or other investments; borrowings under our credit facility or commercial paper program; issuance of additional debt, including unsecured notes, term loans, and mortgage debt; and/or issuance of common stock or preferred stock or its equivalent. We maintain a disciplined investment-grade balance sheet by actively managing our debt to equity levels and maintaining access to multiple sources of liquidity. Our debt obligations are primarily long-term fixed rate with staggered maturities. We finance our investments based on our evaluation of available sources of funding. For short-term purposes, we may utilize our revolving line of credit facility or commercial paper program, arrange for other short-term borrowings from banks or other sources, or issue equity securities pursuant to our at-the-market equity offering program. We arrange for longer-term financing by offering debt and equity, placing mortgage debt, and obtaining capital from institutional lenders and joint venture partners. In addition, capital recycling through dispositions and redeployment through acquisitions, developments, and redevelopments is an important facet of our investment and financing strategies. We routinely have multiple transactions involving both individual properties and portfolios under consideration that are in varying stages of evaluation, underwriting, negotiation, and due diligence review, some of which, if consummated or completed, may have a material effect on our liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition. 6 Table of Contents Segments Outpatient Medical Our outpatient medical segment includes outpatient medical buildings and hospitals. Outpatient medical buildings typically contain physicians offices and examination rooms, and may also include pharmacies, hospital ancillary service space, and outpatient services such as diagnostic centers, rehabilitation clinics, and day-surgery operating rooms. While these facilities have certain similarities to commercial office buildings, they require additional plumbing, electrical, and mechanical systems to accommodate multiple exam rooms that may require sinks in every room and specialized equipment such as x-ray machines and MRIs. Outpatient medical buildings are often built to accommodate higher structural loads for such specialized equipment and may contain vaults or other unique construction. Our outpatient medical buildings are typically multi-tenant properties leased to healthcare providers (hospitals and physician practices), with approximately 79% of our outpatient medical buildings located on or adjacent to hospital campuses and 96% affiliated with hospital systems as of December 31, 2025 (based on total square feet). Occasionally, we invest in outpatient medical buildings located on hospital campuses subject to ground leases. At December 31, 2025, approximately 72% of our outpatient medical buildings were triple-net leased (based on leased square feet) with the remaining leased under gross or modified gross leases. The following table provides information about our most significant outpatient medical tenant concentration for the year ended December 31, 2025: Tenant Percentage of Segment Revenues Percentage of Total Revenues HCA Healthcare, Inc. (HCA) 15 % 7 % CommonSpirit Health 6 % 3 % During the year ended December 31, 2025, we had various other outpatient medical tenants that each represented 1% or less of total revenues. Our outpatient medical segment also includes nine hospitals. Services provided by our tenants and operators in hospitals are paid for by private sources, third-party payors (e.g., insurance and HMOs), or through Medicare and Medicaid programs. Our hospital property types include acute care, long-term acute care, and specialty and rehabilitation hospitals. All of our hospitals are triple-net leased. Lab Our lab properties, which contain laboratory and office space, are leased primarily to biotechnology, medical device and pharmaceutical companies, scientific research institutions, government agencies, and other organizations involved in the life science industry. While these properties have certain characteristics similar to commercial office buildings, they generally accommodate heavier floor loads and contain more advanced electrical, mechanical, heating, ventilating, and air conditioning systems. The facilities generally have specialty equipment including emergency generators, fume hoods, lab bench tops, and related amenities. In addition to improvements funded by us as the landlord, many of our lab tenants make significant investments to improve their leased space to accommodate biology, chemistry, or medical device research initiatives. Lab properties are primarily configured in business park or campus settings and include multiple buildings. The business park and campus settings allow us the opportunity to provide flexible, contiguous/adjacent expansion to accommodate the growth of existing tenants. Our properties are located in well-established geographical markets known for scientific research and drug discovery, including San Francisco, California (59%), Boston, Massachusetts (22%), and San Diego, California (17%) (based on total square feet). At December 31, 2025, 89% of our lab properties were triple-net leased (based on leased square feet). During the year ended December 31, 2025, we had various lab tenants that each represented 1% or less of total revenues. Senior Housing Our senior housing segment includes life plan communities and our SWF SH JV, an interest in an unconsolidated joint venture with a sovereign wealth fund that owns 19 senior housing assets. In January 2026, we acquired the remaining 46.5% interest in the SWF SH JV, bringing our ownership interest in these 19 senior housing properties to 100%. Life plan communities are retirement communities that include independent living, assisted living, memory care, and skilled nursing units to provide a continuum of care in an integrated campus. Our life plan communities are owned through RIDEA structures, which is permitted by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, and includes most of the provisions previously proposed in the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007. The services provided by our third-party manager-operators under a RIDEA structure at our properties are primarily paid for by the residents directly or through private insurance and are less reliant on government reimbursement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. 7 Table of Contents A RIDEA structure allows us, through a taxable REIT subsidiary ( TRS ), to receive cash flow from the operations of a healthcare facility in compliance with REIT tax requirements. The criteria for operating a healthcare facility through a RIDEA structure require us to lease the facility to an affiliate TRS and for such affiliate TRS to engage an independent qualifying management company (also known as an eligible independent contractor or third-party operator) to manage and operate the day-to-day business of the facility in exchange for a management fee. As a result, under a RIDEA structure, we are required to rely on a third-party operator to hire and train all facility employees, enter into third-party contracts for the benefit of the facility, including resident/patient agreements, comply with laws, including healthcare laws, and provide resident care. Through our TRS entities, we bear all operational risks and liabilities associated with the operation of these properties, with limited exceptions, such as a third-party operator s gross negligence or willful misconduct. These operational risks and liabilities include those relating to any employment matters of our operator, compliance with healthcare and other laws, liabilities relating to personal injury-tort matters, resident-patient quality of care claims, and any governmental reimbursement matters, even though we have limited ability to control or influence our third-party operators management of these risks. The management agreements we have in RIDEA structures related to life plan communities have original terms ranging from 10 to 15 years, with mutual renewal options. There are base management fees and incentive management fees payable to our third-party operators if operating results of the RIDEA properties exceed pre-established thresholds. Conversely, there are also provisions in the management agreements that reduce management fees payable to our third-party operators if operating results do not meet certain pre-established thresholds. Life plan communities differ from other housing and care options for seniors because they typically provide written agreements or long-term contracts between residents and the communities (frequently lasting the term of the resident s lifetime), which offer a continuum of housing, services, and healthcare on one campus or site. Life plan communities are appealing as they allow residents to age in place and typically the individual is independent and in relatively good health upon entry. The properties in our SWF SH JV are also owned through RIDEA structures and include independent living facilities and assisted living facilities, which cater to different segments of the elderly population based upon their personal needs. These facilities are often in apartment-like buildings with private residences ranging from single rooms to large apartments. As third-party operators manage our RIDEA properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of these operators in the same manner or to the same extent as a triple-net tenant. Other non-reportable segments At December 31, 2025, we had the following investments in our other non-reportable segments: (i) loans receivable, (ii) a preferred equity investment, and (iii) three other properties that are not representative of the characteristics of the outpatient medical and lab reportable segments discussed above . Competition Investing in real estate serving the healthcare industry is highly competitive. We face competition from other REITs, investment companies, pension funds, private equity investors, sovereign funds, healthcare operators, lenders, developers, and other institutional investors, some of whom may have greater flexibility (e.g., non-REIT competitors), greater resources, and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition and resulting capitalization rate compression, as well as the impacts of elevated interest rates, make it more challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our objectives. Our ability to compete may also be impacted by global, national, and local economic trends, availability of investment alternatives, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, existing laws and regulations, new legislation, and population trends. Income from our investments depends on our tenants and operators ability to compete with other companies on multiple levels, including: (i) the quality of care provided, (ii) reputation, (iii) success of product or drug development, (iv) price, (v) the range of services offered, (vi) the physical appearance of a property, (vii) alternatives for healthcare delivery, (viii) the supply of competing properties, (ix) physicians, (x) staff, (xi) referral sources, (xii) location, (xiii) the size and demographics of the population in surrounding areas, and (xiv) the financial condition of our tenants and operators. For a discussion of the risks associated with competitive conditions affecting our business, see Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. 8 Table of Contents Government Regulation, Licensing, and Enforcement Overview Our healthcare facility operators (which include our TRS entities when we use a RIDEA structure) and tenants are subject to extensive and complex federal, state, and local healthcare laws and regulations relating to quality of care, licensure and certificate of need, resident rights (including abuse and neglect), consumer protection, government reimbursement, fraud and abuse practices, and similar laws governing the operation of healthcare facilities. We expect the healthcare industry, in general, will continue to face increased regulation and pressure in the areas of fraud, waste and abuse, cost control, healthcare management, and provision of services, among others. Federal, state, and local officials are increasingly focusing their efforts on enforcement of these laws and regulations. In addition, our operators are subject to a variety of laws, regulations, and executive orders, including those relating to operators response to Covid and other infectious diseases, which can vary based on the provider type and jurisdiction, complicating compliance efforts. These regulations are wide ranging and can subject our tenants and operators to civil, criminal, and administrative sanctions, including enhanced or additional penalties, sanctions, and other adverse actions that may arise under new regulations adopted in response to Covid. Affected tenants and operators may find it increasingly difficult to comply with this complex and evolving regulatory environment because of a relative lack of guidance in many areas as certain of our healthcare properties are subject to oversight from several government agencies, and the laws may vary from one jurisdiction to another. Changes in laws, regulations, reimbursement enforcement activity, and regulatory non-compliance by our tenants and operators can all have a significant effect on their operations and financial condition, which in turn may adversely impact us, as detailed below and set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. The following is a discussion of certain laws and regulations generally applicable to our operators, and in certain cases, to us. Fraud and Abuse Enforcement There are various extremely complex U.S. federal and state laws and regulations governing healthcare providers referrals, relationships and arrangements and prohibiting fraudulent and abusive practices by such providers. These laws include: (i) U.S. federal and state false claims acts, which, among other things, prohibit providers from filing false claims or making false statements to receive payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other U.S. federal or state healthcare programs; (ii) U.S. federal and state anti-kickback and fee-splitting statutes, including the Medicare and Medicaid anti-kickback statute, which prohibit or restrict the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services; (iii) U.S. federal and state physician self-referral laws (commonly referred to as the Stark Law ), which, subject to certain exceptions, generally prohibit referrals of specifically designated health services by physicians to entities with which the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship; and (iv) the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, the knowing presentation of a false or fraudulent claim for certain healthcare services and which authorizes the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to impose monetary penalties for certain fraudulent acts. Violations of U.S. healthcare fraud and abuse laws carry civil, criminal, and administrative sanctions, including punitive sanctions, monetary penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, payment suspensions, and potential exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal or state healthcare programs. These laws are enforced by a variety of federal, state, and local agencies and in the U.S. can also be enforced by private litigants through, among other things, federal and state false claims acts, which allow private litigants to bring qui tam or whistleblower actions, in which individuals have tremendous financial gain in bringing a whistleblower claim as federal and state false claim acts provide that individuals receive between 15% and 30% of the money recouped. Additionally, violations of false claims acts can result in treble damages. Our tenants and operators that participate in government reimbursement programs are subject to these laws and may become the subject of governmental enforcement actions or whistleblower actions if they fail to comply with applicable laws. Additionally, the licensed operators of our U.S. long-term care facilities that participate in government reimbursement programs are required to have compliance and ethics programs that meet the requirements of federal laws and regulations relating to the Social Security Act. In our senior housing segment, we are dependent on management companies to fulfill our compliance obligations, and we have developed a program to periodically monitor compliance with such obligations. Investigation by a federal or state governmental body for violation of fraud and abuse laws or imposition of any of these penalties upon one of our operators could jeopardize that operator s business, reputation, and ability to operate. 9 Table of Contents Laws and Regulations Governing Privacy and Security There are various U.S. federal and state privacy laws and regulations, including the privacy and security rules contained in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (commonly referred to as HIPAA ), that provide for the privacy and security of personal health information. An increasing focus of the U. S. Federal Trade Commission s ( FTC s ) consumer protection regulation is the impact of technological change on protection of consumer privacy. The FTC, as well as state attorneys general, have taken enforcement action against companies that do not abide by their representations to consumers regarding electronic security and privacy. To the extent we or our affiliated operating entities are a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (the HITECH Act ), compliance with those requirements require us to, among other things, conduct a risk analysis, implement a risk management plan, implement policies and procedures, and conduct employee training. In most cases, we are dependent on our tenants and management companies to fulfill our compliance obligations, and we have developed a program to periodically monitor compliance with such obligations. Because of the far reaching nature of these laws, there can be no assurance we would not be required to alter one or more of our systems and data security procedures to be in compliance with these laws. Our failure to protect health information could subject us to civil or criminal liability and adverse publicity, and could harm our business and impair our ability to attract new customers and residents. We may be required to notify individuals, as well as government agencies and the media, if we experience a data breach. Further, as reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to those systems. Parties that provide us with services essential to our operations must continuously monitor and develop their networks and information technology to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, and social engineering, such as phishing. Our tenants and management companies are continuously working, including with the aid of third-party service providers, to install new, and to upgrade existing, network and information technology systems, to create processes for risk assessment, testing, prioritization, remediation, risk acceptance, and reporting, and to provide awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to ensure that our partners that provide us with services essential to our operations are protected against cyber risks and security breaches and that we are also therefore so protected. However, these upgrades, processes, new technology, and training may not be sufficient to protect us from all risks. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems, and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques and technologies used in attempted attacks and intrusions evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. In some cases, attempted attacks and intrusions are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Reimbursement Sources of revenue for some of our tenants and operators include, among others, governmental healthcare programs, such as the federal Medicare programs and state Medicaid programs, and non-governmental third-party payors, such as insurance carriers and HMOs. Our tenants and operators who participate in governmental healthcare programs are subject to government reviews, audits, and investigations to verify compliance with these programs and applicable laws and regulations. As federal and state governments focus on healthcare reform initiatives, and as the federal government and many states face significant current and future budget deficits, efforts to reduce costs by these payors will likely continue, which may result in reduced or slower growth in reimbursement for certain services provided by some of our tenants and operators. Governmental healthcare programs are highly regulated and are subject to frequent and substantial legislative, regulatory, and interpretive changes, which could adversely affect reimbursement rates and the method and timing of payment under these programs. Additionally, new and evolving payor and provider programs in the U.S., including Medicare Advantage, Dual Eligible, Accountable Care Organizations, Post-Acute Care Payment Models, SNF Value-Based Purchasing Programs, and Bundled Payments could adversely impact our tenants and operators liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. Effective January 16, 2024, Medicare and Medicaid nursing facilities are required to disclose new data about the facility s ownership, management, and the owners of real property lessors upon initial enrollment and revalidation. In addition, the nursing facilities are required to timely report any changes, including in connection with any change of ownership. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) defines the disclosable parties to include members of the facility s governing body, persons, or entities who are an officer, director, member, partner, trustee, or managing employee of the facility, persons, or entities that exercise operational, financial, or managerial control, lease or sublease real property to the facility, own a direct or indirect interest of five percent or greater of the real property, or provide management or administrative services to the facility. Additionally, facilities are required to disclose whether any entity on the enrollment form is a private equity company or REIT. CMS makes the information publicly available. This disclosure requirement involves reporting extensive information and may complicate our healthcare facility operators efforts to comply with Medicare and Medicaid requirements. Failure to comply with the disclosure requirements could negatively affect our healthcare facility operators participation in Medicare and state Medicaid programs. 10 Table of Contents Healthcare Licensure and Certificate of Need Certain healthcare facilities in our portfolio are subject to extensive national, federal, state, and local licensure, certification, and inspection laws and regulations. A healthcare facility s failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in a revocation, suspension, restriction, or non-renewal of the facility s license and loss of a certificate of need, which could adversely affect the facility s operations and ability to bill for items and services provided at the facility. In addition, various licenses and permits are required to handle controlled substances (including narcotics), operate pharmacies, handle radioactive materials, and operate equipment. Many states in the U.S. require certain healthcare providers to obtain a certificate of need, which requires prior approval for the construction, expansion, or closure of certain healthcare facilities. The approval process related to state certificate of need laws may impact the ability of some of our tenants and operators to expand or change their businesses. Changes in these laws and regulations could negatively affect the ability of our tenants to make lease payments to us. In some states, healthcare facilities are subject to various state certificate of need ( CON ) laws requiring governmental approval prior to the development or expansion of healthcare facilities and services. State CON laws often materially impact the ability of competitors to enter into the marketplace of our facilities and the repeal of CON laws could allow competitors to freely operate in previously closed markets. Product Approvals While our lab tenants include some well-established companies, other tenants are less established and, in some cases, may not yet have a product approved by the Food and Drug Administration, or other regulatory authorities, for commercial sale. Creating a new pharmaceutical product or medical device requires substantial investments of time and capital, in part because of the extensive regulation of the healthcare industry. It also entails considerable risk of failure in demonstrating that the product is safe and effective and in gaining regulatory approval and market acceptance. If a lab tenant fails to obtain or experiences significant delays in obtaining such approvals, it may have a significant effect on the tenant s operations and financial condition, which in turn may adversely impact us, as detailed below and set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Entrance Fee Communities Our life plan communities are operated as entrance fee communities. Generally, an entrance fee is an upfront fee or consideration paid by a resident, a portion of which may be refundable, in exchange for some form of long-term benefit, typically consisting of a right to receive certain personal or health care services. In certain states (including the ones in which we operate) entrance fee communities are subject to significant state regulatory oversight, including, for example, oversight of each facility s financial condition, establishment and monitoring of reserve requirements and other financial restrictions, the right of residents to cancel their contracts within a specified period of time, the right of residents to receive a refund of their entrance fees, lien rights in favor of the residents, restrictions on change of ownership, and similar matters. Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) Our properties must comply with the ADA and any similar state or local laws to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined in those statutes. The ADA may require removal of barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our properties where such removal is readily achievable. To date, we have not received any notices of noncompliance with the ADA that have caused us to incur substantial capital expenditures to address ADA concerns. Should barriers to access by persons with disabilities be discovered at any of our properties, we may be directly or indirectly responsible for additional costs that may be required to make facilities ADA-compliant. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations pursuant to the ADA is an ongoing one, and we continue to assess our properties and make modifications as appropriate in this respect. 11 Table of Contents Environmental Matters A wide variety of federal, state, and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations affect healthcare facility operations. These complex federal and state statutes, and their enforcement, involve a myriad of regulations, many of which involve strict liability on the part of the potential offender. Some of these federal and state statutes may directly impact us. Under various federal, state, and local environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations, an owner of real property or a secured lender, such as us, may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at, under or disposed of in connection with such property, as well as other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including government fines and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). The cost of any required remediation, removal, fines, personal or property damages, and any related liability therefore could exceed or impair the value of the property and/or the assets. In addition, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly dispose of or remediate such substances, may adversely affect the value of such property and the owner s ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral, which, in turn, could reduce our earnings. For a description of the risks associated with environmental matters, see Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Insurance We obtain various types of insurance to mitigate the impact of property, business interruption, liability, flood, windstorm, earthquake, fire, environmental, and terrorism-related losses. We attempt to obtain appropriate policy terms, conditions, limits, and deductibles considering the relative risk of loss, the cost of such coverage, and current industry practice. There are, however, certain types of extraordinary losses, such as those due to acts of war or other events, that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable. In addition, we have a large number of properties that are exposed to earthquake, flood, and windstorm occurrences, which carry higher deductibles. We maintain property insurance for all of our properties. Tenants under triple-net leases are required to provide primary property, business interruption, and liability insurance. We maintain separate general and professional liability insurance for our senior housing properties. Additionally, our corporate general liability insurance program also extends coverage for all of our properties beyond the aforementioned. We periodically review whether we or our RIDEA operators will bear responsibility for maintaining the required insurance coverage for the applicable senior housing properties, but the costs of such insurance are facility expenses paid from the revenues of those properties, regardless of who maintains the insurance. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance, which provides protection for claims against our directors and officers arising from their responsibilities as directors and officers. Such insurance also extends to us in certain situations. Sustainability and Corporate Impact We believe that corporate impact initiatives are part of our corporate responsibility, which supports our primary goal of increasing stockholder value through profitable growth. We continue to advance our commitment to sustainability, with a focus on achieving goals in each of the corporate impact dimensions. Our Board of Directors oversees corporate impact matters, with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee overseeing sustainability and corporate governance matters, the Audit Committee overseeing risk management, and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee overseeing human capital management. We use an integrated approach to corporate impact throughout our business to identify risks and opportunities, capture efficiencies and cost savings, and report on the issues relevant to stakeholders. Environment: Our environmental management program strives to make our buildings more sustainable and capture cost efficiencies that ultimately benefit our investors, tenants, business partners, and other stakeholders, while reducing our carbon footprint and providing a positive impact on the communities in which we operate. We regularly assess the climate-related risks and financial impacts to our business, including transition risks, physical climate risks, potential business disruption, and regulatory requirements, and work with our property managers, operators, and tenants to implement projects to mitigate these risks and impacts. For a description of the risks associated with climate risk matters, see Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Social: See Human Capital Matters below. Governance: Our transparent corporate governance initiatives incorporate sustainability as a critical component in achieving our business objectives and properly managing risks. Our recent corporate impact highlights include: Obtained 6 new LEED certifications, 14 new ENERGY STAR certifications, 135 ENERGY STAR recertifications, and 13 ENERGY STAR NextGen certifications in 2025 Received a Green Star rating from the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark ( GRESB ) for the fourteenth consecutive year, recognizing leading sustainability performance in our sector 12 Table of Contents Named to Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies list for the seventh consecutive year Named to the S P Global Sustainability Yearbook for the tenth consecutive year Under our like-for-like methodology, direct and indirect GHG emissions are compared on a year-over-year rolling basis using Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for the properties that we have owned for two full consecutive calendar years, excluding non-stabilized developments and redevelopments in each year of the calculation. Base data utilized in the calculation of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions is obtained from third-party invoices or estimates. For additional information regarding our corporate impact initiatives, methodologies, and strategy, please visit our website at www.healthpeak.com/corporate-impact. Human Capital Matters Our employees represent our greatest asset, and as of December 31, 2025, we had 411 full-time employees. Our Board of Directors, through its Compensation and Human Capital Committee, retains oversight of human capital management, including corporate culture, talent acquisition, retention, employee satisfaction, engagement, and succession planning. We report on human capital matters at each regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting and periodically throughout the year. The most significant human capital measures or objectives that we focus on in managing our business and our related human capital initiatives include the following: Inclusion and Respect: We promote a work environment that emphasizes respect, fairness, inclusion, and dignity. We are committed to providing equal opportunity and fair treatment to all individuals based on merit, without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, gender (including pregnancy), gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. We do not tolerate discrimination or harassment. All employees are required to attend a biennial training on unconscious bias. Engagement: High employee engagement and satisfaction are both critical to attracting and retaining top talent and benefit our business in many ways. We conduct a regular employee engagement survey through an independent third party, measuring our progress on important employee issues and identifying opportunities for growth and improvement. Training and Development: We conduct at least annual employee training on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as annual training on harassment prevention or unconscious bias. We also provide training and development to all employees, focusing on career development, professional development, and REIT essentials. Compensation and Benefits: We aim to ensure merit-based, equitable compensation practices to attract, retain, and recognize talent. We provide competitive compensation and benefit packages to our employees. Health, Safety, and Wellness: The health, safety, and wellness of our employees are vital to our success. We are committed to protecting the well-being and safety of employees through special training and other measures. We maintain a hybrid work model, which we believe maximizes company-wide productivity, and provide employees with resources, including virtual tools and ergonomic equipment, to maximize work-from-home efficiency. Community Partnership: Our Social Responsibility Committee is responsible for oversight of our charitable and volunteer activities. We partner with organizations that share our desire to support research, education, and other activities related to healthcare. For additional information on human capital matters, please see our most recent proxy statement or corporate impact report, each of which is available on our website at www.healthpeak.com. Available Information Our website address is www.healthpeak.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Additionally, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us, at www.sec.gov. References to our website throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Risk Factors The section below discusses the risk factors that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. As set forth below, we believe that the risks we face generally fall into the following categories: risks related to our business and operations; risks related to our capital structure and market conditions; risks related to the pending Janus Living Offering and our relationship with Janus Living if the Janus Living Offering is completed; and risks related to tax, including REIT-related risks, and related to our jurisdiction of incorporation and our structure as an UPREIT. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Changes to regulatory, funding, staffing, trade, and other policies and actions by the U.S. political administration could adversely affect our business operations or the operations of our tenants or operators. Recent and ongoing changes in U.S. federal government policy have introduced uncertainty to the capital markets, as well as within our industry and the industries of our tenants and operators. These policy changes include, but are not limited to, workforce reductions at federal agencies; executive actions impacting National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) grant funding; changes to visa policies affecting the scientific workforce; efforts to cap NIH indirect cost reimbursements; tariffs and potential tariff actions; and changes to drug pricing policies. For example, recent policy shifts and administration priorities affecting research funding, drug pricing, drug review and approval processes, and tariffs, among other policies, have created uncertainty in the life science ecosystem in which our lab tenants operate. This uncertainty has adversely impacted, and in the future may adversely impact, the ability of life science companies obtain investor funding, which could lead to setbacks in research and development timelines, advancement of drug pipelines, or achievement of commercial viability. In addition, competitive international biotech sectors, including in China, supported by favorable regulatory conditions and costs there, may also divert research and development activity and investment away from the U.S., reducing long-term demand for domestic life science real estate. These policy shifts and other dynamics may affect our lab tenants ability to make rent payments to us or expand within our properties, which, as a result, could negatively impact our operating and financial results. Furthermore, reductions in Medicaid spending and cuts to Medicaid provider rates, the expiration of health insurance subsidies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, along with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ), other potential changes to federal reimbursement policies, and other potential policy initiatives focused on medical care, including site-neutral payments and changes to reimbursement for certain outpatient services, could reduce patient volumes, increase uncompensated care, and put downward pressure on reimbursement rates for hospitals and outpatient medical facilities, which could have an adverse effect on our tenants , operators , and borrowers liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. In particular, reduced funding for entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid could result in increased costs and fees for programs such as Medicare Advantage Plans and additional reductions in reimbursements to providers. In general, facilities in non-expansion states face a significantly higher financial risk due to Medicare / Medicaid and Affordable Care Act provisions in the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBA ). An expansion state is a U.S. state that chose to expand its Medicaid program under the Affordable Care Act, thereby extending coverage to nearly all low-income adults up to 138% of the federal poverty level and becoming eligible for enhanced federal funding. In contrast, a non-expansion state is a state that did not expand its Medicaid program under the Affordable Care Act. As Affordable Care Act subsidies have expired, non-expansion states with higher numbers of individuals not eligible for Medicaid who can no longer rely on purchasing coverage from the Affordable Care Act marketplace will be disproportionately affected unless the subsidies are extended. Accordingly, facilities in non-expansion states could face challenges in meeting operational costs if patients/residents lose the ability to purchase Affordable Care Act coverage. Amendments to the Affordable Care Act in whole or in part and decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services could impact the delivery of services and benefits under Medicare, Medicaid, or Medicare Advantage Plans and could affect our tenants and operators and the manner in which they are reimbursed by such programs. Because our outpatient medical segment depends on stable, long-term occupancy by healthcare providers, such adverse changes in U.S. healthcare policy could adversely affect our operating and financial results. Tariffs and potential tariff actions have also led to market volatility, higher construction costs, and supply chain disruptions, which could delay or increase the cost of our development projects and impair our access to capital. 14 Table of Contents We may be negatively impacted by macroeconomic trends that may increase borrowing, construction, labor, and other operating or administrative costs for us and our tenants, operators, and borrowers. In recent periods, many of our costs, including borrowing, construction, labor, utilities, and other operating and administrative costs, have been adversely affected by macroeconomic trends, including higher interest rates, inflation, price volatility, and changes in unemployment, among other factors. These macroeconomic trends may also negatively impact consumer confidence and spending and have been exacerbated at times by domestic and international policy shifts; uncertainty in the regulatory landscape in which we, our tenants, and our operators operate; supply chain disruptions; geopolitical conflicts; federal government deficits; and other international and domestic events impacting the macroeconomic environment. If any of these adverse macroeconomic trends continue or recur in the future, our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. Furthermore, rising labor costs and personnel shortages may adversely impact us or our tenants, operators, and borrowers. Competitive pressures may require that we or our tenants, operators, or borrowers enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for such personnel. To the extent we or our tenants, operators, or borrowers cannot hire a sufficient number of qualified personnel, we or they may need to utilize high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor, or our business may operate below capacity, which may affect our ability to effectively manage risk and pursue potential revenue and growth opportunities. Additionally, changing technologies and cultural trends could negatively impact future demand for our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Life science industry changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If economic, financial, regulatory, or industry conditions adversely affect the life science industry, we may be unable to lease or re-lease our lab properties in a timely manner or at profitable rates or with favorable terms. In addition, because lab property infrastructure improvements are typically significantly more costly than improvements to other property types due to their highly specialized nature, and lab tenants typically require greater lease square footage relative to outpatient medical tenants, repositioning efforts would have a disproportionate adverse effect on our lab segment performance. Further, our lab investments could face decreased demand from biotech and life science companies relative to supply, and life science industry consolidation could reduce the rentable square footage requirements of our client tenants and prospective client tenants, which may adversely impact our revenues from lease payments. Finally, our lab investments could also be adversely affected if the life science industry migrates from the U.S. to other countries that have seen accelerated growth in the biotech industry, or to areas outside of our primary lab markets in the greater South San Francisco, San Diego, and Boston areas. Our lab tenants face significant regulation, funding requirements, and uncertainty. Our lab tenants face substantial requirements for, and risks related to, the research, development, clinical testing, manufacture, and commercialization of their products and technologies, including: significant funding requirements, including for rent payments due to us that may not be available; federal, state, and foreign regulatory approvals that may be costly or difficult to obtain, may take several years and be subject to delay, may not be obtained at all, require validation through clinical trials that may face delays or difficulties, or ultimately be unsuccessful; product and technology efficacy risks; acceptance risks among doctors and patients; significant regulatory and liability risks, including the possible later discovery of safety concerns and other defects and potential loss of approvals, competition from new products, and the expiration of patent protection; new and emerging laws aimed at the life science/biotechnology industry, increasing regulatory requirements and compliance costs, as well as healthcare reforms and reimbursement policies of government or private healthcare payors, including price controls for prescription drug prices; intellectual property and technology risks under patent, copyright, and trade secret laws; economic conditions potentially restricting growth opportunities; and new or emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and automation, that introduce advanced computational technologies into tenants research and development programs, which could accelerate and streamline a number of research and development functions and lead to a reconfiguration in space requirements by our tenants or decrease in demand for space over time. 15 Table of Contents Our lab tenants ability to raise capital depends on the actual or perceived viability of their products and technologies, their financial and operating condition and outlook, and the overall financial, banking, regulatory, and economic environment. If venture capital firms, private investors, the public markets, companies in the life science industry, the government, or other sources of funding are difficult to obtain or unavailable to support our tenants activities, including as a result of changes to regulatory policies and actions by the U.S. political administration (including those described earlier), general economic conditions, adverse market conditions, or uncertainty that negatively impact our tenants ability to raise capital, our tenants business would be adversely affected or could fail. In addition, several of our lab tenants build upon the earlier successful research conducted at research institutions and funded by NIH grants; sustained funding cuts to NIH grants could have long-lasting impacts to the industry and impede our tenants ability to build on such earlier successful research. If our lab tenants businesses are adversely affected, they may be unable to meet their financial obligations to us or expand within our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Decreases in our tenants , operators , or borrowers revenues, or increases in their expenses, or other factors adversely affecting their ability to borrow money, could affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. Occupancy levels at, and rental income from, our outpatient medical facilities and senior housing properties depend on our ability and the ability of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to compete with respect to (i) the quality of care provided, (ii) reputation, (iii) price, (iv) the range of services offered, (v) the physical appearance of a property, (vi) family preference, (vii) referral sources, and (viii) location. In addition, our tenants, operators, and borrowers compete with certain companies that provide similar healthcare services or alternatives such as home health agencies, telemedicine, life care at home, community-based service programs, retirement communities, and convalescent centers. There have been, and there are expected to continue to be, advances and changes in technology, payment models, healthcare delivery models, regulation, and consumer behavior, preferences, and perception that could reduce demand for on-site activities provided at our properties. If our tenants, operators, or borrowers are unable to adapt to long-term changes in demand, their financial condition could be materially impacted and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, these tenants, operators, and borrowers face a competitive labor market. A shortage of care givers or other trained personnel, shifts in immigration policy, union activities (including strikes, labor slowdowns, or contract negotiations), wage laws, or general inflationary pressures on wages may require our tenants, operators, and borrowers to enhance pay and benefits packages, or to use more expensive contract personnel, and they may be unable to offset these added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents or patients. An inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including personnel possessing the expertise needed to operate in the life science, outpatient medical, and senior housing sectors, could negatively impact the ability of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. Our tenants, operators, and borrowers could also be adversely impacted by a bank failure or other event affecting financial institutions, including through disruptions in access to bank deposits or borrowing capacity, including access to letters of credit from certain of our tenants relating to lease obligations, and any resulting adverse effects to our tenants , operators , or borrowers liquidity or financial performance could affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. Our tenants could also be adversely affected by tariffs, which could cause the import or export of materials, components, or specialized equipment they use to become prohibitively expense to use or sell. Although we generally have the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict a tenant or terminate an operator, demand immediate repayment of outstanding loan amounts or other obligations to us, or draw on a letter of credit, we may be unable to enforce these rights or we may determine not to do so if we believe that doing so would be more detrimental than alternative approaches. If widespread default or nonpayment of outstanding obligations from our tenants, operators, or borrowers occurs at a time when terminating our agreements with them and replacing them would be difficult or impossible, we could elect instead to amend our agreements on materially less favorable terms to us. The failure of our tenants, operators, or borrowers to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may be negatively impacted by the insolvency or bankruptcy of, or the inability to obtain funding by, one or more of our major tenants, operators, or borrowers. A downturn in our tenants , operators , or borrowers businesses has led, and could in the future lead, to voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or similar reorganization, restructuring, or insolvency proceedings, including assignment for the benefit of creditors, liquidation, or winding-up. Bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a defaulting tenant, operator, or borrower that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that has, and in the future may, render certain of our remedies unenforceable or, at the least, delay our ability to pursue such remedies and realize any related recoveries. 16 Table of Contents A debtor has the right to assume, or to assume and assign to a third party, or to reject its executory contracts and unexpired leases in a bankruptcy proceeding. We have been subject to rejection of our leases in the past and may experience such rejection in the future. When a debtor rejects its leases with us, obligations under such rejected leases cease. The claim against the rejecting debtor for remaining rental payments due under the lease is an unsecured claim limited by the statutory cap set forth in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap may be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In addition, a debtor may also assert in bankruptcy proceedings that certain leases should be re-characterized as financing agreements, which could result in our being deemed a lender instead of a landlord. A lender s rights and remedies, as compared to a landlord s, generally are materially less favorable, and our rights as a lender may be subject to lower priority for payment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Furthermore, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code preclude us from enforcing our remedies unless we first obtain relief from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. This effectively limits or delays our ability to collect unpaid rent or interest payments, and we may ultimately not receive any payment at all. In addition, we have been, and may again be, required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, insurance, debt costs, and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties, or transition our properties to a new tenant or operator. If we are unable to transition affected properties, they would likely experience prolonged operational disruption, leading to lower occupancy rates and further depressed revenues. Publicity about the operator s financial condition and insolvency proceeds may also negatively impact their and our reputations, decreasing customer demand and revenues. Any or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows. These risks could be magnified where we lease multiple properties to a single operator under a master lease, as an operator failure or default under a master lease would expose us to these risks across multiple properties. We depend on real estate investments, particularly in the healthcare property sector, making us more vulnerable to events affecting the healthcare property sector, including a downturn or slowdown in that sector, or laws affecting REIT ownership of healthcare properties. We concentrate our investments in the healthcare property sector. A downturn or slowdown in this sector would have a greater adverse impact on our business than if we had investments across multiple sectors, and could negatively impact the ability of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to meet their obligations to us, as well as their ability to maintain historical rental and occupancy rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Additionally, at various times, legislation potentially limiting REIT ownership and investment in the healthcare property sector has been introduced or is under discussion at the federal, state, and/or local level, including laws that would restrict REIT investment in the sector, reduce tax benefits for REITs that own healthcare properties, or require burdensome approvals for, or significantly delay the ability of, healthcare entities to transact with REITs. Such events impacting the healthcare property sector could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in the ownership of or investment in healthcare real estate, the value of our properties, or our ability to sell properties at prices or on terms acceptable or favorable to us. The illiquidity of our real estate investments may prevent us from timely responding to economic or investment performance changes. Our real estate investments can be relatively illiquid due to: (i) restrictions on our ability to sell properties under applicable REIT tax laws, (ii) other tax-related considerations, (iii) regulatory hurdles, and (iv) market conditions. As a result, we may be unable to recognize full value for any property that we seek to sell. Our inability to timely respond to economic or investment performance changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Identifying and securing new or replacement tenants or operators can be time consuming and costly. Healthcare properties can be highly customized, and the improvements generally required to conform a property to healthcare use are costly, sometimes tenant-specific, and may be subject to regulatory requirements. A new or replacement tenant or operator may require different features in a property, depending on that tenant s or operator s particular business. In addition, infrastructure improvements for outpatient medical and lab properties typically are significantly more expensive than improvements to other property types due to the highly specialized nature of the properties, and with respect to lab properties, the greater lease square footage often required by lab tenants. Therefore, we may incur substantial expenditures to modify a lab property and experience delays before we are able to secure a new or replacement tenant or operator or to accommodate multiple tenants or operators, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 17 Table of Contents In addition, we may fail to identify suitable replacements or enter into leases, management agreements, or other arrangements with new tenants or operators on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all. We also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations, such as real estate taxes, debt costs, insurance costs, and maintenance expenses, to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. In addition, we may incur certain obligations and liabilities, including obligations to indemnify the replacement tenant or operator. Identifying and securing new or replacement tenants or operators can be time consuming and costly, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Property development, redevelopment, and tenant improvement risks can render a project less profitable or unprofitable and delay or prevent its undertaking or completion. Our property development, redevelopment, and tenant improvement projects could be canceled, abandoned, delayed or, if completed, fail to perform in accordance with expectations due to, among other things: the inability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all, or the lack of liquidity we deem necessary or appropriate for the project; legal and regulatory hurdles, including moratoriums on development and redevelopment activities, climate regulatory requirements or expectations (such as net zero or carbon neutrality), or other building and energy performance requirements; the failure to obtain, or costs associated with obtaining, necessary zoning, entitlements, and permits; cost increases; and other factors over which we have limited or no control, including: (i) changes in market and economic conditions; (ii) decline in demand, including after construction has commenced; (iii) natural disasters and other catastrophic events or physical climate risks, such as floods, wildfires, earthquakes, and wind storms; (iv) pandemics or other health crises; (v) labor conditions, including a labor shortage or work stoppage; (vi) shortages of construction materials; (vii) environmental conditions; or (viii) civil unrest and acts of war or terrorism. Project costs may materially exceed original estimates due to, among other things: higher interest rates; increased costs for materials, transportation, environmental remediation, labor, or other inputs, including those caused by a shortage of construction materials or labor; negligent construction or construction defects; damage, vandalism, or accidents; and increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities, real estate taxes, and costs of complying with changes in government regulations or increases in tariffs. Delays in project completion also delay the commencement of related rental payments, including increases in rental payments following tenant improvement projects, and may provide tenants the right to terminate leases or cause us to incur additional costs, including through rent abatement. Demand for a project may decrease prior to a project s completion, and resulting lease-up rates, rental rates, lease commencement dates, and occupancy levels may fail to meet expectations. Tenants that have pre-leased at a project may file for bankruptcy or become insolvent, or elect to terminate their lease prior to delivery if they are acquired or for other reasons. Finally, a project may have defects that we do not discover through the inspection processes, including latent defects not discovered until after we put a property in service. The foregoing risks could result in not achieving anticipated returns on investment and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 18 Table of Contents The hospitals on whose campuses our outpatient medical buildings are located and their affiliated healthcare systems could fail to remain competitive or financially viable, which could adversely impact their ability to attract physicians and physician groups to our outpatient medical buildings and our other properties that serve the healthcare industry. The viability of hospitals depends on factors such as: (i) the quality and mix of healthcare services provided, (ii) competition for patients and physicians, (iii) demographic trends in the surrounding community, (iv) market position, (v) growth potential, and (vi) changes to the reimbursement system, as well as the ability of the affiliated healthcare systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. In addition, hospitals could be negatively affected by widespread cancellations of elective procedures due to health and safety measures or otherwise. If a hospital whose campus is located near one of our outpatient medical buildings is unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated healthcare system is unable to support that hospital or goes bankrupt, the hospital may be unable to successfully compete or could be forced to close, relocate, or be sold to another provider, which could adversely impact its ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related users. In addition, hospitals can also be adversely affected by increasing legal and regulatory scrutiny and hurdles, including requirements for hospitals to be able to engage in certain transactions or change owners or operators, which could impact the financial viability of the hospitals. Because we rely on our proximity to, and affiliations with, these hospitals to create tenant demand for space in our outpatient medical buildings, their inability to remain competitive or financially viable, or to attract physicians and physician groups, could adversely affect our outpatient medical building operations and have a material adverse effect on us. We assume operational risks with respect to our senior housing properties managed in RIDEA structures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Although the RIDEA structure gives us certain oversight approval rights (e.g., budgets and material contracts) and the right to review operational and financial reporting information, our operators are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the property. As a result, we have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of our senior housing properties, all of which are under RIDEA structures, and we depend on our operators to operate these properties in a manner that complies with applicable law, minimizes legal risk, and maximizes the value of our investment. Under a RIDEA structure, our TRS is ultimately responsible for all operational risks and other liabilities of the properties, other than those arising out of certain actions by our operator, such as gross negligence or willful misconduct. Operational risks include, and our resulting revenues therefore depend on, among other things: (i) occupancy rates; (ii) the entrance fees and rental rates charged to residents; (iii) the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, to the extent applicable, including changes to reimbursement rates; (iv) our operators reputations and ability to attract and retain residents; (v) general economic conditions and market factors that impact seniors, including general inflationary pressures; (vi) competition from other senior housing providers; (vii) compliance with federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations and standards; (viii) litigation involving our properties or residents/patients; (ix) the availability and cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage or increases in insurance policy deductibles; and (x) the ability to control operating expenses. Operators of our senior housing properties primarily depend on private sources for their revenues and the ability of their patients and residents to pay fees. Costs associated with independent and assisted living services are not generally reimbursable under governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Accordingly, our operators of these properties depend on attracting seniors with appropriate levels of income and assets, which may be affected by many factors, including: (i) prevailing economic and market trends, including general inflationary pressures; (ii) consumer confidence; (iii) demographics; (iv) property condition and safety; (v) public perception about such properties; (vi) social and environmental factors; and (vii) changes in consumer preferences (such as favoring home health services instead of residing in a senior housing community). In addition, epidemics, pandemics, and severe flu seasons or any other widespread illness could result in early move-outs or delayed move-ins during quarantine periods or during periods when actual or perceived risks of such illnesses are heightened, and have reduced, and could continue to reduce, our operators revenues. If our operators fail to effectively conduct operations on our behalf, or to maintain and improve our properties, it could adversely affect our business reputation as the owner of the properties, as well as the business reputation of our operators and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our and our operators business, results of operations, and financial condition. 19 Table of Contents Tenants, operators, and borrowers that fail to comply with federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations, including resident health and safety requirements, as well as licensure, certification, and inspection requirements, may cease to operate or be unable to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. Our tenants, operators, and borrowers across our segments are subject to or impacted by extensive, frequently changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations; see Item 1, Business Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement Healthcare Licensure and Certificate of Need for a discussion of certain of these laws and regulations. Unannounced surveys, inspections, or audits occur frequently, including following a regulator s receipt of a complaint about a facility, and these surveys, inspections, and audits can result in deficiencies and further adverse action. Our tenants , operators , or borrowers failure to comply with any of the laws, regulations, or requirements applicable to them could result in: (i) loss of accreditation; (ii) denial of reimbursement; (iii) imposition of fines and civil monetary penalties; (iv) suspension or decertification from government healthcare programs; (v) civil liability; and (vi) in certain instances, suspension, or denial of admissions, criminal penalties, loss of license, or closure of the property and/or the incurrence of considerable costs arising from an investigation or regulatory action, which may have an adverse effect on properties that we own and lease to a third party tenant in our outpatient medical and lab segments, that we own and operate through a RIDEA structure in our senior housing segment, or on which we are a lender, and therefore may materially adversely impact us. Furthermore, we are required under RIDEA to rely on our operators to oversee and direct these aspects of the properties operations to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. If one or more of our healthcare properties fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations, our TRS would be responsible (except in limited circumstances, such as the gross negligence or willful misconduct of our operators, where we would have a contractual claim against them), which could subject our TRS to penalties including loss or suspension of licenses, certification or accreditation, exclusion from government healthcare programs (i.e., Medicare, Medicaid), administrative sanctions, and civil monetary penalties. Some states also reserve the right to sanction affiliates of a licensee when they take administrative action against the licensee, and require a licensee to report all healthcare-related administrative actions that have been brought against any of the licensee s affiliates, even in other states. Additionally, when we receive individually identifiable health information relating to residents of our healthcare properties, we are subject to federal and state data privacy and security laws and rules, and could be subject to liability in the event of an audit, complaint, cybersecurity incident, or data breach. Furthermore, our TRS has exposure to professional liability claims that could arise out of resident claims, such as quality of care, and the associated litigation costs. Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our senior housing properties. Transfers of senior housing properties to successor owners or operators are typically subject to regulatory approvals or ratifications, including change of ownership approvals for licensure and Medicare / Medicaid (if applicable) that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial operations and other types of real estate. Federal and state authorities have become increasingly focused on the review and 