=== AMD_2026-02-04.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic and Strategic Risks • The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. • The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns. • The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. • The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting significant industry transitions. • The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. • Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. • Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. • If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. • Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us. Operational and Technology Risks • We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. • Essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes may not be available to us. • We may fail to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products. • Our revenue from our semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products is dependent upon our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into customers’ products and the success of those products. • Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. • IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt operations and compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. • Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us. • Our ability to design and introduce new products includes the use of third-party intellectual property. • We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products. • If we lose Microsoft Corporation’s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected. • Our reliance on third-party distributors and add-in-board (AIB) partners subjects us to certain risks. • Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. • Our products may not be compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. 15 Table of Conten t s • Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us. • We may fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand. • We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions. • We may be unable to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market. • Climate change may have an impact on our business. Legal and Regulatory Risks • Government actions and regulations, including but not limited to export regulations, import tariffs and trade protection measures, may limit our ability to export our products to certain customers. • If we cannot realize our deferred tax assets, our results of operations could be adversely affected. • Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities, including as a result of tax regulation changes. • We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation. • We are subject to environmental laws, conflict minerals regulations, as well as a variety of other laws or regulations. • Evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters could result in additional costs, harm to our reputation and a loss of customers. • Issues related to the responsible use of AI may result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability. • The agreements governing our notes, our guarantee of Xilinx’s notes and the Revolving Credit Agreement. • We may be required to satisfy financial obligations under guarantees and other commercial commitments. Merger, Acquisition, Divestiture, and Integration Risks • Acquisitions, joint ventures, and/or investments, and the failure to integrate acquired businesses may fail to materialize their anticipated benefits and could disrupt our business. • Any impairment of our tangible, definite-lived intangible or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. General Risks • Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters. • We may incur future impairments of our technology license purchases. • Our inability to continue to attract and retain key employees may hinder our business. • Our stock price is subject to volatility. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 16 Table of Conten t s Economic and Strategic Risks The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Delivering the latest and best products to market on time is critical to revenue growth. The competitiveness of our products depends on a number of factors including, performance, total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality and reliability, product features and capabilities, energy efficiency (including power consumption and battery life, given their impact on total cost of ownership), size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability. Competition is expected to remain intense, driven by rapid technological change, evolving standards, shifting customer preferences, product obsolescence, and frequent product launches from both established and new competitors. Some of our competitors may possess stronger market positions, larger customer bases, more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing, and distribution resources than us. As a result, they may be able to acquire market share or limit our ability to do so, more effectively capitalize on new market opportunities, and transition their products more efficiently than we can. Some competitors are pursuing alternative computing architectures, such as Arm, which could grow the Arm ecosystem and increase competition in consumer, commercial and data center, reducing demand for our products. Additionally, we may encounter competition from customers who internally develop products to support similar AI workloads to those supported by ours. Our competitors may use their market position and financial resources to market and price their products in a way to dissuade customers from purchasing from us. For example, Intel Corporation (Intel) uses its microprocessor market position to price its products aggressively and target our customers and channel partners with special incentives. These aggressive activities have reduced and may reduce our unit sales and average selling prices for many of our products, adversely affecting our business. Similarly, Nvidia Corporation (Nvidia) leverages its market position in data center GPU, financial resources, and proprietary software ecosystem to promote its systems and influences customers who do business with us. Our competitors’ business practices, including allocation strategies, pricing actions, product mix and introduction schedules, licensing terms, marketing arrangements, product bundling strategies, lack of software inoperability and business acquisitions can limit customers’ ability to choose alternative products, including ours. This may limit our market share and decrease our margins and profitability, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, strategic partnerships, acquisitions and business collaborations by and between our competitors may increase competition and adversely affect our business. For example, in September 2025, Nvidia announced a partnership and investment in Intel to partner on new data center and client platform products. This partnership may result in increased competition and pricing pressure for our products or could prevent us from participating in other opportunities, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and margins. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often alongside constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand, continuous new product introductions, price erosion and declines in general economic conditions. The growth of AI is further creating pressure on the semiconductor industry to timely design, manufacture and deliver semiconductor products and solutions to meet customer demand for computing power and AI infrastructure. We have incurred substantial losses in previous downturns, due to substantial declines in average selling prices; the cyclical nature of supply and demand imbalances in the semiconductor industry; a decline in demand for end-user products that incorporate our products; and excess inventory levels and periods of inventory adjustment. Such industry-wide fluctuations may materially adversely affect us in the future. Global economic uncertainty and weakness have in the past impacted the semiconductor market as consumers and businesses have deferred purchases, which negatively impacted demand for our products. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. The growth of our business is also dependent on continued demand for our products from high-growth adjacent emerging global markets. Our ability to be successful in such markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. If demand from these markets is below our expectations, sales of our products may decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on us. 17 Table of Conten t s The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may materially adversely affect us in the future. We offer products that are used in different end markets and the demand for our products can vary among our Data Center, Client, Gaming and Embedded end markets. In our Data Center segment, we offer products that are optimized for generative AI applications and since 2024, we have experienced significant demand for our AI accelerators. The demand for such products will in part depend on the extent to which our customers utilize generative AI solutions in a wide variety of applications, and both the near-term and long-term trajectory of such generative AI solutions is unknown. Some customers in AI markets may be unable to secure access to internal and external infrastructure, including availability of sufficient data center capacity or energy for the buildout of data centers that use our products. In addition, construction delays in the scheduled buildout of data centers could impact the timing of customer demand. Such delays in the buildout of data centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and future growth strategy. Customers may also lack, or be unable to, secure capital to fund their required AI infrastructure and may request alternative financing or deferred‑payment arrangements from vendors and suppliers. These limitations could delay or reduce the demand for our products, which could negatively impact our revenue. Our Client and Gaming segment revenue is focused on the consumer desktop and notebook PC segments and will depend in part on the market’s adoption of AI PCs. We are actively building AI capabilities into all our Client products, such as Ryzen AI PC processors, but there can be no assurance about the rate and pace of adoption of such product offerings. In the past, revenue from the Client and Gaming segment has experienced a decline driven by, among other factors, the adoption of smaller and other form factors, increased competition and changes in replacement cycles. In addition, our GPU revenue in the past has been affected in part by the volatility of the cryptocurrency mining market. If we are unable to manage the risks related to the volatility of the cryptocurrency mining market (including potential actions by global monetary authorities), our GPU business could be materially adversely affected. The success of our semi-custom SoC products in our Client and Gaming segment is dependent on securing customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and consumer market conditions, including the success of game console systems and next generation consoles for Sony and Microsoft. Our Embedded segment primarily includes embedded CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System on Modules (SOMs) and adaptive SoC products some of which are subject to macroeconomic trends and volatile business conditions. To the extent our embedded customers are faced with higher inventory levels, they may choose to draw down their existing inventory and order less of our products. 18 Table of Conten t s The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. Our success depends to a significant extent on the development, qualification, implementation and acceptance of new product designs and improvements that provide value to our customers. Our ability to identify industry changes, and adapt our strategy to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry trends and requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis, are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the evolving needs of industry changes or that our efforts to execute our product roadmap will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers. If we fail to or are delayed in identifying, developing, qualifying or shipping new products or technologies that provide value to our customers and address these new trends, or if we fail to predict which new form factors, product features preferences or requirements consumers will adopt and adapt our business accordingly, we may lose competitive positioning, which could cause us to lose market share. Although we make substantial investments in research and development, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement new products and technologies on a timely basis or that they will be well-received by our customers. Moreover, our investments in new products and technologies involve certain risks and uncertainties and could disrupt our ongoing business. New investments may not generate sufficient revenue and we may incur unanticipated liabilities. We cannot be certain that our ongoing investments in new products and technologies will be successful, will meet our expectations and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. For example, as part of our pervasive AI strategy, we have a portfolio of hardware products and software tools to allow our customers to develop scalable and pervasive AI solutions. We are actively building AI capabilities into our products, but there can be no assurance about the rate and pace of adoption of such product offerings. In our Data Center segment, we offer products that are optimized for generative AI applications and we have experienced significant demand for our AI accelerators. The demand for such products in part will depend on the extent to which our customers utilize generative AI solutions in a wide variety of applications as both the near-term and long-term trajectory of such generative AI solutions is unknown. If we fail to develop and timely offer or deploy such products and technologies, keep pace with the product offerings of our competitors, or adapt to unexpected changes in industry standards or disruptive technological innovation, our business could be adversely affected. Additionally, our efforts in developing new AI technology solutions are inherently risky and may not always succeed. We may incur significant costs, resources, investments and delays and not achieve a return on investment or capitalize on the opportunities presented by demand for AI solutions. Moreover, while AI adoption is likely to continue and may accelerate, the long-term trajectory of this technological trend is uncertain. Delays in developing, qualifying or shipping new products may cause us to miss our customers’ product design windows or, in some cases, breach contractual obligations. If our products are not selected by our customers in the initial design of their computer systems or products, they are typically excluded until at least the next design cycle. The process of being qualified for inclusion in a customer’s system or product can be lengthy and could cause us to further miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which could result in a loss of market share and harm our business. We also depend on the timing and success of our customers’ platform launches. If our customers delay their product launches or if our customers do not effectively market their platforms with our products, it could result in a delay in bringing our products to market and cause us to miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which could materially adversely affect our business. In addition, as market demand requires that products incorporate new features and performance standards on an industry-wide basis, product pricing declines over the life of a specific product. The introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain the overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to introduce new products with sufficiently high sale prices or to increase unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the sale prices of existing products over time, our business could be materially adversely affected. Product transition risks may increase as the computing industry shifts toward shorter launch cycles and a broader range of accelerated computing platforms. Product transitions are complex and as such we may ship both new and prior-generation products concurrently. Customer adoption patterns can vary and while some customers may shift to newer products more quickly and reduce demand for current-generation offerings, other customers may lower their inventory of existing products before purchasing new ones. The increased frequency of product transitions and expansion of our product portfolio heightens the challenges of managing our supply and demand, which could adversely affect our revenue and inventory management. The increasing frequency and complexity of our newly introduced products may also result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could result in product delays. 19 Table of Conten t s The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. We depend on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our business and we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a significant part of our revenue and receivables in the future. If one of our key customers decides to stop buying our products, materially reduces its operations or its demand for our products, or has operations that are materially impaired for a significant period of time such that it is unable to receive or utilize our products, or pay its liabilities, our business would be materially adversely affected. Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. Uncertain global or regional economic conditions have and may in the future adversely impact our business. Uncertainty in the economic environment or other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, fluctuating interest rates, recession, slowing growth, increased unemployment, tighter credit markets, changes or uncertainty in fiscal monetary or trade policy, implementation of new or increased tariffs, retaliatory tariffs by other countries or other trade restrictions, or currency fluctuations, may negatively impact consumer confidence and spending causing our customers to stop or postpone purchases. During challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products. Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that they owe us. If current or prospective customers default on or delay payments to us, our earnings and cash flow could be adversely impacted. This risk is heightened as we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of our revenue. Moreover, our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent, thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. Adverse changes in economic conditions could increase costs of memory, equipment, materials or substrates and other supply chain expenses. For example, there is currently an industry-wide memory shortage as the demand for such components has outpaced supply. The price of memory has also increased as a result of the shortage. If we are not able to procure a stable supply of materials, including memory, on an ongoing basis and at reasonable costs to meet our production requirements, we could experience a supply shortage or an increase in production costs, which could negatively impact our gross margin and materially adversely affect our business. Our ability to forecast our operating results, make business decisions and execute our business strategy could be adversely impacted by challenging macroeconomic conditions. In addition, uncertain economic conditions could lead to higher borrowing costs and reduced availability of capital and credit markets, making it more difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or public sales of debt or equity securities. An economic downturn or increased uncertainty could also lead to failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments and declines in the value of our financial instruments. If a banking institution in which we hold funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of such uninsured funds, which in turn could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and ability to meet our operating expense obligations. Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. The profile of our sales may be weighted differently during the year. A large portion of our quarterly sales have historically been made in the last month of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes prediction of revenue for each financial period difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. In addition, our operating results tend to vary seasonally with the markets in which our products are sold. For example, historically, our net revenue has been generally higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, although market conditions and product transitions could impact these trends. Many of the factors that create and affect quarterly and seasonal trends are beyond our control. If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. We rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, copyrights, patents, trademarks and common law rights, such as trade secrets, to protect our intellectual property. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property from third-party infringement or from misappropriation in the United States and abroad. Any patent licensed by us or issued to us could be challenged, invalidated, expire, or circumvented or rights granted thereunder may not provide a competitive advantage to us. 20 Table of Conten t s Furthermore, patent applications that we file may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our intellectual property on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection than afforded in the U.S. and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may be compromised, and our business would be materially adversely affected. Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us. We have costs, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies. As a consequence, movements in exchange rates could cause our foreign currency denominated expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue, affecting our profitability and cash flows. Whenever we believe appropriate, we hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We determine our total foreign currency exposure using projections of long-term expenditures for items such as payroll. We cannot assure you that these activities will be effective in reducing foreign exchange rate exposure. Failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, the majority of our product sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the local currency may impact the cost of our products in the local currency for international customers. An appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency could reduce sales of our products. Operational and Technology Risks We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. We utilize third-party wafer foundries to fabricate the silicon wafers for all of our products. We rely on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC) for the production of all wafers for microprocessor and GPU products at 7 nanometer (nm) or smaller nodes, and we rely primarily on GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF) for wafers for microprocessor and GPU products manufactured at process nodes larger than 7 nm. We also utilize TSMC, United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. for our integrated circuits (IC) in the form of programmable logic devices. We also rely on third-party manufacturers to assemble, test, mark and pack (ATMP) our products. Our third-party package assembly partners are responsible for packaging technology used to fabricate our products. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these third-party manufacturing suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand. We cannot guarantee that these manufacturers or our other third-party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. If we experience supply constraints from our third-party manufacturing suppliers, we may b

=== AMD_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic and Strategic Risks • The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. • The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns. • The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. • The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting significant industry transitions. • The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. • Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. • Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. • If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. • Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us. Operational and Technology Risks • We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. • Essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes may not be available to us. • We may fail to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products. • Our revenue from our semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products is dependent upon our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into customers’ products and the success of those products. • Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. • IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt operations and compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. • Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us. • Our ability to design and introduce new products includes the use of third-party intellectual property. • We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products. 31 Table of Contents • If we lose Microsoft Corporation’s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected. • Our reliance on third-party distributors and add-in-board (AIB) partners subjects us to certain risks. • Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. • Our products may not be compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. • Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us. • We may fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand. • We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions. • We may be unable to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market. • Climate change may have an impact on our business. Legal and Regulatory Risks • Government actions and regulations, including but not limited to export regulations, import tariffs and trade protection measures, may limit our ability to export our products to certain customers. • If we cannot realize our deferred tax assets, our results of operations could be adversely affected. • Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities, including as a result of tax regulation changes. • We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation. • We are subject to environmental laws, conflict minerals regulations, as well as a variety of other laws or regulations. • Evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters could result in additional costs, harm to our reputation and a loss of customers. • Issues related to the responsible use of AI may result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability. • The agreements governing our notes, our guarantee of Xilinx’s notes and the Revolving Credit Agreement. • We may be required to satisfy financial obligations under guarantees, leases and other commercial commitments. Merger, Acquisition, Divestiture, and Integration Risks • Acquisitions, joint ventures, and/or investments, and the failure to integrate acquired businesses may fail to materialize their anticipated benefits and could disrupt our business. • Any impairment of our tangible, definite-lived intangible or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. General Risks • Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters. • We may incur future impairments of our technology license purchases. • Our inability to continue to attract and retain key employees may hinder our business. • Our stock price is subject to volatility. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 32 Table of Contents Economic and Strategic Risks The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Delivering the latest and best products to market on time is critical to revenue growth. The competitiveness of our products depends on a number of factors including, performance, total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality and reliability, product features and capabilities, energy efficiency (including power consumption and battery life, given their impact on total cost of ownership), size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability. Competition is expected to remain intense, driven by rapid technological change, evolving standards, shifting customer preferences, product obsolescence, and frequent product launches from both established and new competitors. Some of our competitors may possess stronger market positions, larger customer bases, more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing, and distribution resources than us. As a result, they may be able to acquire market share or limit our ability to do so, more effectively capitalize on new market opportunities, and transition their products more efficiently than we can. Some competitors are pursuing alternative computing architectures, such as Arm, which could grow the Arm ecosystem and increase competition in consumer, commercial and data center, reducing demand for our products. Additionally, we may encounter competition from customers who internally develop products to support similar AI workloads to those supported by ours, or as AI continues to advance and be integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors may use their market position