=== AMD_2026-02-04.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors and the Financial Condition section set forth in Part II, Item 7-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD A, and such other risks and uncertainties as set forth below in this report or detailed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reports and filings. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Additionally, we make certain voluntary disclosures in this report and on our website, which are informed by various standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data), and the interests of various stakeholders. As such, these voluntary disclosures may not necessarily be material under the federal securities laws for SEC reporting purposes. Furthermore, much of this information is subject to methodological considerations or information, including from third-parties, that is still evolving and subject to change, and which AMD does not independently verify. For example, our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable government policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 1 Table of Conten t s References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to AMD, we, us, management, our or the Company mean Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries. Overview AMD drives innovation in high performance and AI computing to solve the world s most important challenges. AMD technology powers billions of experiences across cloud and AI infrastructure, embedded systems, AI PCs and gaming. With a broad portfolio of AI-optimized CPUs, GPUs, networking and software, AMD delivers full-stack solutions that help customers turn data into breakthroughs, with the speed and scale needed for a new era of intelligent computing. Our high-performance product portfolios provide differentiated solutions, including semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoCs), adaptive SoCs and accelerated processing units (APUs). For data centers, we offer AI accelerators, microprocessors (CPUs), graphic processing units (GPUs), data processing units (DPUs), AI Network Interface Cards (AI NICs) and field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). We offer ultra-low latency networking solutions. We also offer data center rack-scale platform designs that incorporate AMD data center products to meet the growing performance demands of AI supercomputers and machine learning workloads. In client computing, our CPUs, APUs and chipsets for desktops and notebooks deliver performance, efficiency, AI capabilities and modern security features for gamers, creators, consumers and enterprises. AMD was the first company to integrate a dedicated neural processing unit (NPU) on the same SoC as an x86 CPU for AI PCs. By bringing NPU accelerated AI capabilities directly into mainstream x86 platforms, we established a differentiated technology footprint that supports a growing ecosystem of AI enabled applications and lays the groundwork for the multi generation Ryzen AI roadmap that continues to expand our leadership. Our GPUs, including discrete GPUs and semi-custom SoCs, are combined with software to power immersive gaming experiences across PCs, game consoles and cloud gaming services. Our embedded computing portfolio delivers high-performance, scalable solutions across CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System-on-Modules (SOMs) and adaptive SoCs for markets such as automotive, industrial, healthcare, storage and networking with integrated AI processing capabilities. We develop comprehensive software stacks that include development tools, compilers and drivers to enable our high-performance CPUs, APUs, GPUs and FPGAs. We have a comprehensive and open AI software stack to support the diverse set of AI ecosystems across frameworks, large and small language models and applications. By working closely with customers, we deliver customized solutions that meet their evolving needs, leveraging our broad IP portfolio and leadership in design, integration and advanced packaging. Our investments in technologies such as our custom-ready chiplet platform and AMD Infinity Fabric switch position us to maintain our leadership as a custom-design silicon provider of choice. Our Strategy We believe AI is shaping the next era of computing and its full potential will be realized when it becomes pervasive across cloud, edge and endpoint devices. With our compute engines, intellectual property, software enablement and deep expertise, AMD is positioned to lead in this next computing era. Our broad portfolio spans supercomputing, cloud, edge, embedded and end devices, providing the unique opportunity to make AMD the end-to-end AI leader. In 2025, a key priority was accelerating growth in our Data Center segment. Demand for our data center AI accelerator products was strong as large hyperscale customers, OEMs and ODMs deployed our AMD Instinct MI350X Series GPUs. We advanced our AMD AI GPU roadmap to deliver an annual cadence of leadership for AMD Instinct solutions, beginning with the AMD Instinct MI350 Series GPUs in 2025. Beyond GPUs, we launched the 5th Gen AMD EPYC family of server processors in 2025, which deliver leadership performance and capabilities for a wide range of data center workloads, including AI. In addition, we previewed our Helios AI rack-scale platform solution that incorporates all of our data center products (CPUs, GPUs and Networking) to address the growing AI compute requirements. We strengthened our AI leadership through a number of strategic acquisitions during the year. In March 2025, we acquired ZT Group Int l, Inc. (ZT Systems), where we retained certain intellectual property and employees associated with the design operations (ZT Design Business). This acquisition enables us to deliver end-to-end AI solutions and accelerate the design and deployment of AMD-powered AI infrastructure at scale optimized for the cloud. In October 2025, we sold the ZT data center infrastructure manufacturing business (ZT Manufacturing Business) to Sanmina Corporation (Sanmina). We made other strategic acquisitions during the year to advance our software capabilities and enable highly optimized solutions across the stack, support co-packaged optics solutions for next-generation AI systems, and bring deep expertise in high-speed inference and reasoning-based AI technologies for large-scale deployments. 2 Table of Conten t s We believe that AI systems will require not only powerful chips, but also full-stack innovation across compute, networking, systems architecture and software. AMD is uniquely positioned to deliver across this stack, combining industry-leading CPUs, GPUs and adaptive SoCs with networking, software and system integration expertise. We continue to invest in software capabilities and the open ecosystem through the AMD ROCm platform, delivering new features for high-performance AI training and inference. In 2025, we introduced key optimizations and expanded support for frameworks and libraries, improving performance for generative AI workloads and simplifying the developer experience. In October 2025, we entered into a product purchase agreement with OpenAI OpCo, LLC, (OpenAI) to deploy 6 gigawatts of AMD GPUs, with the deployment of the first gigawatt of capacity powered by our AMD Instinct MI450 series products. This multiyear strategic partnership with OpenAI demonstrates our continued execution of hardware, software and full-stack solutions roadmaps. Our Business Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, we combined the Client and Gaming segments into one reportable segment to align with how we manage our business. All prior period segment data were retrospectively adjusted. Our three reportable segments are: the Data Center segment, which primarily includes AI accelerators, CPUs for servers, GPUs, APUs, DPUs, AI NICs, FPGAs and SoC products for data centers; the Client and Gaming segment, which primarily includes CPUs, APUs, chipsets for desktops and notebooks, discrete GPUs, and semi-custom SoC products and development services; and the Embedded segment, which primarily includes embedded CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, SOMs, and adaptive SoC products. From time to time, the Company may also sell or license portions of its IP portfolio. In addition to these reportable segments, we have an All Other category, which is not a reportable segment. Data Center Segment Data Center Market The Data Center segment primarily includes server-class CPUs, GPUs, AI accelerators, DPUs, AI NICs, FPGAs, and adaptive SoC products. We leverage our technology to address the computational, visual data processing and AI workload acceleration needs in the data center market. Modern data centers require high performance, energy efficient, scalable and adaptable compute engines to meet the demand driven by the growing amount of data that needs to be stored, accessed, analyzed and managed. Different combinations of CPUs, GPUs, DPUs, AI NICs, FPGAs and adaptive SoCs enable the optimization of performance and power for a diverse set of workloads. Data Center Products Server CPUs. Our CPUs for server platforms currently include the AMD EPYC Series processors. EPYC CPUs, which are based on the x86 architecture, are server-specific processors designed for high-performance computing, enterprise IT, supercomputing, and large data centers. Our 5th generation AMD EPYC family of server processors delivers improved performance and efficiency for AI, cloud and enterprise workloads. Data Center GPUs. Our AMD Instinct family of GPU products, including AMD Instinct MI200, MI300, MI325 and MI350 series, are based on AMD CDNA architecture and designed for AI training, inference and exascale-class scientific computing. We also announced next-generation AMD Instinct MI355X GPUs for large-scale AI deployments. Our visual cloud GPU offerings include products in the AMD Radeon PRO V families. Our visual cloud data center GPUs include a range of solutions tailored towards workloads requiring remote visualization, such as Desktop-as-a-Service, Workstation-as-a-Service and Cloud Gaming. FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs. We offer a wide range of FPGAs, adaptive SoCs and acceleration cards for the data center. Devices include the Virtex , Kintex , Artix , and Spartan FPGA products, as well as Zynq and Versal adaptive SoCs. Our Alveo accelerator cards provide a platform for accelerating multiple data center workloads at the edge or in the cloud. 3 Table of Conten t s Networking Products. Our AMD Pensando DPUs and comprehensive networking software stack offload data center infrastructure services from the host CPU and are used by large Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) cloud providers to accelerate workload performance for hosted virtualized and bare-metal offerings. We introduced our AMD Pensando Pollara 400 AI NICs and Vulcano AI NICs, which deliver high-speed connectivity across GPU clusters providing high-performance, AI-ready, flexible solutions for scale-out networking. The AMD Solarflare portfolio continues to offer low latency networking solutions for capital markets, including hardware adapters and the Onload user space networking libraries. Client and Gaming Segment Client Business Client Market Our CPUs and APUs power PCs that are an integral part of how customers work, learn and play. The Client market encompasses the global personal computing ecosystem, including desktop and notebook PCs sold primarily through OEMs, distributors and select direct customers. Our products consist mainly of x86 CPUs and APUs marketed under the AMD Ryzen and AMD Ryzen AI brands for consumer, commercial and enthusiast segments. Our customers focus on a combination of performance, efficiency, reliability, and value that aligns with their specific use cases. We built a leadership roadmap across these areas and are continuing to further differentiate end user experiences by infusing AI across our portfolio. Client Products Desktop CPUs. Our desktop CPU and APU offerings include the AMD Ryzen and AMD Ryzen Threadripper processors. The Ryzen 9000 Series processors feature Zen 5 cores, along with X3D models featuring 2nd generation AMD 3D V-Cache technology for leadership gaming performance. In 2025, we launched processors for gaming and content creation with Ryzen 9 9950X3D and Ryzen 9 9900X3D. In January 2026, we announced the Ryzen 7 9850X3D, in addition to our Ryzen 7 9800X3D series. Our Ryzen Threadripper 9000 Series processors for professional workstations feature increased core counts, expanded memory bandwidth and updated platform capabilities. Our portfolio also includes a broad range of Ryzen 9000 and Ryzen series desktop processors featuring a wide range of capabilities and price points for the growing Socket AM5 platform. In 2025, we released additional AMD Ryzen G Series processors with integrated advanced graphics to extend the longevity of the Socket AM4 platform. Notebook CPUs. Our latest mobile processors are designed to deliver premium laptop experiences with local AI. In 2025, we launched AMD Ryzen AI 300 Series processors featuring a next generation NPU supporting Microsoft Copilot+ PCs, our latest Zen 5 architecture and our AMD RDNA 3.5 graphics architecture. In January 2026, we launched our Ryzen AI 400 series processors, the next generation of processors for AI PCs. Building on our AI PC momentum, we expanded our portfolio by introducing Ryzen AI-powered platforms across notebooks and mini desktops and introduced a new reference platform for AI developers in January 2026, the Ryzen AI Halo, that features up to 128GB of memory for large AI model support. We also expanded the Ryzen AI Max processor lineup with the Ryzen AI Max+392 and Ryzen AI Max+388 to enable wider price points for our maximum GPU configurations. Our AMD Ryzen 8000 Series mobile processors, built on the Zen 4 architecture feature our first generation NPU, and our Ryzen 10 and 100 series mobile processors, powered by both our Zen 2 and Zen 3+ core architectures, all address mainstream consumer and commercial markets. For handheld gaming systems, our Ryzen Z1 Series continues to deliver immersive experiences, and we introduced the Ryzen Z2 Series, bringing higher efficiency and improved graphics performance for portable gaming devices including the new Asus ROG Xbox Ally. 4 Table of Conten t s Commercial CPUs. AMD Ryzen PRO solutions deliver enterprise-class security, manageability, and reliability for commercial client PCs including business notebooks, desktops, and workstations. In 2025, we reinforced our leadership in commercial computing with new Ryzen PRO offerings that integrate AI capabilities, delivering performance, mobility, and enterprise features for our customers. Our AMD Ryzen AI PRO 300 Series, brings world-class security and manageability, with leadership productivity, battery life and AI capabilities to business notebooks and mobile workstations. With the announcement of our Ryzen AI 400 PRO Series, we continued to expand our next gen AI PC leadership and offerings. In 2025, we also launched the AMD Ryzen PRO 200 Series mobile processors that expand our commercial CPU portfolio enabling high performance PCs spanning a range of price points. For desktops, the AMD Ryzen PRO 8000G Series desktops offer an integrated AI solution for enterprises, and our AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO CPU enables leadership performance, expanded memory bandwidth and platform reliability for premium workstations. Chipsets. We offer a full suite of chipset products to support our AMD Ryzen and AMD Ryzen Threadripper platforms, for entry level through professional workstation desktop systems. These chipsets complement our latest CPU innovations, supporting robust connectivity and scalability for diverse client computing needs. Gaming Business Graphics Market Graphics processing is a fundamental component across many of our products. Our customers generally use our graphics solutions to enable immersive visualization and to process AI/ML based workloads. We develop our graphics products for use in various computing devices and entertainment platforms, including data centers, desktop PCs, notebook PCs, handheld devices, All-in-Ones and professional workstations. In addition, we leverage our core IP, including graphics and processing technologies, to develop semi-custom solutions deeply co-engineered with our customers, which has enabled many of today s leading gaming consoles and handheld gaming products. Semi-Custom Products. Our semi-custom products are tailored, high-performance, customer-specific solutions based on CPU, GPU and multi-media technologies. We work closely with our customers to define solutions precisely matching their system requirements. AMD semi-custom SoC products power the Sony PlayStation 5, the Microsoft Xbox Series S and X game consoles, as well as the recently revealed Valve Steam Machine PC. Discrete Desktop and Notebook GPUs . Our AMD Radeon RX discrete GPU processors for PCs power the latest gaming and creation platforms. In 2025, we released our Radeon RX 9000 Series graphics cards, based on a new AMD RDNA 4 architecture, designed for increased AI performance, new levels of ray tracing capabilities and enhanced performance per watt to deliver new levels of performance for gamers and creators. All of our graphics products are supported by the AMD software: Adrenalin Edition application, which is regularly enhanced to provide the latest in performance, features, and stability. We also released FSR Redstone gaming technologies to integrate Machine Learning for improved performance and visuals on our Radeon RX 9000 graphics cards. Professional GPUs. Our AMD Radeon PRO family of professional graphics products are designed for integration in desktop workstations, optimized through hardware and software for demanding use cases such as 3D rendering, design and manufacturing for Computer-Aided Design (CAD), and media and entertainment for broadcast and animation pipelines on high resolution displays. In 2025, we launched our Radeon AI PRO R9000 Series of graphics cards, intended for local AI inference and creative workloads enabling professionals to accelerate AI-driven content creation and advanced visualization tasks directly on their workstation. 5 Table of Conten t s Embedded Segment The Embedded Market The Embedded segment primarily includes embedded CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, and adaptive SoC products. Embedded products address computing needs in aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test and measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting, and data center. Typically, our embedded products are used in applications that require varying levels of performance, where key features may include relatively low power, small form factors, and 24x7 operations. High-performance graphics are important in some embedded systems. Support for Linux , Windows and other operating systems as well as for increasingly sophisticated applications are also critical for some customers. Other requirements may include meeting rigid specifications for industrial temperatures, shock, vibration and reliability. The embedded market has moved from developing proprietary, custom designs to leveraging industry-standard instruction set architectures and processors to help reduce cost and speed time to market. Embedded Products Embedded CPUs and APUs . Our embedded portfolio expanded in 2025 with the introduction of three new AMD EPYC embedded processor series: AMD EPYC Embedded 9005 Series, EPYC Embedded 4005 Series processors and EPYC Embedded 2005 Series. These new series deliver enhanced performance and extended lifecycles for networking, storage, and edge server applications. We also launched the AMD Ryzen Embedded 9000 Series processors, offering performance-per-watt and low latency for automation systems and machine vision applications. In January 2026, we introduced a new family of Ryzen AI Embedded series processors with two new series: the Ryzen AI Embedded P100 and Ryzen AI Embedded X100 Series. These additions complement our existing AMD EPYC Embedded CPUs and AMD Ryzen Embedded Series processors including V-Series APUs and CPUs and R-Series APUs and CPUs. Our embedded solutions are designed to support high performance compute, high-bandwidth network connectivity and security, high-performance storage requirements for enterprise and cloud infrastructure, 3D graphics performance and 4K multimedia requirements of automotive infotainment systems. FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs. O ur FPGA products are hardware-customizable devices that can be tailored to meet the specific needs of each customer, enabling them to differentiate their products and accelerate time to market. Our FPGA families include AMD UltraScale+ , UltraScale 7 Series, and other earlier series. Adaptive SoC products include the AMD Zynq SoC and Zynq UltraScale+ Multi-Processing System-on-a-Chip (MPSoC), which combine FPGA technology with a heterogeneous processing system, as well as the industry s first RFSoC architecture with integrated radio frequency (RF) data converters (Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoC and Zynq RFSoC DFE). The AMD Versal portfolio, composed of software-programmable adaptive SoCs, is a heterogeneous compute platform that combines a processing system, programmable logic, AI Engines, and digital signal processing (DSP) Engines. The Versal devices achieve dramatic system-level performance improvements over today's fastest FPGA competitors solutions and accelerate applications in a wide variety of markets, including aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test and measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting, and data center. Our Versal RF Series delivers compute performance for aerospace and defense applications. We introduced our Versal Premium Series Gen 2, the first adaptive compute devices supporting next-generation CXL and PCIe connectivity. Development Boards, Kits and Configuration Products. We offer development kits for all our FPGA and adaptive SoCs. These kits include hardware, development tools, IP, and reference designs that streamline and accelerate the development of domain-specific and market-specific applications. We continue to enhance developer productivity with expanded support for AMD Kria SOMs and starter kits, enabling rapid prototyping and deployment for motor control and edge AI applications. Our Kria K24 SOM provides high determinism and low latency for powering electric drives and motor controllers used in compute-intensive DSP applications at the edge. Coupled with our Kria KD240 Drives Starter Kit, an out-of-the-box-ready motor control-based development platform, the products offer a seamless path to production deployment. 6 Table of Conten t s Design Platforms and Services Adaptable Platforms. We offer two types of platforms that support our customers' designs and reduce their development efforts: FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. FPGAs feature reconfigurable hardware as well as integrated memory, DSP, analog mixed signal, high-speed serial transceivers and networking cores coupled with advanced software for a broad range of applications in all of our end markets. Our adaptive SoCs feature a heterogeneous processing system with integrated programmable hardware fabric targeting embedded systems that need real-time control, analytics, sensor fusion and adaptable hardware for differentiation and acceleration. Our Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoCs feature integrated high-performance RF data converters targeting wireless, radar and cable access applications. Enabled by both hardware and software design tools and an extensive operating system, middleware, software stack and IP ecosystem, adaptive SoCs target software developers as well as traditional hardware designers. Our Versal portfolio combines a processing system, programmable logic, AI Engines, and DSP Engines with leading-edge memory and interfacing technologies to deliver powerful heterogeneous acceleration for any application. This product portfolio is ideally suited to accelerate a broad set of applications in the emerging era of big data and AI. Software Development Platform. Our AMD Vivado Design Suite provides hardware design teams with the tools and methodology needed to program FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. Our Vitis unified software platform enables the development and deployment of embedded software and accelerated applications on our FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. Our Vitis AI unified software platform enables the development and deployment of AI software on our FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. Sales and Marketing We sell our products via a direct sales force, our OEMs (as described in detail below) and through independent distributors and sales representatives in both domestic and international markets. Our sales arrangements generally operate on the basis of product forecasts provided by the particular customer, but do not typically include any commitment or requirement for minimum product purchases. We use purchase orders and related documents, and contractual agreements as evidence of our sales arrangements. Our agreements typically contain standard terms and conditions covering matters such as payment terms, warranties and indemnities for issues specific to our products. We generally warrant that our products sold to our customers will conform to our approved specifications and be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and conditions for one year. We offer up to three-year limited warranties for certain product types and sometimes provide other warranty periods based on negotiated terms with certain customers. We market and sell our latest products under the AMD trademark. Our product brand for server microprocessors is AMD EPYC processors. Our product brands for data center graphics are AMD Instinct accelerators and AMD Radeon PRO V Series. Our product brands for data center networking are AMD Pensando Pollara 400 AI NIC and AMD Pensando Salina DPU. Our product brand for low-latency adapters for FinTech is AMD Solarflare adapters. Our client product brands for desktop and notebook PCs include: AMD Ryzen , AMD Ryzen AI, AMD Ryzen PRO, AMD Ryzen Threadripper , AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO, AMD Athlon , and AMD PRO A-Series processors. Our product brand for the consumer graphics market is AMD Radeon graphics, and AMD Embedded Radeon graphics is our product brand for the embedded graphics market. Our product brand for professional graphics products is AMD Radeon PRO graphics. We also market and sell our chipsets under AMD trademarks. Our FPGA products are Virtex 6, Virtex 7, Virtex UltraScale+, Kintex 7, Kintex UltraScale , Kintex UltraScale+, Artix 7, Artix UltraScale+, Spartan 6, and Spartan 7 brands. 7 Table of Conten t s Our product brands for adaptive SoCs are Zynq 7000, Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC, Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoCs, Versal HBM, Versal Premium, Versal Prime, Versal AI Core and Versal AI Edge. The software tools for our programmable devices are Vitis , Vitis AI , and Vivado tools. Our System-on-Module (SOM) product is the Kria brand. We also sell low-power versions of our AMD Athlon , as well as AMD Geode , AMD Ryzen , AMD EPYC , AMD R Series and G Series processors as embedded processor solutions. Our compute and network acceleration board products are sold under the Alveo and Pensando brands. We market our products through direct marketing and co-marketing programs. In addition, we have cooperative advertising and marketing programs with customers and third parties, including market development programs, pursuant to which we may provide product information, training, marketing materials and funds. Under our co-marketing development programs, eligible customers can use market development funds as reimbursement for advertisements and marketing programs related to our products and third-party systems integrating our products, subject to meeting defined criteria. Customers Our Data Center Segment customers consist primarily of hyperscale data centers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), system integrators and independent distributors in both domestic and international markets. ODMs provide design and/or manufacturing services to branded and unbranded private label resellers, OEMs and system builders. Our Client and Gaming Segment customers consist primarily of PC OEMs, a network of independent distributors and, for chipset products, ODMs that manufacture motherboards. PC OEMs and independent distributors as well as add-in-board manufacturers (AIBs), independent game console and portable gaming devices manufacturers and contract manufacturers for AMD branded graphics cards. Our Embedded Segment products are sold to customers in a very wide range of markets such as aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test and measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting and data center. For these products, we either sell directly to our customers or through a network of distributors and OEM partners. We are also developing a network of Value Added Resellers (VARs) and Integrated Solution Vendors (ISVs) for our Alveo products. We work closely with our customers to define product features, performance and timing of new products so that the products we are developing meet our customers needs. We also employ application engineers to assist our customers in designing, testing and qualifying system designs that incorporate our products. We believe that our commitment to customer service and design support improves our customers time to market and fosters relationships that encourage customers to use the next generation of our products. We also work with our customers to create differentiated products that leverage our CPU, GPU, APU, DPU, AI NIC, and FPGA technology. Certain customers pay us non-recurring engineering fees for design and development services and a purchase price for the resulting products. Original Equipment Manufacturers We focus on three types of OEM partners: multi-nationals, selected regional accounts and selected global and local system integrators, who target commercial and consumer end customers of all sizes. Large multi-nationals and regional accounts are the core of our OEM partners business; however, we are increasingly focused on the VAR channel, which resells OEM systems to the mid-market and the small and medium business (SMB) segments. Additionally, we have increased our focus on global system integrators, which resell OEM systems, coupled with their software and services solutions into Enterprise, High Performance Computing (HPC) and Cloud Service Provider customers. Our OEM customers include numerous foreign and domestic manufacturers of servers and workstations, desktops, notebooks, PC motherboards and game consoles. 8 Table of Conten t s Hyperscale Data Centers Large multi-national public cloud service providers and hyperscale private data centers directly and indirectly purchase a substantial portion of our data center-focused products, including server CPUs, GPU accelerators, DPUs, AI NICs, FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. These products are incorporated into servers and other data center appliances sold by OEMs to the hyperscale customers or into custom servers or hardware designed by or for these customers and manufactured by ODMs or contract manufacturers. Hyperscale data centers use these products to operate web-based applications or to support public cloud computing and storage service offerings, including but not limited to AI workloads such as generative AI models. Third-Party Distributors Our authorized channel distributors resell to sub-distributors, OEMs, ODMs and other customers. Typically, distributors handle a wide variety of products, and may include products from other manufacturers that compete with our products. Distributors typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price reductions and provide certain return rights with respect to any product that we have removed from our price book or are otherwise subject to discontinuation. In addition, some agreements with our distributors may contain standard stock rotation provisions permitting limited product returns. Add-in-Board (AIB) Manufacturers and System Integrators We offer component-level graphics and chipset products to AIB manufacturers who in turn build and sell board-level products using our technology to system integrators (SIs), retailers and sub distributors. In most instances, our agreements with AIBs protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. We also sell directly to some SI customers. SIs typically sell from positions of regional or product-based strength in the market. They usually operate on short design cycles and can respond quickly with new technologies. SIs often use discrete graphics solutions as a means to differentiate their products and add value to their customers. Competition The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving and delivering the latest and best products to market on time is critical to revenue growth. The competitiveness of our products depends on a number of factors including, performance, total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality and reliability, product features and capabilities, energy efficiency (including power consumption and battery life, given their impact on total cost of ownership), size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability. Competition is expected to remain intense, driven by rapid technological change, evolving standards, shifting customer preferences, product obsolescence, and frequent product launches from both established and new competitors. Competition in Data Center Segment In the Data Center segment, we compete primarily against Intel Corporation (Intel) and Nvidia Corporation (Nvidia with our CPU, GPU DPU and AI NIC server products. In addition, we compete against Altera with our FPGA and adaptive SoC server products. A variety of smaller fabless silicon companies offer proprietary accelerator solutions and Arm -based CPUs targeting data center use cases. In addition, some of our customers are internally developing their own data center microprocessor products and accelerator products which could impact the available market for our products. Competition in Client and Gaming Segment Our primary competitor in the supply of CPUs and APUs is Intel. A variety of companies provide or have developed Arm-based microprocessors and platforms which could lead to further adoption of Arm-based PC solutions. 9 Table of Conten t s Our principal competitor in the supply of discrete graphics is Nvidia, who is the discrete GPU market share leader, and Intel, who manufactures and sells integrated graphics processors and gaming-focused discrete GPUs. With respect to integrated graphics, higher unit shipments of our APUs and Intel s integrated graphics may drive computer manufacturers to reduce the number of systems they build paired with discrete graphics components, particularly for notebooks, because they may offer satisfactory graphics performance for most mainstream PC users at a lower cost. We are the market share leader in semi-custom game console products, where graphics performance is critical. Competition in Embedded Segment We expect continued competition from our primary FPGA competitors such as Altera, Lattice Semiconductor Corporation and Microsemi Corporation, and from ASSP vendors such as Broadcom Corporation, Marvell Technology Group, Ltd., Analog Devices, Texas Instruments Incorporated, NXP Semiconductors N.V., Qualcomm Incorporated and NVIDIA. In addition, we expect continued competition from the ASIC market, which has been ongoing since the inception of FPGAs. Intel is our main competitor for embedded CPUs. Other competitors include manufacturers of high-density programmable logic products characterized by FPGA-type architectures; high-volume and low-cost FPGAs as programmable replacements for ASICs and ASSPs; ASICs and ASSPs with incremental amounts of embedded programmable logic; high-speed, low-density CPLDs; high-performance DSP devices; products with embedded processors; products with embedded multi-gigabit transceivers; discrete general-purpose GPUs targeting data center and automotive applications; and other new or emerging programmable logic products . Research and Development We focus our research and development (R D) activities on designing and developing products. Our main area of focus is on delivering the next generation of processors (CPU and GPU), FPGAs and adaptive SoCs, accelerators (adaptive, graphics and DPU), SOMs and AI NICs, and the associated software for these products. We focus on designing, with security in mind, new integrated circuits (ICs) with improved performance and performance-per-watt in advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes, the design of logic and interface IP, advanced packaging technologies, and heterogeneous integration technologies. We also focus on software as part of the development of our products, including design automation tools for hardware, embedded software, AI stack, and optimized software tools and libraries that extend the reach of our platforms to software and AI developers. Through our R D efforts, we were able to introduce a number of new products and enhance our IP core offerings and software. We also work with industry leaders on process technology, design tools, intellectual property, software and other industry consortia to conduct early-stage R D. We are also actively contributing to numerous industry open-source software initiatives and industry consortia across a broad range of technologies. We conduct product and system R D activities for our products in the United States with additional design and development engineering teams located in various countries who undertake specific activities at the direction of our U.S. headquarters. Manufacturing Arrangements and Assembly and Test Facilities Third-Party Wafer Foundry Facilities We utilize Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC) for the production of wafers for our HPC, FPGA and adaptive SoC products and GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF), with respect to wafer purchases for our HPC products at the 12 nm and 14 nm technology nodes. Additionally, we utilize TSMC, United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. for the production of our ICs in the form of programmable logic devices. Other Third-Party Manufacturers We outsource board-level graphics product manufacturing to third-party manufacturers. Assembly, Test, Mark and Packaging Facilities Wafers for our products are either sorted by the foundry or delivered by the foundry to our assembly, test, mark and packaging (ATMP) partners or subcontractors located in the Asia-Pacific region, who package and test our final semiconductor products. We are party to two ATMP joint ventures (collectively, the ATMP JVs) with Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. The ATMP JVs, Siliconware Precision Industries Ltd. (SPIL) and King Yuan Electronics Company (KYEC) provide ATMP services for our products. 10 Table of Conten t s Intellectual Property and Licensing We rely on contracts and intellectual property rights to protect our products and technologies from unauthorized third-party copying and use. Intellectual property rights include copyrights, patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade secrets and mask work rights. As of December 27, 2025, we had approximately 7,200 patents in the United States and approximately 2,200 patent applications pending in the United States. In certain cases, we have filed corresponding applications in foreign jurisdictions. Including United States and foreign matters, we have approximately 18,900 patent matters worldwide consisting of approximately 12,600 issued patents and 6,300 patent applications pending. We expect to file future patent applications in both the United States and abroad on significant inventions, as we deem appropriate. We do not believe that any individual patent, or the expiration of any patent, is or would be material to our business. As is typical in the semiconductor industry, we have numerous cross-licensing and technology exchange agreements with other companies under which we both transfer and receive intellectual property and technology rights. We have acquired various licenses from external parties to certain technologies that are implemented in our products, including our IP cores and devices. These licenses support our continuing ability to make and sell our products. We have also acquired licenses to certain proprietary software, open-source software, and related technologies, such as compilers, for our design tools. Continued use of such software and technology is important to the operation of the design tools upon which our customers depend . Backlog Sales are made primarily pursuant to purchase orders for current delivery or agreements covering purchases over a period of time. Although such orders or agreements may provide visibility into future quarters, they may not necessarily be indicative of actual sales for any succeeding period as some of these orders or agreements may be revised or canceled without penalty. Seasonality Our operating results tend to vary seasonally. Historically, our net revenue has been generally higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, although market conditions and product transitions could impact these trends. Human Capital As of December 27, 2025, we had approximately 31,000 employees in our global workforce. We believe we are at our best when our culture of innovation and people from all kinds of backgrounds work together in an engaging and open environment. Areas of focus for us include: Mission, Culture, and Engagement Founded in 1969 as a Silicon Valley start-up, the AMD journey began with dozens of employees focused on leading-edge semiconductor products. From those modest beginnings, we have grown into a global company achieving many important industry firsts along the way. Today, we develop AI and high-performance computing to solve some of the world s toughest challenges. Our Vision - High performance and adaptive computing is transforming our lives. Our Mission - Build great products that accelerate next-generation computing experiences. Our employees are driven by this vision and mission. Innovation occurs when creative minds and diverse perspectives work together. This is the foundation of our unique culture and the reason we believe our employees are among the most engaged in our industry. We conduct an annual survey of our global workforce to measure our culture, engagement, and workplace experience. The results are reviewed by our Board of Directors and acted upon by our senior leadership team. Results from our 2025 survey reported scores that continued to be among the very best for global companies in the technology industry. Diversity, Belonging and Inclusion (DB I) Our diverse workforce allows us to create an inclusive workplace that encourages employees to share their opinions and different perspectives. We believe that having a diverse talent pipeline, encouraging a culture of respect and belonging, and enabling unique voices to be heard fosters innovation and makes our company stronger. Our 11 Table of Conten t s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) encourage employee engagement and play an important role in our culture. ERGs are voluntary initiatives in which an employee chooses to actively participate in one or more employee engagement programs. In 2025, we broadened our commitment to developing our engineering talent by expanding mentoring opportunities and career development programs for engineering professionals at AMD. Total Rewards We invest in our workforce by offering competitive salaries, incentives, and benefits to ensure that we continue to attract and retain the industry s best and brightest in an equitable manner. We regularly review our compensation practices, considering factors relevant to ensuring equitable pay such as an employee s role, experience, skills, and performance. We also benchmark set pay ranges based on relevant market data and our overall workforce. We focus on flexibility and choice in our benefits that resonate with a multi-generational workforce as well as offering inclusive benefits. We also provide flexibility with in-person, hybrid and remote work as options for our employees. We have a strong pay for performance culture that we believe drives superior results and our rewards programs enable us to attract, retain and motivate our workforce. Development We offer our employees opportunities to advance their careers at the Company and the majority of our new leaders are promoted from within. We are focused on leadership progression and encourage our employees to take advantage of new opportunities. Our manager and leadership development programs are highly rated, and we provide specialized development programs for our employees as well as educational assistance in the form of tuition reimbursement for eligible employees to continue their university education or achieve advanced certifications. We have an enterprise-wide mentoring program where employees have the opportunity to learn from experienced colleagues, develop new skills, and build their professional networks. The program also supports effective onboarding, helping new hires more quickly acclimate to our company culture and work processes. Employee Voice At AMD, we value the importance of employee voice and actively engage in efforts to ensure that our employees' opinions and perspectives are heard and considered. Our employee voice strategy includes an annual AMDer Survey (engagement survey) referenced above. Additionally, we measure effectiveness across all elements of the employee lifecycle, including onboarding, exit, and regularly seek out employee feedback on areas including benefits and total rewards satisfaction. Further, our executive team holds frequent employee roundtables, town halls and global team meetings, which facilitate open communication and feedback from our workforce. Government Regulations Our global operations are subject to various United States and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those relating to export control, customs, intellectual property, data privacy and security, climate, environmental, health and safety requirements, cybersecurity, tax, employment, competition and anti-trust, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, conflict minerals, corporate governance, financial and other disclosures, and AI. Compliance with these governmental laws and regulations do not presently have a material adverse impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. However, compliance with changes to existing or new regulations may have a material adverse impact on our future capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. In addition, the failure to comply with government laws and regulations may subject us to consequences including fines, limits on our ability to sell our products, suspension of certain of our business activities, reputational damage, criminal and civil liabilities, and sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. For additional information about government regulations applicable to our business, and their potential impacts see Risk Factors in Item 1A. Environmental Regulations Our operations and properties are subject to various United States and foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to materials used in our products and the manufacturing processes of our products, discharge of pollutants into the environment, the treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and remediation of contamination. These laws and regulations require our suppliers to obtain permits for operations in making our products, including the discharge of air pollutants and wastewater. Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and tend to become more stringent over time. 12 Table of Conten t s Certain environmental laws, including the United States Comprehensive, Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or the Superfund Act, impose strict and, under certain circumstances, joint and several liability on current and previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances and impose liability for damages to natural resources. These laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. These environmental laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be contaminated. Such persons can be responsible for cleanup costs even if they never owned or operated the contaminated facility. We have been named as a responsible party at three Superfund Sites in Sunnyvale, California that are on the National Priorities List. Since 1981, we have discovered hazardous material releases to the soil and groundwater from former underground tanks and proceeded to investigate and conduct remediation at these three sites. The chemicals released into the groundwater were commonly used in the semiconductor industry in the United States in the wafer fabrication process. In 1991, we received Final Site Clean-up Requirements Orders from the California Regional Water Quality Control Board relating to the three sites. We entered into an agreement with another responsible party with respect to one of the sites. Pursuant to that agreement, the other party is responsible for cleanup of certain offsite contamination. We remain responsible for cleanup not covered by the agreement, including on-site cleanup, as well as all remaining costs in the event that the other party does not fulfill its obligations under the agreement. To address anticipated future remediation costs under the orders, we have computed and recorded an estimated environmental liability of approximately $5.9 million and have not recorded any potential insurance recoveries in determining the estimated costs of the cleanup. The progress of future remediation efforts cannot be predicted with certainty and these costs may change. We believe that any amount in addition to what has already been accrued would not be material. Additional environmental regulations on materials, chemicals, energy and waste apply directly or indirectly to the design, manufacturing, use and end-of-use of semiconductor devices and solutions. As examples, the European Union (EU) and China are among a growing number of jurisdictions that have enacted restrictions on the use of lead and other materials in electronic products. Chemical reporting and restriction requirements continue to evolve, namely related to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). Jurisdictions including the EU, California and China are developing or have finalized product energy efficiency regulations impacting market access and/or public procurement for computers and servers. Existing and developing regulations related to electronic waste recycling and extended producer responsibility, including the EU, China, Brazil, India, as well as state and municipal jurisdictions like California and Sao Paulo Brazil, require labeling, fees and/or reporting to support recycling efforts. Certain of these laws target end-user products. However, the scope of such laws is inconsistent, which increases the complexity of compliance. We continue to work with customers, suppliers and industry groups to monitor and address product-related environmental regulations. While compliance has not historically had a material impact on our financial condition, earnings, or competitive position, there can be no assurance that these evolving laws will not require us to incur significant costs, modify our operations or product designs, or take other actions for compliance. Additional Information AMD was incorporated under the laws of Delaware on May 1, 1969 and became a publicly held company in 1972. Our common stock is currently listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol AMD . Our mailing address and executive offices are located at 2485 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054, and our telephone number is (408) 749-4000. For financial information about geographic areas and for segment information with respect to revenues and operating results, refer to the information set forth in Note 4 of our consolidated financial statements. We use a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. References in this report to 2025, 2024 and 2023 refer to the fiscal year unless explicitly stated otherwise. AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, 3D V-Cache, Alveo, Athlon, Atrix, CDNA, CoolRunner, EPYC, FidelityFX, FirePro, FreeSync, Geode, Infinity Fabric, AMD Instinct, Kintex, Kria, Opteron, Pensando, Radeon, RDNA, ROCm, Ryzen, Spartan, Threadripper, UltraScale, UltraScale+, Versal, Virtex, Vitis, Vivado, XDNA, Xilinx, Zynq and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Microsoft, Windows, and Xbox One are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Linux is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the United States and/or other countries. PlayStation is a registered trademark of Sony Interactive Entertainment, Inc. Arm is a registered trademark of Arm Limited (or its subsidiaries) in the United States and/or other countries. 13 Table of Conten t s Other names are for informational purposes only and are used to identify companies and products and may be trademarks of their respective owners. Website Access to Our SEC Filings and Corporate Governance Documents On the Investor Relations pages of our website, http://ir.amd.com, we post links to our filings with the SEC, our Principles of Corporate Governance, our Code of Ethics for our executive officers, all other senior finance executives and certain representatives from legal and internal audit, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and persons performing similar functions, our Global Code of Conduct, which applies to our Board of Directors and all of our employees, and the charters of the committees of our Board of Directors. Our filings with the SEC are posted on our website as soon as reasonably practical after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC website, www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. You can also obtain copies of these documents by writing to us at: Corporate Secretary, AMD, 2485 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054, or emailing us at: Corporate.Secretary@amd.com. All of these documents and filings are available free of charge. If we make substantive amendments to our Code of Ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions, we intend to disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, this report. 14 Table of Conten t s ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic and Strategic Risks The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns. The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting significant industry transitions. The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us. Operational and Technology Risks We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. Essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes may not be available to us. We may fail to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products. Our revenue from our semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products is dependent upon our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into customers products and the success of those products. Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt operations and compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us. Our ability to design and introduce new products includes the use of third-party intellectual property. We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products. If we lose Microsoft Corporation s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected. Our reliance on third-party distributors and add-in-board (AIB) partners subjects us to certain risks. Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. Our products may not be compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. 15 Table of Conten t s Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us. We may fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand. We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions. We may be unable to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market. Climate change may have an impact on our business. Legal and Regulatory Risks Government actions and regulations, including but not limited to export regulations, import tariffs and trade protection measures, may limit our ability to export our products to certain customers. If we cannot realize our deferred tax assets, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities, including as a result of tax regulation changes. We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation. We are subject to environmental laws, conflict minerals regulations, as well as a variety of other laws or regulations. Evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters could result in additional costs, harm to our reputation and a loss of customers. Issues related to the responsible use of AI may result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability. The agreements governing our notes, our guarantee of Xilinx s notes and the Revolving Credit Agreement. We may be required to satisfy financial obligations under guarantees and other commercial commitments. Merger, Acquisition, Divestiture, and Integration Risks Acquisitions, joint ventures, and/or investments, and the failure to integrate acquired businesses may fail to materialize their anticipated benefits and could disrupt our business. Any impairment of our tangible, definite-lived intangible or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. General Risks Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters. We may incur future impairments of our technology license purchases. Our inability to continue to attract and retain key employees may hinder our business. Our stock price is subject to volatility. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 16 Table of Conten t s Economic and Strategic Risks The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Delivering the latest and best products to market on time is critical to revenue growth. The competitiveness of our products depends on a number of factors including, performance, total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality and reliability, product features and capabilities, energy efficiency (including power consumption and battery life, given their impact on total cost of ownership), size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability. Competition is expected to remain intense, driven by rapid technological change, evolving standards, shifting customer preferences, product obsolescence, and frequent product launches from both established and new competitors. Some of our competitors may possess stronger market positions, larger customer bases, more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing, and distribution resources than us. As a result, they may be able to acquire market share or limit our ability to do so, more effectively capitalize on new market opportunities, and transition their products more efficiently than we can. Some competitors are pursuing alternative computing architectures, such as Arm, which could grow the Arm ecosystem and increase competition in consumer, commercial and data center, reducing demand for our products. Additionally, we may encounter competition from customers who internally develop products to support similar AI workloads to those supported by ours. Our competitors may use their market position and financial resources to market and price their products in a way to dissuade customers from purchasing from us. For example, Intel Corporation (Intel) uses its microprocessor market position to price its products aggressively and target our customers and channel partners with special incentives. These aggressive activities have reduced and may reduce our unit sales and average selling prices for many of our products, adversely affecting our business. Similarly, Nvidia Corporation (Nvidia) leverages its market position in data center GPU, financial resources, and proprietary software ecosystem to promote its systems and influences customers who do business with us. Our competitors business practices, including allocation strategies, pricing actions, product mix and introduction schedules, licensing terms, marketing arrangements, product bundling strategies, lack of software inoperability and business acquisitions can limit customers ability to choose alternative products, including ours. This may limit our market share and decrease our margins and profitability, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, strategic partnerships, acquisitions and business collaborations by and between our competitors may increase competition and adversely affect our business. For example, in September 2025, Nvidia announced a partnership and investment in Intel to partner on new data center and client platform products. This partnership may result in increased competition and pricing pressure for our products or could prevent us from participating in other opportunities, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and margins. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often alongside constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand, continuous new product introductions, price erosion and declines in general economic conditions. The growth of AI is further creating pressure on the semiconductor industry to timely design, manufacture and deliver semiconductor products and solutions to meet customer demand for computing power and AI infrastructure. We have incurred substantial losses in previous downturns, due to substantial declines in average selling prices; the cyclical nature of supply and demand imbalances in the semiconductor industry; a decline in demand for end-user products that incorporate our products; and excess inventory levels and periods of inventory adjustment. Such industry-wide fluctuations may materially adversely affect us in the future. Global economic uncertainty and weakness have in the past impacted the semiconductor market as consumers and businesses have deferred purchases, which negatively impacted demand for our products. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. The growth of our business is also dependent on continued demand for our products from high-growth adjacent emerging global markets. Our ability to be successful in such markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. If demand from these markets is below our expectations, sales of our products may decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on us. 17 Table of Conten t s The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may materially adversely affect us in the future. We offer products that are used in different end markets and the demand for our products can vary among our Data Center, Client, Gaming and Embedded end markets. In our Data Center segment, we offer products that are optimized for generative AI applications and since 2024, we have experienced significant demand for our AI accelerators. The demand for such products will in part depend on the extent to which our customers utilize generative AI solutions in a wide variety of applications, and both the near-term and long-term trajectory of such generative AI solutions is unknown. Some customers in AI markets may be unable to secure access to internal and external infrastructure, including availability of sufficient data center capacity or energy for the buildout of data centers that use our products. In addition, construction delays in the scheduled buildout of data centers could impact the timing of customer demand. Such delays in the buildout of data centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and future growth strategy. Customers may also lack, or be unable to, secure capital to fund their required AI infrastructure and may request alternative financing or deferred payment arrangements from vendors and suppliers. These limitations could delay or reduce the demand for our products, which could negatively impact our revenue. Our Client and Gaming segment revenue is focused on the consumer desktop and notebook PC segments and will depend in part on the market s adoption of AI PCs. We are actively building AI capabilities into all our Client products, such as Ryzen AI PC processors, but there can be no assurance about the rate and pace of adoption of such product offerings. In the past, revenue from the Client and Gaming segment has experienced a decline driven by, among other factors, the adoption of smaller and other form factors, increased competition and changes in replacement cycles. In addition, our GPU revenue in the past has been affected in part by the volatility of the cryptocurrency mining market. If we are unable to manage the risks related to the volatility of the cryptocurrency mining market (including potential actions by global monetary authorities), our GPU business could be materially adversely affected. The success of our semi-custom SoC products in our Client and Gaming segment is dependent on securing customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and consumer market conditions, including the success of game console systems and next generation consoles for Sony and Microsoft. Our Embedded segment primarily includes embedded CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System on Modules (SOMs) and adaptive SoC products some of which are subject to macroeconomic trends and volatile business conditions. To the extent our embedded customers are faced with higher inventory levels, they may choose to draw down their existing inventory and order less of our products. 18 Table of Conten t s The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. Our success depends to a significant extent on the development, qualification, implementation and acceptance of new product designs and improvements that provide value to our customers. Our ability to identify industry changes, and adapt our strategy to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry trends and requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis, are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the evolving needs of industry changes or that our efforts to execute our product roadmap will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers. If we fail to or are delayed in identifying, developing, qualifying or shipping new products or technologies that provide value to our customers and address these new trends, or if we fail to predict which new form factors, product features preferences or requirements consumers will adopt and adapt our business accordingly, we may lose competitive positioning, which could cause us to lose market share. Although we make substantial investments in research and development, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement new products and technologies on a timely basis or that they will be well-received by our customers. Moreover, our investments in new products and technologies involve certain risks and uncertainties and could disrupt our ongoing business. New investments may not generate sufficient revenue and we may incur unanticipated liabilities. We cannot be certain that our ongoing investments in new products and technologies will be successful, will meet our expectations and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. For example, as part of our pervasive AI strategy, we have a portfolio of hardware products and software tools to allow our customers to develop scalable and pervasive AI solutions. We are actively building AI capabilities into our products, but there can be no assurance about the rate and pace of adoption of such product offerings. In our Data Center segment, we offer products that are optimized for generative AI applications and we have experienced significant demand for our AI accelerators. The demand for such products in part will depend on the extent to which our customers utilize generative AI solutions in a wide variety of applications as both the near-term and long-term trajectory of such generative AI solutions is unknown. If we fail to develop and timely offer or deploy such products and technologies, keep pace with the product offerings of our competitors, or adapt to unexpected changes in industry standards or disruptive technological innovation, our business could be adversely affected. Additionally, our efforts in developing new AI technology solutions are inherently risky and may not always succeed. We may incur significant costs, resources, investments and delays and not achieve a return on investment or capitalize on the opportunities presented by demand for AI solutions. Moreover, while AI adoption is likely to continue and may accelerate, the long-term trajectory of this technological trend is uncertain. Delays in developing, qualifying or shipping new products may cause us to miss our customers product design windows or, in some cases, breach contractual obligations. If our products are not selected by our customers in the initial design of their computer systems or products, they are typically excluded until at least the next design cycle. The process of being qualified for inclusion in a customer s system or product can be lengthy and could cause us to further miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which could result in a loss of market share and harm our business. We also depend on the timing and success of our customers platform launches. If our customers delay their product launches or if our customers do not effectively market their platforms with our products, it could result in a delay in bringing our products to market and cause us to miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which could materially adversely affect our business. In addition, as market demand requires that products incorporate new features and performance standards on an industry-wide basis, product pricing declines over the life of a specific product. The introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain the overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to introduce new products with sufficiently high sale prices or to increase unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the sale prices of existing products over time, our business could be materially adversely affected. Product transition risks may increase as the computing industry shifts toward shorter launch cycles and a broader range of accelerated computing platforms. Product transitions are complex and as such we may ship both new and prior-generation products concurrently. Customer adoption patterns can vary and while some customers may shift to newer products more quickly and reduce demand for current-generation offerings, other customers may lower their inventory of existing products before purchasing new ones. The increased frequency of product transitions and expansion of our product portfolio heightens the challenges of managing our supply and demand, which could adversely affect our revenue and inventory management. The increasing frequency and complexity of our newly introduced products may also result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could result in product delays. 19 Table of Conten t s The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. We depend on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our business and we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a significant part of our revenue and receivables in the future. If one of our key customers decides to stop buying our products, materially reduces its operations or its demand for our products, or has operations that are materially impaired for a significant period of time such that it is unable to receive or utilize our products, or pay its liabilities, our business would be materially adversely affected. Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. Uncertain global or regional economic conditions have and may in the future adversely impact our business. Uncertainty in the economic environment or other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, fluctuating interest rates, recession, slowing growth, increased unemployment, tighter credit markets, changes or uncertainty in fiscal monetary or trade policy, implementation of new or increased tariffs, retaliatory tariffs by other countries or other trade restrictions, or currency fluctuations, may negatively impact consumer confidence and spending causing our customers to stop or postpone purchases. During challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products. Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that they owe us. If current or prospective customers default on or delay payments to us, our earnings and cash flow could be adversely impacted. This risk is heightened as we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of our revenue. Moreover, our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent, thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. Adverse changes in economic conditions could increase costs of memory, equipment, materials or substrates and other supply chain expenses. For example, there is currently an industry-wide memory shortage as the demand for such components has outpaced supply. The price of memory has also increased as a result of the shortage. If we are not able to procure a stable supply of materials, including memory, on an ongoing basis and at reasonable costs to meet our production requirements, we could experience a supply shortage or an increase in production costs, which could negatively impact our gross margin and materially adversely affect our business. Our ability to forecast our operating results, make business decisions and execute our business strategy could be adversely impacted by challenging macroeconomic conditions. In addition, uncertain economic conditions could lead to higher borrowing costs and reduced availability of capital and credit markets, making it more difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or public sales of debt or equity securities. An economic downturn or increased uncertainty could also lead to failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments and declines in the value of our financial instruments. If a banking institution in which we hold funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of such uninsured funds, which in turn could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and ability to meet our operating expense obligations. Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. The profile of our sales may be weighted differently during the year. A large portion of our quarterly sales have historically been made in the last month of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes prediction of revenue for each financial period difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. In addition, our operating results tend to vary seasonally with the markets in which our products are sold. For example, historically, our net revenue has been generally higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, although market conditions and product transitions could impact these trends. Many of the factors that create and affect quarterly and seasonal trends are beyond our control. If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. We rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, copyrights, patents, trademarks and common law rights, such as trade secrets, to protect our intellectual property. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property from third-party infringement or from misappropriation in the United States and abroad. Any patent licensed by us or issued to us could be challenged, invalidated, expire, or circumvented or rights granted thereunder may not provide a competitive advantage to us. 20 Table of Conten t s Furthermore, patent applications that we file may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our intellectual property on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection than afforded in the U.S. and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may be compromised, and our business would be materially adversely affected. Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us. We have costs, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies. As a consequence, movements in exchange rates could cause our foreign currency denominated expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue, affecting our profitability and cash flows. Whenever we believe appropriate, we hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We determine our total foreign currency exposure using projections of long-term expenditures for items such as payroll. We cannot assure you that these activities will be effective in reducing foreign exchange rate exposure. Failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, the majority of our product sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the local currency may impact the cost of our products in the local currency for international customers. An appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency could reduce sales of our products. Operational and Technology Risks We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. We utilize third-party wafer foundries to fabricate the silicon wafers for all of our products. We rely on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC) for the production of all wafers for microprocessor and GPU products at 7 nanometer (nm) or smaller nodes, and we rely primarily on GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF) for wafers for microprocessor and GPU products manufactured at process nodes larger than 7 nm. We also utilize TSMC, United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. for our integrated circuits (IC) in the form of programmable logic devices. We also rely on third-party manufacturers to assemble, test, mark and pack (ATMP) our products. Our third-party package assembly partners are responsible for packaging technology used to fabricate our products. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these third-party manufacturing suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand. We cannot guarantee that these manufacturers or our other third-party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. If we experience supply constraints from our third-party manufacturing suppliers, we may be required to allocate the reduced quantities of affected products amongst our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with these customers and on our financial condition. In addition, if we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from our manufacturing suppliers, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, if TSMC is not able to manufacture wafers for our microprocessor and GPU products at 7 nm or smaller nodes and our newest IC products in sufficient quantities to meet customer demand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 21 Table of Conten t s We do not have long-term commitment contracts with some of our third-party manufacturing suppliers. We obtain many of these manufacturing services on a purchase order basis and these manufacturers are not required to provide us with any specified minimum quantity of product beyond the quantities in an existing purchase order. Accordingly, we depend on these suppliers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. The manufacturers we use also fabricate wafers and ATMP products for other companies, including certain of our competitors. They could choose to prioritize capacity for other customers, increase the prices that they charge us on short notice, require onerous prepayments, or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we overestimate our customer demand or experience a decrease in customer demand, either could result in excess inventory and an increase in our production costs. We are party to a wafer supply agreement with GF where GF will provide a minimum annual capacity allocation to us and set pricing through 2026. If our actual wafer requirements are less than the number of wafers required to meet the applicable annual wafer purchase target, we could have excess inventory or higher inventory unit costs, both of which may adversely impact our gross margin and our results of operations. Other risks associated with our dependence on third-party manufacturers include limited control over delivery schedules, yield, cycle times, quality assurance, price increases, lack of capacity in periods of excess demand, misappropriation of our intellectual property, dependence on several subcontractors, and limited ability to manage inventory and parts. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers (or their subcontractors) suffer any damage to facilities, lose benefits under material agreements, experience power outages, water shortages, or high heat events, lack sufficient capacity to manufacture our products, encounter financial difficulties, are unable to secure necessary raw materials from their suppliers, suffer any other disruption or reduction in efficiency, or experience uncertain environmental, social, atmospheric or natural, economic or political circumstances or conditions, we may encounter supply delays or disruptions. For example, in the first quarter of 2024, we experienced some inventory loss due to an incident at a contract manufacturer. If we are unable to secure sufficient or reliable supply of products, our ability to meet customer demand may be adversely affected and this could materially affect our business. If we transition the production of some of our products to new manufacturers, we may experience delayed product introductions, lower yields or poorer performance of our products. If we experience problems with product quality or are unable to secure sufficient capacity from a particular third-party manufacturer, or if we for other reasons cease utilizing one of those manufacturers, we may be unable to timely secure an alternative supply for any specific product. We could experience significant delays in the shipment of our products if we are required to find alternative third-party manufacturers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are party to two ATMP joint ventures (collectively, the ATMP JVs) with affiliates of Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. The majority of our ATMP services are provided by the ATMP JVs and there is no guarantee that the ATMP JVs will be able to fulfill our long-term ATMP requirements. If we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from the ATMP JVs, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. 22 Table of Conten t s If essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected. We may purchase equipment, materials and substrates for use by our back-end manufacturing service providers from a number of suppliers and our operations depend upon obtaining deliveries of adequate supplies of equipment and materials of acceptable quality on a timely basis. Our third-party suppliers also depend on the same timely delivery of adequate quantities of equipment and materials of acceptable quality in the manufacture of our products. In addition, as many of our products increase in technical complexity, we rely on our third-party suppliers to update their processes in order to continue meeting our back-end manufacturing needs. Certain equipment and materials that are used in the manufacture of our products are available only from a limited number of suppliers, or in some cases, a sole supplier. We also depend on a limited number of suppliers to provide the majority of certain types of IC packages for our microprocessors, including our APU products. Similarly, certain non-proprietary materials or components such as memory, printed circuit boards (PCBs), interposers, substrates and capacitors used in the manufacture of our products are currently available from only a limited number of suppliers. For example, there is currently an industry-wide memory shortage as the demand for such components has outpaced supply. The price of memory has also increased as a result of the shortage. If we are unable to procure a stable supply of memory, equipment, materials or substrates of acceptable quality on an ongoing basis and at reasonable costs to meet our production requirements, we could experience a shortage in memory, equipment, materials or substrate supply or an increase in production costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements with some of our suppliers. If the delivery of such supply is delayed or does not occur for any reason, it could materially impact our ability to procure and process the required volume of supply to meet customer demand. Conversely, if we overestimate our customer demand or experience a decrease in customer demand, either because customers cancel orders or choose to purchase from our competitors, it could result in excess inventory and an increase in our production costs, particularly since we have prepayment arrangements with certain suppliers. Because some of the equipment and materials that we and our third-party manufacturers purchase are complex, it is sometimes difficult to substitute one equipment or materials supplier for another. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. Also, some of these materials and components may be subject to rapid changes in price, quality and availability. Interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry could cause shortages and price increases in various essential materials. Dependence on a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers exacerbates these risks. If we are unable to procure certain of these materials for our back-end manufacturing operations, or our third-party manufacturers are unable to procure materials for manufacturing our products, our business would be materially adversely affected. 23 Table of Conten t s Failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively impact our results of operations. Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a result of product design, process technology and packaging technology, which is typically proprietary to the manufacturer, and low yields can result from design failures, packaging technology failures, process technology failures or a combination of some or all of these. Our third-party manufacturers are responsible for the process technologies used 