 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following risks and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline substantially, and investors may lose some or all of their investment. We have summarized risks immediately below and encourage investors to carefully read the entirety of this Risk Factors section. Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Position Our operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable. Our operating results have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to do so as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control or may be difficult to predict, including: • adverse economic conditions, including macroeconomic and regional economic challenges resulting, for example, from a recession, tariffs, disruptions of global supply chains or other economic downturn, increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, changing interest rates, the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East or other factors; • policy changes and uncertainty with respect to immigration laws, trade policy and tariffs, including increased tariffs applicable to countries where we manufacture our products, foreign imports and tax laws related to international commerce; • sales strategy, productivity, hiring and retention, and execution, and our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and services to our existing end-customers, including customer demand for platform solutions like ours versus point solutions; • our ability to successfully anticipate market changes related to cloud-based solutions and to sell, support and meet service level agreements related to cloud-based solutions; • component shortages, including chips and other components, and product inventory shortages, including those caused by factors outside of our control, such as international trade disputes or tariffs, labor or supply chain disruptions, inflation and other cost increases, international conflicts, terrorism, wars, such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, critical infrastructure attacks, natural disasters, health emergencies, epidemics and pandemics, power outages and civil unrest; • inventory management, including future inventory purchase commitments; • the level of demand for our products and services, which may render forecasts inaccurate, increase backlog or future inventory purchase commitments and lead to price decreases; • supplier or regulatory cost increases and any lack of market acceptance of our price increases designed to help offset any supplier or regulatory cost increases; • the timing of channel partner and end-customer orders and our reliance on a concentration of shipments at the end of each quarter or changes in shipping terms; • the impact to our business, the global economy, disruption of global supply chains and creation of significant volatility and disruption of the financial markets due to factors such as tariffs and policy disputes, increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, changing interest rates, the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East and other factors; • defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, as well as reputational harm from the failure or misuse of our products or services, and any actual or perceived defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, failure of our products or services 12 Table of Contents to detect or prevent a security incident or to cause a disruption to operations, failure of our customers to implement preventative actions such as updates to one of our deployed solutions or failure to help secure our customers; • compromising of our internal enterprise IT networks, our operational networks, our research and development networks, our back-end labs and cloud stacks hosted in our data centers or PoPs, colocation vendors or public cloud providers, and resulting harm to public perception of our products and services; • the timing of shipments, which may depend on factors such as inventory levels, logistics, manufacturing or shipping delays, our ability to ship products on schedule and our ability to accurately forecast inventory requirements and our suppliers’ ability to deliver components and finished goods; • increased expenses, unforeseen liabilities or write-downs and any negative impact on results of operations from any acquisition or equity investment, as well as integration risks related to product plans and products and risks of negative impact by such acquisitions and equity investments on our financial results; • investors’ expectations of our operational performance relating to our sustainability commitments; • certain customer agreements which contain service-level agreements, under which we guarantee specified availability of our platform and solutions; • inconsistent and evolving data and other security requirements and enforcement across certain jurisdictions; • impairments as a result of certain events or changes in circumstances; • the mix of products sold and the mix of revenue between products and services, as well as the degree to which products and services are bundled and sold together for a package price; • the purchasing practices and budgeting cycles of our channel partners and end-customers, including the effect of the end of product lifecycles, refresh cycles or price decreases; • any decreases in demand by channel partners or end-customers, including any such decreases caused by factors outside of our control such as international trade disputes or tariffs, labor or supply chain disruptions, inflation and other cost increases, international conflicts, terrorism, wars, such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, critical infrastructure attacks, natural disasters, health emergencies, epidemics and pandemics, power outages and civil unrest; • the effectiveness of our sales organization, generally or in a particular geographic region, including the time it takes to hire sales personnel, the timing of hiring and our ability to hire and retain effective sales personnel, our efforts to align our sales capacity and productivity with market demand and any negative impact to our sales and the effectiveness of our sales team based on changes to sales compensation or to our sales compensation plan; • sales productivity and sales execution risk related to effectively selling to all segments of the market, including enterprise and small- and medium-sized businesses, government organizations and service providers, and to selling our broad security product and services portfolio, including, among other execution risks, risks associated with the complexity and distraction in selling to all segments, increased competition and unpredictability of timing to close larger enterprise and large organization deals, and the risk that our sales representatives do not effectively sell products and services; • execution risk associated with our efforts to capture the opportunities related to our identified growth drivers, such as risk associated with our ability to capitalize on the convergence of networking and security, vendor consolidation of various cyber security solutions, SD-WAN, infrastructure security, security operations, SASE and other cloud security solutions, endpoint protection, IoT and OT security opportunities and product refresh cycles; • the seasonal buying patterns of our end-customers; 13 Table of Contents • our backlog may fluctuate over quarters. If we experience supply chain shortages and cannot fulfill orders or if customers cancel or delay delivery of orders, our backlog may be affected, which will negatively impact our aggregate backlog to billings conversion and revenue in such quarter. Generally, a reduction to backlog increases our aggregate billings and revenue during the quarter when delivered; • the timing and level of our investments in sales and marketing, and the impact of such investments on our operating expenses, operating margin and the productivity, capacity, tenure and effectiveness of execution of our sales and marketing teams; • the timing of revenue recognition for our sales, including any impacts resulting from extension of payment terms and fluctuations in backlog levels, which could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results; • the level of perceived threats to network security, which may fluctuate from period to period; • changes in the requirements, market needs or buying practices and patterns of our distributors, resellers or end-customers; • changes in the growth rates of the network security market in particular and other security and networking markets, such as SD-WAN, OT, switches, access points, security operations, SASE and other cloud solutions for which we and our competitors sell products and services; • the timing and success of new product and service introductions or enhancements by us or our competitors, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors, partners or end-customers; • the deferral of orders from distributors, resellers or end-customers in anticipation of new products or product enhancements announced by us or our competitors, price decreases or changes in our registration policies, or the acceleration of orders in response to our announced or expected price list increases, including those related to tariffs; • increases in our expenses caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or a weakening of the U.S. dollar, as a significant portion of our expenses are incurred and paid in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and such fluctuations may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations; • compliance with existing laws and regulations; • our ability to obtain and maintain permits, clearances and certifications that are applicable to our ability to conduct business with the U.S. federal government, other foreign and local governments and other industries and sectors; • litigation, litigation fees and costs, settlements, judgments and other equitable and legal relief granted related to litigation; • the impact of cloud-based and hosted security solutions, including increased demand for such services and uncertainty associated with transition to providing such services, on our billings, revenue, operating margins and free cash flow; • decisions by potential end-customers to purchase network security solutions from newer technology providers, from larger, more established security vendors or from their primary network equipment vendors; • price competition and increased competitiveness in our market, including the competitive pressure caused by product refresh cycles and inventory levels; • our ability to both increase revenue and manage and control operating expenses in order to maintain or improve our operating margins; • changes in customer renewal rates or attach rates for our services; 14 Table of Contents • changes in the timing of our billings, collection for our contracts or the contractual term of service sold; • changes in our estimated annual effective tax rates and the tax treatment of research and development expenses and the related impact of cash from operations; • changes in circumstances and challenges in business conditions, including decreased demand, which may negatively impact our channel partners’ ability to sell the current inventory they hold and negatively impact their future purchases of products from us; • potential shift or migration from physical appliances that deliver on-premises network security to cloud and SaaS-based security services; • our channel partners having insufficient financial resources to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions; • disruptions in our channel or termination of our relationship with important channel partners, including as a result of consolidation among distributors and resellers of security solutions; • insolvency, credit or other difficulties confronting our key suppliers and channel partners, which could affect their ability to purchase or pay for products and services and which could disrupt our supply or distribution chain; • political, economic and social instability, including geo-political instability and uncertainty, such as that caused by the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, and any disruption or negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship product to and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions; • general economic conditions, both in domestic and foreign markets; • future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies as well as the significant costs that may be incurred to adopt and comply with these new pronouncements; • possible impairments or acceleration of depreciation of our existing real estate due to our current real estate investments and future acquisition and development plans; and • legislative or regulatory changes, such as with respect to privacy, information and cybersecurity, exports, the environment, regional component bans, and requirements for local manufacturing. Any one of the factors above or the cumulative effect of some of the factors referred to above may result in significant fluctuations in our quarterly financial and other operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in failing to meet our internal operating plan or the expectations of securities analysts or investors for any period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our shares could fall substantially and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. In addition, a significant percentage of our operating expenses are fixed in nature over the near term. Accordingly, in the event of revenue shortfalls, we are generally unable to mitigate the negative impact on margins in the short term. Adverse economic conditions, such as a possible recession and possible impacts of inflation or stagflation, tariffs or other trade disruptions, changing interest rates, reduced information technology spending, including firewall and other security spending, or any economic downturn or recession, may adversely impact our business. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. In addition, the purchase of our products is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. Weak global and regional economic conditions and spending environments, based on a downturn in the economy, a possible recession and the effects of ongoing or increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, tariffs or other trade disruptions, changing interest rates, geopolitical instability and uncertainty, a reduction in information technology spending regardless of macroeconomic conditions, the effects of epidemics and pandemics and the impact of the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan or conflicts in the Middle East could have a material adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations and our business, including resulting in longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products and services, increased component costs, higher default rates among our channel partners, reduced 15 Table of Contents unit sales, lower prices and slower or declining growth. These can negatively impact our business by putting downward pressure on growth if we are unable to achieve the increases in product prices necessary to appropriately offset the additional costs in a manner sufficient to maintain margins. Any of these impacts may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. The existence of inflation in certain economies has resulted in, and may continue to result in, changing interest rates and capital costs, increased component or shipping costs, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. Although we take measures to mitigate risks such as those associated with inflation, the mitigating measures may not be effective or their impact may not offset the increased cost of inflation in a timely manner. Inflation, an economic downturn, a recession and any other economic challenges may also adversely impact spending patterns by our distributors, resellers and end-customers. Any efforts to withdraw from or materially modify international trade agreements, change tax provisions related to global manufacturing and sales or impose new tariffs, economic sanctions or related legislation, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Given the international nature of our operations, efforts to withdraw from or materially modify international trade agreements, or to change corporate tax policy related to international commerce, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations as could the continuing uncertainty regarding whether such actions will be taken. Moreover, efforts to implement changes related to export or import regulations (including the imposition of new or increases in border taxes or tariff rates, changes in customs or tariffs classifications or modifications to tariff exemptions on foreign imports), trade barriers, economic sanctions and other related policies could harm our results of operations. While we do not currently expect tariffs to have a significant effect on our raw material and product import costs, if the United States expands increased tariffs, changes in customs or tariffs classifications or modifications to tariff exemptions or if retaliatory trade measures are taken by other countries in response to the U.S. tariffs, the cost of our products could increase, our operations could be disrupted or we could be required to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers and harm to our reputation and operating performance. U.S. tariffs, and any new or additional retaliatory tariffs that may be imposed by foreign countries, may also adversely affect our customers and, consequently, demand for our products. We are monitoring this evolving situation and there can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate the impacts of any trade measures on our business, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, financial condition, and our stock price. Any modification in these areas, any shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or any change in the countries, administrations, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential end-customers with international operations and could result in increased costs. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our billings, revenue and free cash flow growth, including our product and service billings and revenue, may slow, and our operating margins may decline, particularly if our billings and revenue do not improve or grow as anticipated, or if customer demand, renewal rates, pricing, competitive dynamics, implementation timing, cost structure, or macroeconomic conditions adversely affect our business, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. We may experience slowing growth or a decrease in billings, revenue, operating margin and free cash flow for a number of reasons, including a slowdown in pipeline growth or for demand for our products or services generally, a shift in demand from products to services, decrease in services revenue growth, increased competition, execution challenges including sales execution challenges and lack of optimal sales productivity, worldwide or regional economic challenges based on inflation or possible stagflation, a regional recession or a recession in the global economy, changing interest rates, as a result of regional conflicts, a decrease in the growth of our overall market or softness in demand in certain geographies or industry verticals, such as the service provider industry, changes in our strategic opportunities, execution risks, lower sales productivity and our failure for any reason to continue to capitalize on sales and growth opportunities due to other risks identified in the risk factors described in this periodic report. Our expenses as a percentage of total revenue may be higher than expected if our revenue is lower than expected. If our investments in sales and marketing and other functional areas do not result in expected billings and revenue growth, we may experience margin declines. In addition, we may not be able to sustain our historical profitability levels in future periods if we fail to increase billings, revenue or deferred revenue, and do not appropriately manage our cost structure, free cash flow, or encounter unanticipated liabilities. As a result, any failure by us to maintain profitability and margins and continue our billings, revenue and free cash flow growth could cause the price of our common stock to materially decline. 16 Table of Contents Our real estate investments, including construction, acquisition, development or leasing of new data centers, data center expansions or office buildings, could involve significant risks to our business. In order to sustain our growth in certain of our existing and new markets, we may acquire or expand existing data centers, lease new facilities or acquire suitable land, with or without structures, to build new data centers or office buildings. These projects expose us to risks which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The current global supply chain and inflation issues have exacerbated many of these construction risks and created additional risks for our business. Some of the risks associated with construction projects include: • construction delays; • lack of availability and delays for data center equipment, including items such as generators and switchgear; • unexpected budget changes; • increased prices for and delays in obtaining building supplies, raw materials and data center equipment; • labor availability, labor disputes and work stoppages with contractors, subcontractors and other third parties; • unanticipated environmental or regulatory issues and geological problems; • delays related to permitting and approvals to open from public agencies and utility companies; • unexpected lack of power access or unexpected increases in power needs or connectivity; • failure or inability for any reason to meet customer requirements and service level agreements, and any resulting penalties or liabilities related thereto; • investor expectations regarding sustainability; • delays in site readiness leading to our failure to meet commitments made to customers; and • unanticipated customer requirements that would necessitate alternative data center design, making our sites less desirable or leading to increased costs in order to make necessary modifications or retrofits. All construction-related projects require us to carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more designers, general contractors and associated subcontractors during the design and construction process. Should a designer, general contractor, significant subcontractor or key supplier experience financial problems or other problems during the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns. We have broad insurance programs covering our properties and operating activities with limits of liability, deductibles and self-insured retentions that we believe are comparable to similarly situated companies. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits of these policies are adequate and appropriate. There are, however, certain types of extraordinary losses which may not be adequately covered under our insurance program. In addition, we could sustain losses due to insurance deductibles, self-insured retention, uninsured claims or casualties or losses in excess of applicable coverage. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property. In such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. Material losses in excess of insurance proceeds may occur in the future. Such events could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in that property. Those laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not cause or know of the presence of hazardous or toxic substances and even if the storage of those substances was in violation of a customer’s lease. In addition, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure of the owner to address their presence on the property, may adversely affect the owner’s ability to borrow using that real property as collateral. Any environmental issues related to our real estate activities could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Our future performance depends on the continued services and continuing contributions of our senior management to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of members of senior management, particularly Ken Xie, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, or Michael Xie, our Co-Founder, President and Chief Technology Officer, or of any of our senior sales leaders or functional area leaders, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives. The loss of the services or the distraction of our senior management for any reason could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on third-party channel partners for substantially all of our revenue. If our partners fail to perform, our ability to sell our products and services will be limited, and if we fail to optimize our channel partner model going forward, our operating results may be harmed. Additionally, a small number of distributors represents a large percentage of our revenue and accounts receivable, and one distributor accounted for 32% of our total net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2025. A significant portion of our sales are generated through a limited number of distributors, and substantially all of our revenue is from sales by our channel partners, including distributors and resellers. We depend on our channel partners to generate a significant portion of our sales opportunities and to manage our sales process. To the extent our channel partners are unsuccessful in selling our products, or if we are unable to enter into arrangements with and retain a sufficient number of high-quality channel partners in each of the regions in which we sell products, we are unable to keep them motivated to sell our products, or our channel partners shift focus to other vendors and/or our competitors, our ability to sell our products and operating results may be harmed. The termination of our relationship with any significant channel partner may adversely impact our sales and operating results. If we change our partner strategy, such as if we start engaging in more sales directly with customers, and if we terminate partners or partners terminate or reduce selling on our behalf based on changes in our strategy or for any other reason, this could harm our results. In addition, a small number of channel partners represents a large percentage of our revenue and gross accounts receivable. We are exposed to the credit and liquidity risk of some of our channel partners and to credit exposure in weakened markets, which could result in material losses. Our dependence on a limited number of key channel partners means that our billings, revenue and operating results may be harmed by the inability of these key channel partners to successfully sell our products and services, or if any of these key channel partners is unable or unwilling to pay us, terminates its relationship with us or goes out of business. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate credit and liquidity risks, we cannot guarantee these programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks. If we are unable to adequately control these risks, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. If channel partners fail to pay us under the terms of our agreements or we are otherwise unable to collect on our accounts receivable from these channel partners, we may be adversely affected both from the inability to collect amounts due and the cost of enforcing the terms of our contracts, including litigation. Our channel partners may seek bankruptcy protection or other similar relief and fail to pay amounts due to us, or pay those amounts more slowly, either of which could adversely affect our operating results, financial position, and cash flow. We may be further impacted by consolidation of our existing channel partners. In such instances, we may experience changes to our overall business and operational relationships due to dealing with a larger combined entity, and our ability to maintain such relationships on favorable contractual terms may be more limited. We may also become increasingly dependent on a more limited number of channel partners, as consolidation increases the relative proportion of our business for which each channel partner is responsible, which may magnify the risks described in the preceding paragraphs. Six distributor customers who purchase directly from us accounted for 67% and 69% of our total net accounts receivable in the aggregate as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. See Note 15. Segment Information in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for distributor customers accounted for 10% or more of our revenue or net accounts receivable. Our largest distributors may experience financial difficulties, face liquidity risk or other financial challenges, which may harm our ability to collect on our accounts receivable. We provide channel partners with specific programs to assist them with selling our products but there can be no assurance that these programs will be effective. In addition, our channel partners may be unsuccessful in marketing, selling and supporting our products and services and may purchase more inventory than they can sell. Our channel partners generally do not have minimum purchase requirements. Some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions. Moreover, many of our channel partners are privately held, including some of our largest partners, and we may not have sufficient information to assess their financial condition. If our channel partners’ financial condition or operations weaken, their ability to sell our products and services could be negatively impacted. Our channel partners may also market, sell and support products and services that are competitive with ours, and may devote more resources to the marketing, sales and support of such products, or may decide to cease selling our products and services 18 Table of Contents altogether in favor of a competitor’s products and services. They may also have incentives to promote our competitors’ products to the detriment of our own, or they may cease selling our products altogether. We cannot ensure that we will retain these channel partners or that we will be able to secure additional or replacement partners or that existing channel partners will continue to perform. The loss of one or more of our significant channel partners or the failure to obtain and ship a number of large orders each quarter through them could harm our operating results. Any new sales channel partner will require extensive training and may take several months or more to achieve productivity. Our channel partner sales structure could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational harm if, for example, any of our channel partners misrepresent the functionality of our products or services to end-customers, our service provider customers suffer a cyber event impacting end-users, or our channel partners violate laws or our corporate policies. Additionally, if our channel partners experience issues such as cyberattacks or other operational disruptions, it could negatively impact our ability to receive orders from them and, among other things, may adversely affect our billings and revenue. We depend on our global channel partners to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. If we fail to optimize our channel partner model or fail to manage existing sales channels, our business will be seriously harmed. Reliance on a concentration of shipments at the end of the quarter or changes in shipping terms could cause our billings and revenue to fall below expected levels. As a result of customer buying patterns and the efforts of our sales force and channel partners to meet or exceed quarterly quotas, we have historically received a substantial portion of each quarter’s sales orders and generated a substantial portion of each quarter’s billings and revenue during the last two weeks of the quarter. We typically arrange for a logistics partner to pick up the last shipment of our products a few hours prior to the end of the quarter, and a delay in the arrival of the logistics partner or other factors such as a power outage could prevent us from shipping and billing for a material amount of products for which we have orders. Further, it is possible that the dollar value of these products intended to be shipped late on the last day of the quarter may be material. Additionally, our service billings are dependent on the completion of certain automated processes by our internal business management systems, some of which cannot be performed until after the related products have been shipped. If we do not have enough time after shipping our products for our systems to perform these processes prior to the end of the quarter, we have system issues that prevent processing in time to realize service billings in a quarter, or there are delays in deals closing or deals are lost, we will not be able to bill and realize billings for those services until possibly the following quarter at the earliest, which may materially negatively impact our billings for a particular quarter. We implemented a cloud-based quoting tool to help provide our sales team with the ability to have faster quote generation, reduce quote errors and increase sales productivity. Our ability to integrate the data from this tool into our order processing may cause order processing delays that could have an effect on our financial results. Our billings and revenue for any quarter could fall below our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price, if expected orders at the end of any quarter are delayed or deals are lost for any reason or our ability to fulfill orders at the end of any quarter is hindered for any reason, including, among others: • the failure of anticipated purchase orders to materialize; • our logistics partners’ failure or inability to ship products prior to quarter-end to fulfill purchase orders received near the end of the quarter; • disruption in manufacturing or shipping based on power outages, system failures, labor disputes or constraints, excessive demand, natural disasters, geopolitical matters or widespread public health problems including pandemics and epidemics; • our failure to accurately forecast our inventory requirements and to appropriately manage inventory to meet demand; • our inability to release new products on schedule; • any failure of our systems related to order review and processing; and • any delays in shipments due to trade compliance requirements, labor disputes or logistics changes at shipping ports, airline strikes, severe weather or otherwise. 19 Table of Contents We rely significantly on revenue from FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services, and revenue from these services may decline or fluctuate. Because we recognize revenue from these services over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales of FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results. Our FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue has historically accounted for a significant percentage of our total revenue. Revenue from the sale of new, or from the renewal of existing, FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts may decline and fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations and changes in the mix of our sales from secure networking, unified SASE and security operations between products and services, end-customers’ level of satisfaction with our products and services, the prices of our products and services, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors, reductions in our customers’ spending levels and the timing of revenue recognition with respect to such sales. If our sales of new, or renewals of existing, FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts decline, our revenue and revenue growth may decrease and our business could suffer. In addition, in the event significant customers require payment terms for FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services in arrears or for shorter periods of time than annually, such as monthly or quarterly, this may negatively impact our billings and revenue. Furthermore, we recognize FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue ratably over the term of the service period, which is typically from one to five years. As a result, much of the FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue we report each quarter is the recognition of deferred revenue from FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts entered into during previous quarters or years. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support service contracts in any one quarter will not be fully reflected in revenue in that quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales of new, or renewals of existing, FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services is not reflected in full in our statements of income until future periods. Our FortiGuard and other security subscriptions and FortiCare technical support services revenue also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional service sales in any period, as revenue from new and renewal support services contracts must be recognized over the applicable service term. We face intense competition in our market and we may not maintain or improve our competitive position. The market for network security products is intensely competitive and dynamic, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We face many competitors across the different cybersecurity markets. Our competitors include companies such as Check Point, Cisco, CrowdStrike, F5 Networks, HPE, Huawei, Microsoft, Netskope, Palo Alto Networks, SonicWALL, Sophos, and Zscaler. Some of our existing and potential competitors’ competitive advantages include: • greater name recognition and/or longer operating histories; • larger sales and marketing budgets and resources; • broader distribution and established relationships with distribution partners and end-customers; • access to larger customer bases; • greater customer support resources; • greater expertise in certain single point solutions; • greater resources to make acquisitions; • stronger U.S. government relationships; • lower labor and development costs; and • substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. In addition, certain of our larger competitors may have broader product offerings, and leverage their relationships based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our products. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus, and are in a better position to withstand any significant reduction in capital spending by end-customers in these markets. Therefore, these competitors will not be as susceptible to downturns in a particular market. Also, many of our smaller competitors that specialize 20 Table of Contents in providing protection from a single type of security threat are often able to deliver these specialized security products to the market more quickly than we can. Conditions in our markets could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements or continuing market consolidation. Our competitors and potential competitors may also be able to develop products or services, and leverage new business models, that are equal or superior to ours, achieve greater market acceptance of their products and services, disrupt our markets, and increase sales by utilizing different distribution channels than we do. For example, certain of our competitors are focusing on delivering security services from the cloud which include cloud-based security providers, such as CrowdStrike and Zscaler. In addition, current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources, and new competitors may arise pursuant to acquisitions of network security companies or divisions. As a result of such acquisitions, competition in our market may continue to increase and our current or potential competitors might be able to adapt more quickly to new technologies and customer needs, devote greater resources to the promotion or sale of their products and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily, or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. In addition, our competitors may bundle products and services competitive with ours with other products and services. Customers may accept these bundled products and services rather than separately purchasing our products and services. As our customers refresh the security products bought in prior years, they may seek to consolidate vendors, which may result in current customers choosing to purchase products from our competitors on an ongoing basis. Due to budget constraints or economic downturns, organizations may be more willing to incrementally add solutions to their existing network security infrastructure from competitors than to replace it with our solutions. These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced revenue and gross margins and loss of market share. If we are unable to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business will suffer. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, any failure to have in place and execute an effective succession plan for key executives or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly in engineering, sales and marketing, may seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we experience turnover in our management-level personnel. For example, in May 2025, our former Chief Financial Officer, Keith Jensen, retired after 11 years at Fortinet. None of our key employees have an employment agreement for a specific term, and any of our employees may terminate their employment at any time. Our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel will be critical to our future success. Competition for highly skilled personnel is frequently intense, especially for qualified sales, support and engineering employees in network security and especially in the locations where we have a substantial presence and need for highly skilled personnel, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the Vancouver, Canada, area. We may not be successful in attracting, assimilating or retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or divulged proprietary or other confidential information. Changes in immigration laws, including changes to the rules regarding H1-B visas, may also harm our ability to attract personnel from other countries. Our inability to hire properly qualified and effective sales, support and engineering employees could harm our growth and our ability to effectively support growth. We have incurred indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. As of December 31, 2025, we had an aggregate of $996.3 million of indebtedness outstanding under our Senior Notes. Under the agreements governing our indebtedness, we are permitted to incur additional debt. This debt, and any debt that we may incur in the future, may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things: • increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, to competitive pressures and to adverse economic and industry conditions; • requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, share repurchases and acquisitions; and • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and our industries. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required, among other things, to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our 21 Table of Contents indebtedness, sell selected assets or reduce or delay planned capital, operating or investment expenditures. Such measures may not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt. Additionally, the agreements governing our indebtedness impose restrictions on us and require us to comply with certain covenants. If we breach any of these covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the noteholders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, any or all of our outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. There can be no assurance that any refinancing or additional financing would be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if at all. Under the terms of our outstanding Senior Notes, we may be required to repurchase the notes for cash prior to their maturity in connection with the occurrence of certain changes of control that are accompanied by certain downgrades in the credit ratings of the notes. The repayment obligations under the notes may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a takeover of our company. If we were required to pay the notes prior to their scheduled maturity, it could have a negative impact on our cash position and liquidity and impair our ability to invest financial resources in other strategic initiatives. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and may negatively impact the terms of any such financing. Risks Related to Our Sales and End-Customers We generate a majority of revenue from sales to distributors, resellers and end-customers outside of the United States, and we are therefore subject to a number of risks associated with international sales and operations. We market and sell our products throughout the world and have established sales offices in many parts of the world. Our international sales have represented a majority of our total revenue in recent periods. Therefore, we are subject to risks associated with having worldwide operations. We are also subject to a number of risks typically associated with international sales and operations, including: • disruption in the supply chain or in manufacturing or shipping, or decreases in demand by channel partners or end-customers, including any such disruption or decreases caused by factors outside of our control such as international trade disputes or tariffs, labor or supply chain disruptions, inflation and other cost increases, international conflicts, terrorism, wars, such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, critical infrastructure attacks, natural disasters, health emergencies, epidemics and pandemics, power outages and civil unrest; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or a weakening of the U.S. dollar, as a significant portion of our expenses are incurred and paid in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and such fluctuations may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations; • political instability, changes in trade agreements, tariffs and conflicts such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East and any expansions thereof, could adversely affect our business and financial performance; • economic instability in foreign markets, such as any economic instability caused by economic downturns or recessions, could adversely affect our business and financial performance; • greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection, including longer collection periods; • longer sales processes for larger deals; • changes in regulatory requirements; • difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations; • the uncertainty of protection for IP rights in some countries; 22 Table of Contents • costs of compliance with foreign policies, laws and regulations and the risks and costs of non-compliance with such policies, laws and regulations; • protectionist policies and penalties, and local laws, requirements, policies and perceptions that may adversely impact a U.S.-headquartered business’s sales in certain countries outside of the United States; • costs of complying with, and the risks, reputational damage and other costs of non-compliance with, U.S. or other foreign laws and regulations for foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the Digital Operational Resilience Act (“DORA”), the EU Data Act, import and export control laws, trade laws and regulations, tariffs and retaliatory measures, trade barriers and economic sanctions; • other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell our products in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance; • heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies that could disrupt the sales team through terminations of employment or otherwise, and may adversely impact financial results as compared to those already reported or forecasted and result in restatements of financial statements and irregularities in financial statements; • our ability to effectively implement and maintain adequate internal controls to properly manage our international sales and operations; • political unrest, changes and uncertainty associated with terrorism, hostilities, war or natural disasters; • management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural differences and geographic dispersion; and • changes in tax, tariff, employment and other laws. Product and service sales and employee and contractor matters may be subject to foreign governmental regulations, which vary substantially from country to country. Further, we may be unable to keep up to date with changes in government requirements as they change over time. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in adverse effects to our business. In many foreign countries, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. Although we implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and policies, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, channel partners and agents will comply with these laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners or agents could result in litigation, regulatory action, costs of investigation, delays in revenue recognition, delays in financial reporting, financial reporting misstatements, fines, penalties or the prohibition of the importation or exportation of our products and services, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may undertake corporate operating restructurings or transfers of assets that involve our group of foreign country subsidiaries through which we do business abroad, in order to maximize the operational and tax efficiency of our group structure. If ineffectual, such restructurings or transfers could increase our income tax liabilities, and in turn, increase our global effective tax rate. Moreover, our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe reasonably ensures that we are in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the tax authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which could impact our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and operating results. If we are not successful in continuing to execute our strategy to increase our sales to large- and medium-sized end-customers, our results of operations may suffer. An important part of our growth strategy is to increase sales of our products to large- and medium-sized businesses, service providers and government organizations. While we have increased sales in recent periods to large- and medium-sized businesses, our sales volume varies by quarter and there is a risk as to our level of success selling to these target customers. Such sales involve unique sales skillsets, processes and structures, are often more complex and feature a longer contract term and may be at higher discount levels. We also have experienced uneven traction selling to certain government organizations and service providers and MSSPs, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful selling to these customers. Sales to these 23 Table of Contents organizations involve risks that may not be present, or that are present to a lesser extent, with sales to smaller entities. These risks include: • increased competition from competitors that traditionally target large- and medium-sized businesses, service providers and government organizations and that may already have purchase commitments from those end-customers; • increased purchasing power and leverage held by large end-customers in negotiating contractual arrangements; • unanticipated changes in the capital resources or purchasing behavior of large end-customers, including changes in the volume and frequency of their purchases and changes in the mix of products and services, willingness to change to cloud delivery model and related payment terms; • more stringent support requirements in our support service contracts, including stricter support response times, more complex requirements and increased penalties for any failure to meet support requirements; • longer sales cycles and the associated risk that deals are delayed and that substantial time and resources may be spent on a potential end-customer that elects not to purchase our products and services; • increased requirements from these customers that we have certain third-party security or other certifications, which we may not have, the lack of which may adversely affect our ability to successfully sell to such customers; • uncertainty as to timing to close large deals and any delays in closing those deals; and • longer ramp-up periods for enterprise sales personnel as compared to other sales personnel. Large- and medium-sized businesses, service providers and MSSPs and government organizations often undertake a significant evaluation process that results in a lengthy sales cycle, in some cases longer than 12 months. Although we have a channel sales model, our sales representatives typically engage in direct interaction with end-customers, along with our distributors and resellers, in connection with sales to large- and medium-sized end-customers. We may spend substantial time, effort and money in our sales efforts without being successful in producing any sales. In addition, purchases by large- and medium-sized businesses, service providers and government organizations are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays; in light of current economic conditions and regulations in place by various government authorities, some of these sales cycles are being further extended. Furthermore, service providers and MSSPs represent our largest industry vertical and consolidation or continued changes in buying behavior by larger customers within this industry could negatively impact our business. Large- and medium-sized businesses, service providers and MSSPs and government organizations typically have longer implementation cycles, require greater product functionality and scalability, expect a broader range of services, including design, implementation and post go-live services, demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, and expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. In addition, large- and medium-sized businesses, service providers and government organizations may require that our products and services be sold differently from how we offer our products and services, which could negatively impact our operating results. Our large business and service provider customers may also become more deliberate in their purchases as they plan their next-generation network security architecture, leading them to take more time in making purchasing decisions or to purchase based only on their immediate needs. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these customers. In addition, if sales expected from a large- and medium-sized end-customer for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. If we do not increase the effectiveness of our sales organization, we may have difficulty adding new end-customers or increasing sales to our existing end-customers and our business may be adversely affected. Although we have a channel sales model, sales in our industry are complex and members of our sales organization often engage in direct interaction with our prospective end-customers, particularly for larger deals involving larger end-customers. Therefore, we continue to be substantially dependent on our sales organization to obtain new end-customers and sell additional products and services to our existing end-customers. There is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require, including experienced enterprise sales employees and others. Our ability to grow our revenue depends, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth and on the effectiveness of our sales strategy, sales execution, and sales personnel selling successfully in different contexts, each of which has its own different complexities, approaches and competitive landscapes, 24 Table of Contents such as managing and growing the channel business for sales to small businesses and more actively selling to the end-customer for sales to larger organizations. New hires require substantial training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. Furthermore, hiring sales personnel in new countries requires additional setup and upfront costs that we may not recover if the sales personnel fail to achieve full productivity. If our sales employees do not become fully productive on the timelines that we have projected, our revenue may not increase at anticipated levels and our ability to achieve long-term projections may be negatively impacted. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new end-customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base or sales personnel do not effectively sell our extended security products, our business, operating results and prospects may be adversely affected. If we do not hire properly qualified and effective sales employees and organize our sales team effectively to capture the opportunities in the various customer segments we are targeting, our growth and ability to effectively support growth may be harmed. In addition, in light of macroeconomic trends and in the event of sales execution challenges for any reason, we may face excess sales capacity, low sales productivity generally, and a decline in productivity in our sales organization. If we are not able to align our sales capacity and market demand, or if the productivity of our sales organization decreases, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. We periodically implement new sales compensation plans, which may change the method, amount and timing for sales-based compensation for our sales personnel. If we are not successful in implementing new sales compensation plans, or members of our sales team react negatively to such new plans, this may negatively impact our ability to execute and grow sales and we may be unable to hire, retain and motivate qualified sales personnel. Unless we continue to develop better market awareness of our company and our products, and to improve lead generation and sales enablement, our revenue may not continue to grow. Increased market awareness of our capabilities and products and increased lead generation are essential to our continued growth and our success in all of our markets, particularly the market for sales to large businesses, service providers and government organizations. While we have increased our investments in sales and marketing, it is not clear that these investments will continue to result in increased revenue. If our investments in additional sales personnel or our marketing programs are not successful in continuing to create market awareness of our company and products or increasing lead generation, in growing billings for our broad product suite or if we experience turnover and disruption in our sales and marketing teams, we may not be able to achieve sustained growth, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Some of our sales are to government organizations, which subjects us to a number of regulatory requirements, their own supply chain constraints and contractual requirements, challenges and risks. Sales to U.S. and foreign federal, state and local government organizations are subject to a number of risks. Because of public sector budgetary cycles and laws or regulations governing public procurements, such sales often require significant upfront time and expense without any assurance of winning a sale. Government demand, sales and payment for our products and services may be negatively impacted by numerous factors and requirements unique to selling to government agencies, such as: • policies, laws and regulations have in the past, and may in the future, require us to obtain and maintain certain security and other certifications in order to sell our products and services into certain government organizations, and such certifications may be costly and time-consuming to obtain and maintain; • funding authorizations and requirements unique to government agencies, with funding or purchasing reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products. Our business operations, contract awards, and revenue streams are subject to governmental actions, which may introduce risks to our financial performance and strategic growth. In addition, these actions could eliminate or reduce the operations of an agency that we work with, terminate employees with whom we have business relations with or cancel or modify a contract with us. Any failure to comply with these actions, shifts in federal procurement strategies, or budgetary reductions imposed by the agency could adversely impact our financial results, competitive positioning, and overall business operations; and • geopolitical matters, including tariff and trade disputes, government shutdowns, impact of the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, trade protectionism and other geopolitical dynamics that may adversely affect our ability to sell in certain locations or obtain the requisite permits and clearances required for certain purchases by government organizations of our products and services. 25 Table of Contents In addition, if we do not have certain certifications, this may restrict our ability to sell to certain customers until we have obtained the required certifications and we may not obtain the certifications in a timely manner or at all. For example, certain of our competitors may have decided to become certified under the U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (“FedRAMP”), and until the time that we also certify under FedRAMP, we risk losing deals to certified competitors for deals where FedRAMP certification is a requirement. The rules and regulations applicable to sales to government organizations may also negatively impact sales to other organizations. For example, government organizations may have contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our future results of operations. If the distributor receives a significant portion of its revenue from sales to government organizations, the financial health of the distributor could be substantially harmed, which could negatively affect our future sales to such distributor. Governments routinely investigate, review and audit government vendors’ administrative and other processes, and any unfavorable investigation, audit, other review or unfavorable determination related to any government clearance or certification could result in the government’s refusing to continue buying our products and services, a limitation and reduction of government purchases of our products and services, a reduction of revenue or fines, or civil or criminal liability if the investigation, audit or other review uncovers improper, illegal or otherwise concerning activities. Any such penalties could adversely impact our results of operations in a material way. Further, any refusal to grant certain certifications or clearances by one government agency, or any decision by one government agency that our products do not meet certain standards, may reduce business opportunities and cause reputational harm and cause concern with other government agencies, governments and businesses and cause them to not buy our products and services and/or lead to a decrease in demand for our products generally. Finally, some governments, including the U.S. federal government, may require certain products to be manufactured in, and services to be provided from, certain identified countries which may be high-cost locations. We may not manufacture all products or provide all services in locations that meet such requirements and consequently our products and services may not be eligible for certain government purchases. Risks Related to Our Products and Services, Industry and Customers Actual, possible or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, the failure of our products or services to detect or prevent a security incident or the misuse of our products could harm our and our customers’ operational results and reputation. Our products and services are complex, and they have contained and may contain defects, errors or vulnerabilities that are not detected until after their commercial release and deployment by our customers. Defects, errors or vulnerabilities may impede or block network traffic, cause our products or services to be vulnerable to electronic break-ins, cause them to fail to help secure our customers or cause our products or services to allow unauthorized access to our customers’ networks, or an unintended disruption to our customers’ operations. Additionally, any perception that our products have vulnerabilities, whether or not accurate, and any actual vulnerabilities may harm our operational results and reputation, more significantly as compared to other companies in other industries. Following a review in accordance with our publicly available Product Security Incident Response Team policy, our Product Security Incident Response Team publicly posts on our FortiGuard Labs website known product vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, and methods for customers to mitigate the risk of vulnerabilities. For example, we recently discovered, and subsequently released to customers an advisory update and patch for, a critical vulnerability in our FortiManager product. We are subject to various risks due to the FortiManager vulnerability, including reputational harm, adverse impacts to customer relationships, potential litigation, and additional regulatory scrutiny, which could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. There can be no assurance that posts on our FortiGuard Labs website, including with respect to the recently announced FortiManager vulnerability, will be sufficiently timely, accurate or complete or that those customers will see such posts or take steps to mitigate the risk of vulnerabilities, and certain customers may be negatively impacted. Our products are also susceptible to errors, defects, logic flaws, vulnerabilities and inserted vulnerabilities that may arise in, or be included in our products in, different stages of our supply chain, manufacturing and shipment processes, and a threat actor’s exploitation of these weaknesses may be difficult to anticipate, prevent, and detect. If we are unable to maintain an effective supply chain security risk management and products security program or we inadvertently release a product or an update to a product with a defect in it, then the security and integrity of our products and the updates to those products that our customers receive could be exploited by third parties or insiders, or our solutions or updates thereto could cause an unintended disruption to our customers’ operations. Different customers deploy and use our products in different ways, and certain deployments and usages may subject our products to adverse conditions that may negatively impact the effectiveness and useful lifetime of our products. Further, customers may choose not to apply patches in a timely manner for business or operational reasons, or may neglect to upgrade at all and may run unpatched or unsupported devices against our guidance and industry best 26 Table of Contents practice. Such lack of action to remediate known product vulnerabilities in the customer environment could negatively impact their own security posture, increasing the likelihood of exploitation and negatively impacting our reputation. Our networks and products, including cloud-based technology, could be targeted by attacks specifically designed to disrupt our business and harm our operational results and reputation. We cannot ensure that our products will prevent all adverse security events or not cause disruptions to our customers’ operations. Because the techniques used by malicious adversaries to access or sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. In addition, defects or errors in our FortiGuard and other security subscriptions or FortiCare updates or our Fortinet appliances and operating systems could result in a failure of our FortiGuard and other security subscription services to effectively or correctly update end-customers’ Fortinet appliances and cloud-based products and thereby leave customers vulnerable to attacks or to disruptions in operations. Furthermore, our solutions may also fail to detect or prevent viruses, worms, ransomware attacks or similar threats due to a number of reasons such as the evolving nature of such threats and the continual emergence of new threats that we may fail to anticipate or add to our FortiGuard databases in time to protect our end-customers’ networks. Our data centers and networks and those of our hosting vendors and cloud service providers may also experience technical failures and downtime, and may fail to distribute appropriate updates, or fail to meet the increased requirements of our customer base. Any such technical failure, downtime or failures in general may temporarily or permanently expose our end-customers’ networks, leaving their networks unprotected against the latest security threats. An actual, possible or perceived security incident or infection of the network of one of our end-customers or a disruption to their operations, regardless of whether the incident is attributable to the failure of our products or services to prevent or detect the security incident or be the cause of such disruption, or any actual or perceived security risk in our supply chain, could adversely affect the market’s perception of our security products and services, cause customers and customer prospects not to buy from us and, in some instances, subject us to potential liability that is not contractually limited. We may not be able to correct any security flaws or vulnerabilities promptly, or at all. Our products may also be misused or misconfigured by end-customers or third parties who obtain access to our products. For example, our products could be used to censor private access to certain information on the internet. Such use of our products for censorship could result in negative press coverage and negatively affect our reputation, even if we take reasonable measures to prevent any improper shipment of our products or if our products are provided by an unauthorized third party. Any actual, possible or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products, or misuse of our products, could result in: • the expenditure of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate or work around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities; • the loss of existing or potential end-customers or channel partners; • delayed or lost revenue; • delay or failure to attain market acceptance; • negative publicity and harm to our reputation; and • disclosure requirements, litigation, regulatory inquiries or investigations that may be costly and harm our reputation and, in some instances, subject us to potential liability that is not contractually limited. If our internal enterprise IT networks, on which we conduct internal business and interface externally, our operational networks, through which we connect to customers, vendors and partners systems and provide services, or our research and development networks, our back-end labs and cloud stacks hosted in our data centers or PoPs, colocation vendors or public cloud providers, through which we research, develop and host products and services, are compromised, public perception of our products and services may be harmed, our customers may be breached and harmed, we may become subject to liability, and our business, operating results and stock price may be adversely impacted. Our success depends on the market’s confidence in our ability to provide effective network security protection. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches of our internal networks, systems and websites, whether in our owned data centers, cloud providers or colocations, we are still vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, attempts to overload our servers with denial-of-service, vulnerabilities in vendor hardware and software that we leverage, advanced persistent threats from sophisticated actors and other cyberattacks and similar disruptions from unautho