 for 2026 include, but are not limited to: • risks associated with changes in utility regulation, including the outcome of regulatory proceedings at the Corporation's utilities; • physical risks related to the provision of electric and gas service, which can be exacerbated by the impacts of climate change; • risks associated with capital projects and the impact on the Corporation's continued growth; • risks associated with cybersecurity and information and operations technology, including disruption to electric and gas service, consumption and load settlement systems, and financial or general operations, as well as the risk of misappropriation and/or disclosure of confidential or proprietary information; • risks related to environmental laws and regulations; • the impact of weather variability and seasonality on heating and cooling loads and gas distribution volumes; • risks associated with commodity price volatility and supply of purchased power; and, • risks related to general economic conditions, including inflation, interest rate and foreign exchange risks. All forward-looking information in this Form 40-F is given as of the date of this Form 40-F and the Corporation disclaims any intention or obligation to revise or update any forward-looking information as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CURRENCY The Corporation presents its consolidated financial statements in Canadian dollars unless otherwise specified. All dollar amounts in this Form 40-F are stated in Canadian dollars ("$" or "C$"), except where otherwise indicated. On February 11, 2026, the daily average exchange rate (as reported by the Bank of Canada) of United States dollars ("US$") into Canadian dollars was US$1.00 equals C$1.36. CANADIAN ANNUAL DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS The following documents are filed as exhibits to this Form 40-F: 1. The Annual Information Form for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 40-F and incorporated by reference herein (the "AIF"); 2. Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, which are filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 40-F and incorporated by reference herein (the "Annual Financial Statements"); and 3. Management's Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, which is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 40-F and incorporated by reference herein (the "Annual MD&A"). 4 CERTIFICATIONS See Exhibits 99.4, 99.5, 99.6 and 99.7 to this Form 40-F. DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed with, or submitted to, securities regulatory authorities is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under Canadian and United States securities laws. As of December 31, 2025, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision of, and with the participation of, the Corporation's management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the applicable Canadian and United States securities laws. Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2025. MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is designed by, or under the supervision of, the Corporation's President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and effected by the Corporation's Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Corporation's management, including the Corporation's President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting was effective. Deloitte LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Annual Financial Statements, and has included its attestation report on management's assessment of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, which is found on page 2 of the Annual Financial Statements. ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Deloitte LLP's attestation report on management's assessment of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting is found on page 5 of the Annual Financial Statements. CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management regularly reviews its system of internal control over financial reporting and makes changes to the Corporation's processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that the Corporation maintains an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there have been no changes in the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting. NOTICES PURSUANT TO REGULATION BTR The Corporation did not send any notices required by Rule 104 of Regulation BTR during the year ended December 31, 2025 concerning any equity security subject to a blackout period under Rule 101 of Regulation BTR. 5 IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Corporation has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. As of December 31, 2025, the Audit Committee is composed of Margarita K. Dilley (Chair), Tracey C. Ball, Lawrence T. Borgard, Maura J. Clark, Gregory E. Knight, Donald R. Marchand and Jo Mark Zurel as described under "Audit Committee - Members" on page 28 of the AIF. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT The Board has determined that the Corporation has at least one "audit committee financial expert" (as defined in paragraph (8) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F) and that Tracey C. Ball, Maura J. Clark, Margarita K. Dilley, Donald R. Marchand and Jo Mark Zurel are the Corporation's "audit committee financial experts" serving on the Audit Committee of the Board. Each of the audit committee financial experts is "independent" under applicable listing standards. CODE OF ETHICS The Corporation has a "code of ethics" (as defined in paragraph (9)(b) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F) that applies to all the Corporation's employees, officers and directors, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Corporation's code of ethics (referred to as the "Code of Conduct") is available on the Corporation's website at https://www.fortisinc.com/ or, without charge, upon request from the Corporate Secretary, Fortis Inc., Fortis Place, Suite 1100, 5 Springdale Street, St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada A1E 0E4 (telephone (709) 737-2800). The Code of Conduct was amended during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 as follows: • On January 1, 2025, the Code of Conduct was amended to reflect administrative changes. • On December 4, 2025, the Code of Conduct was amended with effect from January 1, 2026 to reflect certain editorial, organizational and administrative changes. The amended Code of Conduct was furnished as an exhibit to a report on Form 6-K filed by the Corporation on January 13, 2026. The amended Code of Conduct reflecting the revisions described above is filed as an exhibit to this Form 40-F. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, there have not been any amendments to, or waivers of, including implicit waivers of, any provision of the Code of Conduct which is applicable to the Corporation's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in paragraph (9)(b) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Deloitte LLP served as the Corporation's independent public accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. For a description of the total amount billed to the Corporation by Deloitte LLP for services performed in the last two fiscal years by category of service (audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees and all other fees), see "Audit Committee - External Auditor Service Fees" on page 29 of the AIF. AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE ‑ APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES For a description of the pre-approval policies and procedures of the Corporation's Audit Committee, see "Audit Committee - Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures" on page 29 of the AIF. No audit-related fees, tax fees or other non-audit fees were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S‑X. OFF ‑ BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Except for letters of credit outstanding of $105 million as at December 31, 2025 and certain unrecorded commitments disclosed under the heading "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Contractual Obligations" on pag e 16 of the Annual MD&A, the Corporation has not entered into any "off-balance sheet arrangements", as defined in General Instruction B(11) to Form 40-F, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Corporation's financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 6 RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION The Corporation has adopted a compensation recovery policy effective October 2, 2023 (referred to as the "Executive Compensation Clawback Policy") as required by NYSE listing standards and pursuant to Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act. The Executive Compensation Clawback Policy is filed as Exhibit 97 to this Form 40-F. At no time during or after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (as of the date of this Annual Report), was the Corporation required to prepare an accounting restatement that required recovery of erroneously awarded compensation pursuant to the Executive Compensation Clawback Policy and, as of December 31, 2025, there was no outstanding balance of erroneously awarded compensation to be recovered from the application of the Executive Compensation Clawback Policy to a prior restatement. TABULAR DISCLOSURE OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS For tabular disclosure of the Corporation's contractual obligations, see page 16 of the Annual MD&A, under the heading "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Contractual Obligations". COMPARISON OF NYSE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RULES The Corporation is subject to a variety of corporate governance guidelines and requirements enacted by the Toronto Stock Exchange (the "TSX"), the Canadian securities regulatory authorities, the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") and the SEC. The Corporation is listed on the NYSE and, although the Corporation is not required to comply with most of the NYSE corporate governance requirements to which the Corporation would be subject if it were a U.S. corporation, the Corporation's governance practices differ from those required of U.S. domestic issuers only as described herein. The NYSE rules for U.S. domestic issuers require shareholder approval of all equity compensation plans (as defined in the NYSE rules) regardless of whether new issuances, treasury shares or shares that the Corporation has purchased in the open market are used. The TSX rules require shareholder approval of share compensation arrangements involving new issuances of shares, and of certain amendments to such arrangements, but do not require such approval if the compensation arrangements involve only shares purchased in the open market. The NYSE rules for U.S. domestic issuers also require shareholder approval of certain transactions or series of related transactions that result in the issuance of common shares, or securities convertible into or exercisable for common shares, that have, or will have upon issuance, voting power equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power outstanding prior to the transaction or if the issuance of common shares, or securities convertible into or exercisable for common shares, are, or will be upon issuance, equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of common shares outstanding prior to the transaction. The TSX rules require shareholder approval of acquisition transactions resulting in dilution in excess of 25%. The TSX also has broad general discretion to require shareholder approval in connection with any issuances of listed securities. The Corporation complies with the TSX rules described in this paragraph. UNDERTAKING The Corporation undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the SEC staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the SEC staff, information relating to: the securities in relation to which the obligation to file an annual report on Form 40-F arises; or transactions in said securities. DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 13(r) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT In accordance with Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, the Corporation is required to include certain disclosures in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain specified activities during the period covered by the report. Neither the Corporation nor its affiliates have knowingly engaged in any transaction or dealing reportable under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act during the year ended December 31, 2025. CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS Any change to the name or address of the Corporation's agent for service shall be communicated promptly to the SEC by amendment to the Form F-X referencing the file number of the Corporation. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The Corporation's Annual Report on Form 40-F (other than the section entitled "Credit R atings" in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 40-F) is incorporated by reference into the Corporation's Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-264838), Form S-8 (File No. 333-276111), Form S-8 (File No. 333-276112), Form S-8 (File No. 333-281205), Form S-8 (File No. 333-226663), Form S-8 (File No. 333-236213), Form F-3 (File No. 333-279253), and Form F-10 (File No. 333-283687). 7 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Description 97 Executive Compensation Clawback Policy effective October 2, 2023 99.1 Annual Information Form of the Corporation dated February 1 1 , 202 6 99.2 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 202 5 99.3 Management's Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 202 5 99.4 Chief Executive Officer certification required by Rule 13a-14(a) 99.5 Chief Financial Officer certification required by Rule 13a-14(a) 99.6 Chief Executive Officer certification required by Rule 13a-14(b) 99.7 Chief Financial Officer certification required by Rule 13a-14(b) 99.8 Consent of Deloitte LLP 99.9 Code of Conduct dated January 1, 2026 101.INS XBRL Instance 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 8 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Corporation certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 40‑F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. FORTIS INC. /s/ Jocelyn H. Perry Jocelyn H. Perry Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Date: February 12, 2026 9 