—Risks Related to Our Operations in China—We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income.” United States Federal Income Tax Considerations The following discussion is a summary of U.S. federal income tax considerations generally applicable to the ownership and disposition of the ADSs or our ordinary shares by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that holds the ADSs or our ordinary shares as “capital assets” (generally, property held for investment) under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion is based upon existing U.S. federal tax law, which is subject to differing interpretations or change, possibly with retroactive effect. No ruling has been sought from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) with respect to any U.S. federal income tax consequences described below, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. This discussion, moreover, does not address any state, local or non-U.S. tax considerations and does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to particular investors in light of their individual circumstances (such as estate or gift tax considerations, alternative minimum tax considerations, the potential application of the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income, or the special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the Code) or to persons in special tax situations such as: ● banks and other financial institutions; ● insurance companies; ● pension plans; ● cooperatives; ● regulated investment companies; ● real estate investment trusts; ● broker-dealers; ● traders that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting; ● certain former U.S. citizens or long-term residents; ● tax-exempt entities (including private foundations); ● individual retirement accounts or other tax-deferred accounts; ● persons who acquire their ADSs or ordinary shares pursuant to any employee share option or otherwise as compensation; 221 Table of Contents ● investors that will hold their ADSs or ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; ● investors that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar; ● persons that actually or constructively own 10% or more of the ADSs or our ordinary shares (by vote or value); ● persons required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to their ADSs or ordinary shares as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement; or ● partnerships or other entities taxable as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or persons holding ADSs or ordinary shares through such entities; all of whom may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those discussed below. Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the application of U.S. federal taxation to its particular circumstances, and the state, local, non-U.S. and other tax considerations of the ownership and disposition of the ADSs or our ordinary shares. General For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of the ADSs or our ordinary shares that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: ● an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; ● a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created in, or organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; ● an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or ● a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more U.S. persons who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has otherwise validly elected to be treated as a U.S. person under the Code. If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is a beneficial owner of the ADSs or our ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding the ADSs or our ordinary shares and their partners are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in the ADSs or our ordinary shares. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of ADSs will generally be treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying shares represented by the ADSs. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a U.S. Holder of the ADSs will be treated in this manner. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of ordinary shares for ADSs will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. 222 Table of Contents Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations A non-U.S. corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year if either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income (the “asset test”). For this purpose, cash and assets readily convertible into cash are categorized as passive assets and the company’s goodwill and other unbooked intangibles are taken into account. Passive income generally includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets. We will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share of the income of any other corporation in which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of the stock. Although the law in this regard is not entirely clear, we treat the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as being owned by us for U.S. federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and are entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with them, and, as a result, we consolidate their results of operations in our consolidated U.S. GAAP financial statements. If it were determined, however, that we are not the owner of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year and any subsequent taxable year. Based on our analysis of our activities as well as the composition of our income and valuation of our assets, including goodwill, we believe that we were a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2025. We may also be a PFIC in future taxable years. However, no assurances regarding our PFIC status can be provided for any past, current or future taxable years. U.S. Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the implications of owning stock in a PFIC. The determination of whether we are or will become a PFIC is a factual determination made annually that will depend, in part, upon the composition and classification of our income and assets. Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules, it is possible that the IRS may challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive which may result in our being or becoming a PFIC in the current or subsequent years. Furthermore, fluctuations in the market price of the ADSs may cause us to be classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years because the value of our assets for purposes of the asset test, including the value of our goodwill and unbooked intangibles, may be determined by reference to the market price of the ADSs from time to time (which may be volatile). Among other matters, if our market capitalization declines, we may be or become a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. The composition of our income and assets may also be affected by how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets. Under circumstances where our revenue from activities that produce passive income significantly increases relative to our revenue from activities that produce non-passive income, or where we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of becoming classified as a PFIC may substantially increase. Because of the uncertainties involved in establishing our PFIC status, our U.S. tax counsel expresses no opinion regarding our PFIC status for any tax year. If we are a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. Holder holds the ADSs or our ordinary shares, we generally will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S. Holder holds the ADSs or our ordinary shares. The discussion below under “—Dividends” and “—Sale or Other Disposition” is written on the basis that we are not, will not be or become classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The U.S. federal income tax rules that apply generally if we are treated as a PFIC are discussed below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules.” 223 Table of Contents Dividends Any cash distributions paid on the ADSs or our ordinary shares (including the amount of any PRC tax withheld) out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles, will generally be includible in the gross income of a U.S. Holder as dividend income on the day actually or constructively received by the U.S. Holder, in the case of ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs. Because we do not intend to determine our earnings and profits on the basis of U.S. federal income tax principles, any distribution we pay will generally be treated as a “dividend” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends received on the ADSs or our ordinary shares will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction allowed to corporations in respect of dividends received from U.S. corporations. Individuals and other non-corporate U.S. Holders will be subject to tax on any such dividends at the lower capital gain tax rate applicable to “qualified dividend income,” provided that certain conditions are satisfied, including that (1) the ADSs or our ordinary shares on which the dividends are paid are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, or, in the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC tax law, we are eligible for the benefit of the U.S.-PRC income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), (2) we are neither a PFIC nor treated as such with respect to a U.S. Holder (as discussed below) for the taxable year in which the dividend is paid and the preceding taxable year, and (3) certain holding period requirements are met. For this purpose, ADSs listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market will generally be considered to be readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the lower rate for dividends paid with respect to the ADSs or our ordinary shares. In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (see “Item 10. Additional Information—E. Taxation—PRC Taxation”), we may be eligible for the benefits of the Treaty. If we are eligible for such benefits, dividends we pay on our ordinary shares, regardless of whether such shares are represented by the ADSs, and regardless of whether the ADSs are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, would be eligible for the reduced rate of taxation described in this paragraph. For U.S. foreign tax credit purposes, dividends paid on the ADSs or our ordinary shares generally will be treated as income from foreign sources and generally will constitute passive category income. In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, a U.S. Holder may be subject to PRC withholding taxes on dividends paid on the ADSs or our ordinary shares (see “Item 10. Additional Information—E. Taxation—PRC Taxation”). Depending on the U.S. Holder’s particular facts and circumstances and subject to a number of complex conditions and limitations, PRC withholding taxes on dividends that are non-refundable under the Treaty may be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against a U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability. However, U.S. Treasury regulations may in some circumstances prohibit a U.S. Holder from claiming a foreign tax credit with respect to certain foreign taxes that are not creditable under applicable tax treaties. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in respect of such withholding, but only for a year in which such holder elects to do so for all creditable foreign income taxes. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit under their particular circumstances. 224 Table of Contents Sale or Other Disposition A U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized upon the disposition and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in such ADSs or ordinary shares. The gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss. Any capital gain or loss will be long term if the ADSs or ordinary shares have been held for more than one year. Non-corporate U.S. Holders (including individuals) generally will be subject to United States federal income tax on long-term capital gain at preferential rates. The deductibility of a capital loss may be subject to limitations. Any such gain or loss that the U.S. Holder recognizes will generally be treated as U.S. source income or loss for foreign tax credit limitation purposes, which will generally limit the availability of foreign tax credits. However, in the event we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be eligible for the benefits of the Treaty. In such event, if PRC tax were to be imposed on any gain from the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for the benefits of the Treaty may elect to treat such gain as PRC source income. If a U.S. Holder is not eligible for the benefits of the Treaty or fails to make the election to treat any gain as foreign source, then such U.S. Holder may not be able to use the foreign tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against United States federal income tax due on other income derived from foreign sources in the same income category (generally, the passive category). Each U.S. Holder is advised to consult its tax advisor regarding the tax consequences if a foreign tax is imposed on a disposition of the ADSs or our ordinary shares, including the availability of the foreign tax credit under its particular circumstances. Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules If we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds the ADSs or our ordinary shares, and unless the U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election (as described below), the U.S. Holder will generally be subject to special tax rules, regardless of whether we remain a PFIC, on (i) any excess distribution that we make to the U.S. Holder (which generally means any distribution paid during a taxable year to a U.S. Holder that is greater than 125 percent of the average annual distributions paid in the three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares), and (ii) any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares. Under the PFIC rules: ● the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares; ● the amount allocated to the taxable year of the distribution or gain and any taxable years in the U.S. Holder’s holding period prior to the first taxable year in which we are classified as a PFIC (each, a “pre-PFIC year”), will be taxable as ordinary income; and ● the amount allocated to each prior taxable year, other than a pre-PFIC year, will be subject to tax at the highest income tax rate in effect for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, for that year, increased by an additional tax equal to the interest charge on the resulting tax deemed deferred with respect to each such taxable year. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds the ADSs or our ordinary shares and any of our subsidiaries or the Consolidated Affiliated Entities is also a PFIC, such U.S. Holder would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value) of the shares of the lower-tier PFIC for purposes of the application of these rules. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries or the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. 225 Table of Contents As an alternative to the foregoing rules, a U.S. Holder of “marketable stock” (as defined below) in a PFIC may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such stock. If a U.S. Holder makes this election with respect to the ADSs, the holder will generally (i) include as ordinary income for each taxable year that we are a PFIC the excess, if any, of the fair market value of ADSs held at the end of the taxable year over the adjusted tax basis of such ADSs and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if any, of the adjusted tax basis of the ADSs over the fair market value of such ADSs held at the end of the taxable year, but such deduction will only be allowed to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election. The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the ADSs would be adjusted to reflect any income or loss resulting from the mark-to-market election. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of the ADSs and we cease to be classified as a PFIC, the holder will not be required to take into account the gain or loss described above during any period that we are not classified as a PFIC. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election, any gain such U.S. Holder recognizes upon the sale or other disposition of the ADSs in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but such loss will only be treated as ordinary loss to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election. The mark-to-market election is available only for “marketable stock,” which is stock that is regularly traded on a qualified exchange or other market, as defined in applicable United States Treasury regulations. The ADSs, but not our ordinary shares, are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market, which is a qualified exchange for this purpose. We anticipate that the ADSs should qualify as being regularly traded, but no assurances may be given in this regard. Because a mark-to-market election cannot technically be made for any lower-tier PFICs that we may own, a U.S. Holder who made a mark-to-market election with respect to the ADSs may continue to be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to such U.S. Holder’s indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not intend to provide information necessary for U.S. Holders to make qualified electing fund elections which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from (and generally less adverse than) the general tax treatment for PFICs described above. If a U.S. Holder owns the ADSs or our ordinary shares during any taxable year that we are a PFIC, the holder must generally file an annual IRS Form 8621 whether or not a mark-to-market election is or has been made. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and disposing of the ADSs or our ordinary shares if we are or become a PFIC. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding Payments of distributions and sales proceeds that are made within the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries generally are subject to information reporting, and may be subject to backup withholding, unless (i) the U.S. Holder is a corporation or other exempt recipient or (ii) in the case of backup withholding, the U.S. Holder provides a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that it is not subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle it to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Information With Respect to Foreign Financial Assets Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals may be required to report information relating to their ownership of an interest in certain foreign financial assets, including stock of a non-U.S. person, generally on Form 8938, subject to exceptions (including an exception for stock held through a U.S. financial institution). In addition, certain U.S. Holders may be required to file a FinCEN Form 114 (Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts) with the U.S. Treasury Department each year to report their interest in the ADSs. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding their reporting obligations with respect to the ADSs. 226 Table of Contents F. Dividends and Paying Agents Not applicable. G. Statement by Experts Not applicable. H. Documents on Display We are subject to periodic reporting and other informational requirements of the Exchange Act as applicable to foreign private issuers, and are required to file reports and other information with the SEC. Specifically, we are required to file annually an annual report on Form 20-F within four months after the end of each fiscal year, which is December 31. All information filed with the SEC can be obtained over the internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You can request copies of documents, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by writing to the SEC. As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of quarterly reports and proxy statements, and officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. We will furnish JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the depositary of the ADSs, with our annual reports, which will include a review of operations and annual audited consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, and all notices of shareholders’ meetings and other reports and communications that are made generally available to our shareholders. The depositary will make such notices, reports and communications available to holders of ADSs and, upon our request, will mail to all record holders of ADSs the information contained in any notice of a shareholders’ meeting received by the depositary from us. In accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5250(d), we will post this annual report on Form 20-F on our website at ir.futuholdings.com. In addition, we will provide hardcopies of our annual report free of charge to shareholders and ADS holders upon request. I. Subsidiary Information Not applicable. J. Annual Report to Security Holders Not applicable. ​ Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Foreign exchange risk Most of our revenues are denominated in Hong Kong dollar and U.S. dollar and a significant portion of our expenses are denominated in Renminbi. The value of your investment in the ADSs will be affected by the exchange rate between U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar because the value of our business is effectively denominated in Hong Kong dollars, while the ADSs are traded in U.S. dollars. 227 Table of Contents Currency risk arises from the possibility that fluctuations in foreign exchange rates will impact the financial instruments. Our Group is not exposed to significant transactional foreign currency risk since almost all of its transactions, assets and liability are denominated in Hong Kong dollars and U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollars are pegged against U.S. dollars. The impact of foreign currency fluctuations in our earnings is included in “Others, net” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss)/income. At the same time, we are exposed to translational foreign currency risk since some of our major subsidiaries have RMB as their functional currency. Therefore, RMB depreciation against Hong Kong dollars could have a material adverse impact on the foreign currency translation adjustment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss)/income. As of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, we had RMB-denominated net liabilities of HK$3,711.1 million, HK$6,586.9 million and HK$8,404.6 million (US$1,079.8 million), respectively. We estimate that a 10% depreciation of Renminbi against the Hong Kong dollar based on the foreign exchange rate on December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 would result in an increase of HK$371.1 million, HK$658.7 million and HK$840.5 million (US$108.0 million), respectively, in our pre-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, and a 10% appreciation of Renminbi against the Hong Kong dollar based on the foreign exchange rate on December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 would result in a decrease of HK$371.1 million, HK$658.7 million and HK$840.5 million (US$108.0 million), respectively, in our pre-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. Credit risk Cash held on behalf of clients are segregated and deposited in financial institutions as required by rules mandated by our primary regulators. These financial institutions are of sound credit ratings; therefore management believes that there is no significant credit risk related to cash held on behalf of clients. Our securities activities are transacted on either a cash or margin basis. Our credit risk is limited in that substantially all of the contracts entered into are settled directly at securities clearing organizations. In margin transactions, we extend credit to the clients, subject to various regulatory and internal margin requirements, collateralized by cash and securities in the client’s account. We monitor our clients’ collateral level and have the right to dispose the newly allotted stocks once the stocks start trading. Stock-pledged loans to enterprise pledged by shares are exposed to credit risk from counterparties who fails to repay the loans. We monitor the collateral level of stock-pledged loans in real time, and have the right to dispose of the pledged shares once the collateral level falls under the minimal level required to get the loans repaid. Bank loans are exposed to credit risk from clients who fail to repay the loans. We oversee the management of credit risk through formulating credit policies and procedures, overseeing the credit quality of the loan portfolio, ensuring an independent and objective assessment of credit risk, controlling exposure to selected industries, counterparties, countries and portfolio types, etc.. Receivables from other brokers and dealers related to unsettled transactions are recorded at the amount for which the securities were purchased, and are paid upon receipt of the securities from other brokers or dealers. In connection with its clearing activities, we are obligated to settle transactions with brokers and other financial institutions even if its clients fail to meet their obligations to us. Clients are required to complete their transactions by the settlement date, generally two business days after the trade date. If clients do not fulfill their contractual obligations, we may incur losses. We have established procedures to reduce this risk by generally requiring that clients deposit sufficient cash and/or securities into their account prior to placing an order. 228 Table of Contents Our exposure to credit risk associated with its trading and other activities is measured on an individual counterparty basis, as well as by groups of counterparties that share similar attributes. There was no revenue from clients which individually represented greater than 10% of the total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Concentrations of credit risk can be affected by changes in political, industry, or economic factors. To reduce the potential for risk concentration, credit limits are established and exposure is monitored in light of changing counterparty and market conditions. The concentration of credit risk arises when loans are concentrated with a small number of borrowers or a limited number of listed shares pledged. We made loans to third-party enterprises secured by pledged listed shares and are exposed to credit risk in the case of default by debtors and market downturn or decline in the prices of the pledged securities. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, a single borrower accounted for 95.91% and 95.99% of our total outstanding balance of stock-pledged loans, with a majority of the collaterals comprising of listed shares in a single company, respectively. Interest rate risk Fluctuations in market interest rates may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to floating interest rate risk on cash deposit and floating rate borrowings. We use net interest simulation modeling techniques to evaluate the effect that changes in interest rates might have on pre-tax income. The model includes all interest-sensitive assets and liabilities. The simulations involve assumptions that are inherently uncertain and, as a result, cannot precisely predict the impact that changes in interest rates will have on pre-tax income. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to differences in timing and frequency of rate changes, changes in market conditions and changes in management strategy that lead to changes in the mix of interest-sensitive assets and liabilities. The simulations assume that the asset and liability structure of the consolidated balance sheets would not be changed as a result of a simulated change in interest rates. The results of the simulations based on our financial position as of December 31, 2025 indicate that a 1% (100 basis points) increase/decrease in interest rates over a 12-month period would have increased/decreased our profit before tax by approximately HK$844.1 million (US$108.5 million), depending largely on the extent and timing of possible changes in floating rates. Inflation To date, our results of operations have not been materially affected by inflation. Although we have not been materially affected by inflation in the past, we may be affected if any country or region where we have operations experiences higher rates of inflation in the future. ​ Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities A. Debt Securities Not applicable. B. Warrants and Rights Not applicable. C. Other Securities Not applicable. ​ 229 Table of Contents D. American Depositary Shares Fees and Charges ADS holders May Have to Pay JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the depositary of the ADS program, collects its fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing shares or surrendering ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal or from intermediaries acting for them. The principal executive office of the depositary is located at 270 Park Avenue, Floor 8, New York, New York 10017. An ADS holder will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary bank and certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs): Persons depositing or withdrawing Class A ordinary ​ ​ ​ shares or ADS holders must pay: ​ ​ ​ For: $5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs (or portion of 100 ADSs) ​ ● Issuance of ADSs, including issuances resulting from a distribution of Class A ordinary shares or rights or other property ​ ​ ​ ​ ● Cancellation of ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal, including if the deposit agreement terminates ​ ​ ​ $0.05 (or less) per ADS ​ ● Any cash distribution to ADS holders ​ ​ ​ A fee equivalent to the fee that would be payable if securities distributed to you had been Class A ordinary shares and the Class A ordinary shares had been deposited for issuance of ADSs ​ ● Distribution of securities distributed to holders of deposited securities (including rights) that are distributed by the depositary to ADS holders ​ ​ ​ $0.05 (or less) per ADS per calendar year ​ ● Depositary services ​ ​ ​ Registration or transfer fees ​ ● Transfer and registration of Class A ordinary shares on our share register to or from the name of the depositary or its agent when you deposit or withdraw Class A ordinary shares ​ ​ ​ Expenses of the depositary ​ ● Cable and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the deposit agreement) ​ ​ ​ ​ ● Converting foreign currency to U.S. dollars ​ ​ ​ Taxes and other governmental charges the depositary or the custodian has to pay on any ADSs or Class A ordinary shares underlying ADSs, such as stock transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes ​ ● As necessary ​ ​ ​ Any charges incurred by the depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities ​ ● As necessary ​ ​ The depositary collects its fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing Class A ordinary shares or surrendering ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal or from intermediaries acting for them. The depositary collects fees for making distributions to investors by deducting those fees from the amounts distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. The depositary may collect its annual fee for depositary services by deduction from cash distributions or by directly billing investors or by charging the book-entry system accounts of participants acting for them. The depositary may collect any of its fees by deduction from any cash distribution payable (or by selling a portion of securities or other property distributable) to ADS holders that are obligated to pay those fees. The depositary may generally refuse to provide fee-attracting services until its fees for those services are paid. 230 Table of Contents The depositary may convert currency itself or through any of its affiliates and, in those cases, acts as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker or fiduciary on behalf of any other person and earns revenue, including, without limitation, transaction spreads, that it will retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other things, the difference between the exchange rate assigned to the currency conversion made under the deposit agreement and the rate that the depositary or its affiliate receives when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account. The depositary makes no representation that the exchange rate used or obtained in any currency conversion under the deposit agreement will be the most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or that the method by which that rate will be determined will be the most favorable to ADS holders, subject to the depositary’s obligations under the deposit agreement. The methodology used to determine exchange rates used in currency conversions is available upon request. Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us From time to time, the depositary may make payments to us to reimburse us for costs and expenses generally arising out of establishment and maintenance of the ADS program, waive fees and expenses for services provided to us by the depositary or share revenue from the fees collected from ADS holders. In performing its duties under the deposit agreement, the depositary may use brokers, dealers, foreign currency dealers or other service providers that are owned by or affiliated with the depositary and that may earn or share fees, spreads or commissions. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we did not receive any reimbursement from the depositary for our expenses incurred in connection with the establishment and maintenance of the ADS program. Payment of Taxes ADS holders will be responsible for any taxes or other governmental charges payable on the ADSs or on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs. The depositary may refuse to register any transfer of ADSs or allow holders thereof to withdraw the deposited securities represented by the ADSs until those taxes or other charges are paid. It may apply payments owed to ADS holders or sell deposited securities represented by the ADSs to pay any taxes owed and the ADS holders will remain liable for any deficiency. If the depositary sells deposited securities, it will, if appropriate, reduce the number of ADSs to reflect the sale and pay to ADS holders any proceeds, or send to ADS holders any property, remaining after it has paid the taxes. ​ 231 Table of Contents PART II Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies None. ​ Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders None. Use of Proceeds None. ​ Item 15. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, which is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2025. Based upon that evaluation, our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rule and forms and that such information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Our management has excluded Gravitation Fintech HK Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiary Airstar Bank Limited (“Gravitation and its subsidiary”) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 because they were acquired in a business combination during the year ended December 31, 2025. The total assets and total revenues of Gravitation and its subsidiary represented less than 3% and 1%, respectively, of our related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 as stated in its report, which appears on page F-2 of this annual report on Form 20-F. 232 Table of Contents Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than as described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this annual report on Form 20-F that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ​ Item 16A. Audit Committee Financial Expert Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Brenda Pui Man Tam, an independent director (under the standards set forth in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act) and member of our audit committee, is an audit committee financial expert. ​ Item 16B. Code of Ethics Our board of directors adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees in December 2018. We have posted a copy of our code of business conduct and ethics on our website at ir.futuholdings.com. ​ Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, our principal external auditors, for the periods indicated. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ For the Year ended December 31, ​ ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ (US$in thousands) Audit fees (1) ​ 981 ​ 1,367 Tax fees (2) ​ 11 ​ 22 All other fees (3) ​ 39 ​ 274 Notes: (1) “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for the audit of our annual financial statements and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. In 2024 and 2025, the audit refers to financial audit. (2) “Tax fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. (3) “All other fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors associated with certain permissible services to review and comment on internal control design over financial reporting and other advisory services. The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, including audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services as described above. ​ Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees Not applicable. ​ 233 Table of Contents Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers On November 3, 2021, we announced a new share repurchase program approved by our board of directors, under which our company may repurchase up to US$300 million worth of ADSs, until December 31, 2022. As of January 2022, we had used up the maximum repurchase amount under the share repurchase program announced on November 3, 2021. On March 11, 2022, we announced a new share repurchase program approved by our board of directors, under which our company may repurchase up to US$500 million worth of ADSs, until December 31, 2023. The source of funding for our share repurchase programs is our cash on hand. As of December 31, 2023, we have repurchased US$364.8 million worth of ADSs in open market transactions in accordance with the authorization under this share repurchase program. The share repurchase program expired on December 31, 2023. On March 14, 2024, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program under which our company may repurchase up to US$500 million worth of ADSs, until December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, we did not repurchase any ADSs in open market transactions or otherwise in accordance with the authorization under this share repurchase program. The share repurchase program expired on December 31, 2025. In November 2025, our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program under which our company may repurchase up to US$800 million worth of ADSs, until December 31, 2027. We will fund the repurchases from our existing cash balance. Under the new share repurchase program, our company may repurchase ADSs from time to time in the open market at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, in block trades and/or through other legally permissible means, depending on market conditions and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. Our board of directors will review the share repurchase program periodically, and may modify, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time. As of the date of this annual report, we did not repurchase any ADSs in open market transactions or otherwise in accordance with the authorization under this share repurchase program. On March 26, 2026, we retired all outstanding treasury shares. ​ Item 16F. Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant Not applicable. ​ Item 16G. Corporate Governance As a Cayman Islands exempted company listed on Nasdaq Stock Market, we are subject to the Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. However, Nasdaq rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home country, may differ significantly from the Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. Currently, we rely on home country practice as our audit committee consists of two independent directors. We also rely on home country practice exemption with respect to the requirement for annual shareholders’ meeting and did not hold an annual shareholders’ meeting in 2024. As a result, our shareholders are afforded less protection than they would otherwise enjoy under the Nasdaq Stock Market corporate governance listing standards applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. See “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Risks Related to the ADSs—As a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, we are permitted to adopt certain home country practices in relation to corporate governance matters that differ significantly from the Nasdaq listing standards; these practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they would enjoy if we complied fully with the Nasdaq listing standards.” In addition, as a “controlled company” as defined under the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules, we are permitted to elect to rely, and are currently relying, on certain exemptions from corporate governance rules. Currently, the majority of our board of directors are not independent directors. In addition, the compensation of our executive officers is not determined or recommended solely by independent directors, and our director nominees are not selected or recommended solely by independent directors. As a result, you do not have the same protection afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to these corporate governance requirements. See “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Risks Related to the ADSs—We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and, as a result, can rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to shareholders of other United States domestic companies.” ​ 234 Table of Contents Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure Not applicable. ​ Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. ​ Item 16J. Insider Trading Policies We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers, employees and consultants to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations. These insider trading policies and procedures are filed as Exhibit 11.2 to this annual report on Form 20 - F. ​ Item 16K. Cybersecurity Risk management and strategy We have implemented and maintain various information security processes designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical computer networks, third party hosted services, communications systems, hardware and software, and our critical data, including intellectual property, confidential information that is proprietary, strategic or competitive in nature, such as clients’ personal information and trading data (“Information Systems and Data”). Our technology committee lead, Mr. Leaf Hua Li, together with our information security, security management engineering operations, legal and risk management departments (together, the “Cybersecurity Function Group”) help identify, assess and manage our cybersecurity threats and risks. The Cybersecurity Function Group identifies and assesses risks from cybersecurity threats by monitoring and evaluating our threat environment and our risk profile using various methods, including, for example, manual tools and automated tools, subscribing to reports and services that identify cybersecurity threats, analyzing reports of threats and factors, conducting scans of the threat environment, evaluating our and our industry’s risk profile, conducting threat assessments for internal and external threats, engaging third party threat assessments, and conducting vulnerability assessments to identify vulnerabilities. We also conduct internal and/or external audits at least once a year. If regulatory requirements become more stringent, we will adhere to the higher standards. Depending on the environment, we implement and maintain various technical, physical, and organizational measures, processes, standards and policies designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our Information Systems and Data, including, for example, adopting cybersecurity incident response policy, implementing incident detection and response measures, risk assessments processes, security standards, encryption of data, network security controls, data segregation, and access control. Our assessment and management of material risks from cybersecurity threats are integrated into our overall risk management processes . For example, (i) cybersecurity risk is addressed as a component of our enterprise risk management program and identified in our risk register; (ii) the Cybersecurity Function Group works with management to prioritize our risk management processes and mitigate cybersecurity threats that are more likely to lead to a material impact to our business; (iii) our senior management evaluates material risks from cybersecurity threats against our overall business objectives and reports to the audit committee of our board of directors, which evaluates our overall enterprise risk. We use third-party service providers to assist us from time to time to identify, assess, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, including, for example, cybersecurity consultants, cybersecurity software providers, penetration testing firms, and professional services firms including legal counsel. 235 Table of Contents We use third-party service providers to perform a variety of functions throughout our business, such as third-party application, hosting and supply chain service providers, including clearing systems, exchange systems, alternate trading systems, order-routing systems, internet service providers, communications facilities and other facilities. We have a vendor management program to manage cybersecurity risks associated with our use of these providers. The program includes risk assessment for each vendor, review of security assessment, report, audit, conducting security assessment calls with the vendor’s security personnel, and imposition of information contractual obligations on the vendor. Depending on the nature of the services provided, the sensitivity of the Information Systems and Data at issue, and the identity of the provider, our vendor management process may involve different levels of assessment designed to help identify cybersecurity risks associated with a provider and impose contractual obligations related to cybersecurity on the provider. For a description of the risks from cybersecurity threats that may materially affect us and how they may do so, see “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business and Industry—If we fail to protect our platform or the information of our users and clients, whether due to cyber-attacks, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-in, breaches by third parties or other reasons, we may be subject to liabilities imposed by relevant laws and regulations, and our reputation and business may be materially and adversely affected.” Governance Our board of directors addresses the Company’s cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function. The board of directors’ audit committee is responsible for overseeing Company’s cybersecurity risk management processes, including oversight and mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats. Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by the Cybersecurity Function Group . See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees—A. Directors and Senior Management” for details of Mr. Leaf Hua Li’s expertise and prior work experience in the cybersecurity field. The Cybersecurity Function Group is responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations into the Company’s overall risk management strategy, and communicating key priorities to relevant personnel. The Cybersecurity Function Group is responsible for approving budgets, helping prepare for cybersecurity incidents, approving cybersecurity processes, and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports. Our cybersecurity incident response policy is designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management depending on the circumstances, including our chief executive officer or chief financial officer (the “Responsible Disclosure Party”). The Responsible Disclosure Party work with the Company’s incident response team to help the Company mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents of which they are notified. In addition, the Company’s incident response policy includes reporting to the audit committee of the board of directors for certain cybersecurity incidents. The audit committee receives reports promptly from the Cybersecurity Function Group concerning the Company’s material cybersecurity threats and risk and the processes the Company has implemented to address them. The audit committee also has access to various reports, summaries or presentations related to cybersecurity threats, risk and mitigation . ​ 236 Table of Contents PART III Item 17. Financial Statements We have elected to provide financial statements pursuant to Item 18. ​ Item 18. Financial Statements The consolidated financial statements of Futu Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities are included at the end of this annual report. ​ Item 19. Exhibits ​ Exhibit Number ​ ​ ​ Description of Document 1.1 Form of Fourth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2018 (File No. 333-229094)) 2.1* Registrant’s Specimen American Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 2.3) 2.2 Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Class A Ordinary Shares (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2019 (File No. 333-229094)) 2.3* Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement among the Registrant, the Depositary, the Holders and Beneficial Owners of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder, dated March 12, 2026 2.4 Description of Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.5 of the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2020 (File No. 001-38820)) 4.1 2019 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019 (File No. 333- 233721)) 4.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2018 (File No. 333-229094)) 4.3 Form of Employment Agreement between the Registrant and its Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2018 (File No. 333-229094)) 4.4 English Translation of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement among Shensi Beijing, Shenzhen Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Shenzhen Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022 (File No. 001-38820)) ​ ​ ​ 4.5 English Translation of the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement among Shensi Beijing, Shenzhen Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Shenzhen Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022 (File No. 001-38820)) 4.6 English Translation of the Power of Attorney among Shensi Beijing, Shenzhen Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Shenzhen Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 237 Table of Contents 4.7 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022 (File No. 001-38820)) 4.7 English Translation of the Exclusive Option Agreement among Shensi Beijing, Shenzhen Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Shenzhen Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022 (File No. 001-38820)) 4.8 English Translation of the Consent Letters executed by the Spouses of the Registered Shareholders of Shenzhen Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022 (File No. 001-38820)) ​ ​ ​ 4.9 ​ English Translation of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement among Shensi Beijing, Haikou Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Haikou Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13 of the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2023 (File No. 001-38820)) ​ ​ ​ 4.10 ​ English Translation of the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement among Shensi Beijing, Haikou Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Haikou Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.14 of the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2023 (File No. 001-38820)) ​ ​ ​ 4.11 ​ English Translation of the Power of Attorney among Shensi Beijing, Haikou Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Haikou Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.15 of the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2023 (File No. 001-38820)) ​ ​ ​ 4.12 ​ English Translation of the Exclusive Option Agreement among Shensi Beijing, Haikou Futu and the Registered Shareholders of Haikou Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.16 of the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2023 (File No. 001-38820)) ​ ​ ​ 4.13 ​ English Translation of the Consent Letters executed by the Spouses of the Registered Shareholders of Haikou Futu, dated September 30, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.17 of the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2023 (File No. 001-38820)) ​ ​ ​ 8.1* List of Significant Subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities of the Registrant 11.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2018 (File No. 333-229094)) ​ ​ ​ 11.2* ​ Insider Trading Policies of the Registrant 12.1* Certification by Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 12.2* Certification by Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 13.1** Certification by Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 13.2** Certification by Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 15.1* Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 238 Table of Contents 15.2* Consent of Han Kun Law Offices 15.3* Consent of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP ​ ​ ​ 97.1 ​ Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 97.1 of the Annual Report on Form 20 - F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2024 (File No. 001 - 38820)) ​ ​ ​ 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) * Filed with this Annual Report on Form 20-F. ** Furnished with this Annual Report on Form 20-F. ​ ​ 239 Table of Contents SIGNATURES The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing its annual report on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf. Futu Holdings Limited By: /s/ Leaf Hua Li Name: Leaf Hua Li Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Date: April 15, 2026 ​ ​ ​ ​ 240 Table of Contents FUTU HOLDINGS LIMITED INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contents ​ ​ ​ Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 1424 ) F- 2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 F- 5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 F- 7 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 F- 8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 F- 10 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 12 ​ ​ ​ F- 1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Futu Holdings Limited Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Futu Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 15. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. F- 2 Table of Contents As described in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Gravitation Fintech HK Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiary Airstar Bank Limited (“Gravitation and its subsidiary”) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 because they were acquired by the Company in a business combination during the year ended December 31, 2025. We have also excluded Gravitation and its subsidiary from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Gravitation and its subsidiary are subsidiaries of the Company whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent less than 3% and 1%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Credit Losses - Stock-pledged Loans As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for credit losses for the stock-pledged loans was nil on total stock-pledged loans of HK$1,907,756 thousand as of December 31, 2025. The Company’s allowance for credit losses for the stock-pledged loans, which are loans to enterprises with listed shares as collateral, represents management’s estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Company’s stock-pledged loans and considers expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions. For the stock-pledged loans, the allowance for credit losses is estimated using quantitative models that consider a variety of factors such as the quality of the collateral, as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loans. In its loss forecasting model, management considers the stock price and price volatility of the collateral to determine the probability of default (“PD”) and loss given default (“LGD”) of the stock-pledged loans. Management also considers the expected duration to foreclose the collateral to determine the LGD. The estimation of the PD and LGD further incorporates forward looking information through the use of macroeconomic scenario applied over the forecasted life of the assets. Management used a number of forecasted economic variables in the macroeconomic scenario, which are inputs into the loss forecasting model. F- 3 Table of Contents The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for credit losses for stock-pledged loans is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in determining the PD and LGD by considering the stock price and price volatility of the collateral, the expected duration to foreclose the collateral and in developing the macroeconomic scenario that consider forecasted economic variables, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management’s significant judgments and estimations; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the allowance for credit losses for stock-pledged loans, including controls over the determination of the PD and LGD, and the development and approval of macroeconomic scenario. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management’s process for determining the allowance for credit losses for stock-pledged loans; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the model; and (iii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating (a) the appropriateness of the model and methodology used by management; (b) the reasonableness of the PD and LGD estimated by management, including the assessment over the quality of the collateral; and (c) the reasonableness of the forecasted economic variables used by management to derive the macroeconomic scenario, that would further adjust the estimation of the PD and LGD. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China April 15, 2026 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018. F- 4 Table of Contents FUTU HOLDINGS LIMITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except for share and per share data) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ As of December 31, ​ ​ ​ ​ Note ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ HK$ ​ HK$ ​ US$ ASSETS ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash and cash equivalents ​ 11,688,383 10,465,888 1,344,659 Cash held on behalf of clients ​ 68,639,816 113,398,356 14,569,444 Restricted cash ​ ​ ​ 1,121 ​ 2,510 ​ 322 Term deposit ​ ​ ​ 4,990 ​ — ​ — Short-term investments 4 2,411,074 6,688,871 859,388 Securities purchased under agreements to resell ​ ​ ​ 316,301 ​ 507,767 ​ 65,238 Loans and advances - current (net of allowance of HK $ 85,252 thousand and HK $ 374,604 thousand as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively) 6 49,695,691 64,607,370 8,300,768 Receivables: ​ ​ ​ ​ Clients ​ 534,077 838,521 107,733 Brokers ​ 17,224,387 18,459,373 2,371,664 Clearing organizations ​ 3,277,063 5,522,472 709,529 Fund management companies and fund distributors ​ ​ ​ 1,210,472 ​ 1,997,086 ​ 256,586 Interest ​ 597,483 852,186 109,489 Amounts due from related parties ​ 27(c) ​ 61,200 ​ 6,780 ​ 871 Prepaid assets ​ 63,497 77,960 10,016 Other current assets 8 160,330 225,478 28,969 Total current assets ​ 155,885,885 223,650,618 28,734,676 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Operating lease right-of-use assets ​ 5 ​ 253,212 ​ 569,939 ​ 73,226 Long-term investments ​ 7 ​ 573,190 ​ 615,220 ​ 79,044 Loans and advances - non-current ​ 6 ​ 18,805 ​ 139,668 ​ 17,945 Other non-current assets ​ 8 ​ 2,025,841 ​ 3,461,431 ​ 444,726 Total non-current assets ​ ​ ​ 2,871,048 ​ 4,786,258 ​ 614,941 Total assets ​ ​ ​ 158,756,933 ​ 228,436,876 ​ 29,349,617 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ LIABILITIES ​ ​ ​ ​ Amounts due to related parties 27(d) 79,090 67,143 8,627 Payables: ​ ​ ​ ​ Clients ​ 72,379,135 125,249,957 16,092,141 Brokers ​ 43,697,746 38,678,396 4,969,408 Clearing organizations ​ 503,396 750,964 96,484 Fund management companies and fund distributors ​ ​ ​ 507,076 ​ 1,277,467 ​ 164,129 Interest ​ 86,964 62,527 8,033 Borrowings ​ 9 ​ 5,702,259 ​ 12,143,237 ​ 1,560,166 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ​ ​ ​ 2,574,659 ​ 4,743,096 ​ 609,394 Lease liabilities - current ​ 5 ​ 144,357 ​ 200,089 ​ 25,707 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 10 4,936,805 4,527,129 581,646 Total current liabilities ​ 130,611,487 187,700,005 24,115,735 ​ ​ F- 5 Table of Contents FUTU HOLDINGS LIMITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) (In thousands, except for share and per share data) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ As of December 31, ​ ​ Note ​ 2024 ​ 2025 ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ HK$ ​ ​ ​ HK$ ​ ​ ​ US$ Lease liabilities - non-current ​ 5 ​ 132,924 ​ 393,843 ​ 50,603 Other non-current liabilities ​ 10 ​ 8,061 ​ 21,906 ​ 2,816 Total non-current liabilities ​ ​ ​ 140,985 ​ 415,749 ​ 53,419 Total liabilities ​ ​ ​ 130,752,472 ​ 188,115,754 ​ 24,169,154 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Commitments and Contingencies (Note 26) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ​ ​ ​ ​ Class A ordinary shares (US $ 0.00001 par value; 48,700,000,000 and 48,700,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively; 902,066,986 and 910,287,362 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively) 11 72 73 9 Class B ordinary shares (US $ 0.00001 par value; 800,000,000 and 800,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively; 355,552,051 and 355,552,051 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively) 11 27 27 3 Additional paid-in capital ​ 18,807,369 19,158,175 2,461,446 Treasury stock ( 144,498,392 and 144,498,392 shares as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively) 11 ( 5,199,257 ) ( 5,199,257 ) ( 668,002 ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income ​ ​ ​ ( 249,916 ) ​ 51,503 ​ 6,617 Retained earnings ​ 14,652,946 25,990,667 3,339,285 Total shareholders’ equity ​ 28,011,241 40,001,188 5,139,358 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Non-controlling interests ​ ​ ​ ( 6,780 ) ​ 319,934 ​ 41,105 Total equity ​ 28,004,461 40,321,122 5,180,463 Total liabilities and equity ​ 158,756,933 228,436,876 29,349,617 ​ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. ​ F- 6 Table of Contents FUTU HOLDINGS LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands, except for share and per share data) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended December 31, ​ ​ Note ​ 2023 ​ 2024 ​ 2025 ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ HK$ ​ ​ ​ HK$ ​ ​ ​ HK$ ​ ​ ​ US$ Revenues ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Brokerage commission and handling charge income 16 3,944,779 6,044,746 10,572,744 1,358,388 Interest income 17 5,536,422 6,666,864 10,441,585 1,341,537 Other income 18 527,217 878,515 1,832,569 235,449 Total revenues ​ 10,008,418 13,590,125 22,846,898 2,935,374 Costs