 You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision in our common stock. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, reputation, operating results and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, reputation and growth prospects. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and growth prospects. • If we are unable to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers, our business and operating results would be harmed. • If we do not successfully develop and market products that anticipate or respond timely to the needs of our customers, our business and operating results may suffer. • Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability. • Evolving technologies, including AI-based technologies, and changes in customer behavior and practices with respect to the internet may impact the demand for and value of our products and services. • We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share. • Our pricing decisions may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. • The future growth of our business depends in part on our international revenue. Our continued international presence could subject us to additional risks. • We have taken significant actions to support profitable growth. These actions may not succeed. If we do not effectively manage future growth, our operating results will be adversely affected. • Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including investments or entries into new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures or other transactions, could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. • We are exposed to the risk of system failures and capacity constraints. • We rely on information technology systems, including third-party cloud computing systems, and data centers to deliver many of our products and services. These information technology systems and data centers may experience outages, disruptions or degradations, and we may otherwise lose access to the services third-party service providers provide to us, any of which could impact our services, products and technology infrastructure. • An actual or perceived cybersecurity incident could impair our ability to conduct business, provide our products or services, protect data, and comply with contractual or legal obligations, and may cause us to incur substantial costs, or subject us to significant liability. • We rely on our marketing efforts and channels to maintain awareness of our brand and acquire new customers. These efforts may require significant expense and may not be successful or cost-effective. • Our ability to increase sales of our products is highly dependent on the quality of our customer care. Our failure to provide high-quality customer care would have an adverse effect on our business, brand and operating results. 23 Table of Contents • Our failure to properly register or maintain our customers' domain names or comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to domain name registration and maintenance could subject us to additional liability, regulatory action, expenses, claims of loss or negative publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Our quarterly and annual operating results may be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below investor or analyst expectations. • Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business and our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, as well as divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments and prevent us from meeting our debt obligations. • Laws, regulations, policies or claims concerning the domain name registration system and the internet in general, and industry reactions to those policies or claims, may cause instability in the industry and disrupt our business. • We are subject to local and international laws, rules, regulations and orders relating to the operation and security of our computer network and the processing of data, including personal data. • Our business depends on our customers' continued and unimpeded access to the internet and the development and maintenance of internet infrastructure. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to certain of our products, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of customers. • Our business could be affected by new laws, rules, regulations or court orders regarding the internet. • We may face liability or become involved in disputes over registration and transfer of domain names and control over websites. • Our payments-related operations, including GoDaddy Payments, are subject to various laws, regulations, and restrictions. Our failure to comply with such rules, regulations, and restrictions regarding our payments-related operations or properly manage the risks inherent to such operations could materially harm our business. • Our share price may be volatile, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Strategic Risks If we are unable to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers, our business and operating results would be harmed. Our success largely depends on our ability to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers. We cannot be assured that we will achieve increasing growth rates in future periods as our ability to increase sales to new and existing customers and ultimately our total revenue could fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, such as lower demand or satisfaction with our solutions, the timeliness and success of new products or product enhancements, pricing of our solutions compared to our competitors, competitive conditions, customer spending levels, changes in the type and size of our customer base, the reliability and availability of our customer support, general economic and global market conditions, or other factors that are not known to us at this time. We have experienced growth in recent years, due in large part to sustained subscription growth and strong levels of subscription renewals, including customers who expand their use of our integrated platform over time. Our costs associated with renewals are lower than costs associated with acquiring new customers and selling additional products to existing customers. Therefore, our inability to attract new customers, or a reduction in renewals, even if offset by an increase in other revenue could reduce our operating margins in the near term and could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth prospects and operating results. Moreover, we focus our operations on entrepreneurs, customers with new ventures and those with established small and medium-sized businesses. We aim to grow our revenues by adding new customers, selling additional business solutions to these customers and encouraging them to continue to use and purchase our products and services. However, these customers often have limited budgets and may choose not to allocate resources to our solutions, especially in times of economic uncertainty or recessions. In addition, varying economic conditions could result in decreases or increases in business formations or failures of businesses we serve. If this market fails to be as lucrative as we project or we are unable to market and sell our services to these 24 Table of Contents businesses effectively, or we are unable to increase sales of our products to all customer segments we target, or may target in the future, our ability to grow our revenues and maintain profitability may be harmed. If we do not successfully develop and market products that anticipate or respond timely to the needs of our customers, our business and operating results may suffer. The markets in which we compete are characterized by constant change, innovation, frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards. We expect these markets to continue to rapidly evolve, including as a result of developments in AI. Our historical success has been, in part, based on our ability to identify and anticipate customer needs and design products and services that provide our customers with the tools they need to grow their businesses. For example, following the launch of Airo in 2023, we have continued to enhance our AI-powered experience, most recently transforming the platform into an agentic solution built to handle our customers fundamental jobs to be done, such as domain searches and naming, logo creation and building websites and applications. We also continue to expand our commerce offerings, for example, we recently launched GoDaddy Capital, a merchant cash advance program, and Same-Day Payouts, an option for customers to elect to receive their payouts on the same day as the payment is processed. We must continue to identify our customers' needs and develop new and enhanced solutions, tools and technology to maintain our competitive position, including solutions and tools powered by AI. The process of developing new solutions and enhancements is complex, uncertain and can be costly. Our new products, product enhancements or technology advancements could fail to attain meaningful customer acceptance for many reasons, some of which may be unknown to us, but may include: • failure to accurately predict market demand or customer preferences; • failure to bring products to market on a timely or cost effective basis; • defects, errors or failures in product design or performance; • negative publicity about product performance or effectiveness, including negative comments on social media; • the perceived value of our products or product enhancements relative to their cost; • scalability of products or product enhancements; • general satisfaction of our customers; • changing regulatory requirements adversely affecting the products we offer; and • poor business conditions for our customers or poor general macroeconomic conditions. If our new products, product enhancements or technological advancements do not achieve adequate acceptance by our customers or do not result in increased sales or subsequent renewals, our competitive position will be impaired, our anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved and the negative impact on our operating results may be particularly acute because of the upfront technology and development, marketing and advertising and other expenses we may incur in connection with new products or enhancements. Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability. We are increasingly using new and rapidly evolving technologies, such as AI, including agentic AI, to, among other things, develop new tools and solutions, add new features in our existing solutions and enhance our own business operations. There are significant risks involved in the development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI, such as potential increases in intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, confidentiality, operational and technological risks, as well as risks associated with harmful content, accuracy, bias and discrimination, any of which could affect our further development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI. We also are developing and deploying agentic AI systems that operate with greater autonomy, which presents additional risks, including unintended or unauthorized actions and increased difficulty in predicting, supervising and controlling agentic behavior. Our use of AI technologies in new and existing solutions and within our business operations may result in new or increasing governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical concerns, increases in research and development or other costs or other complications that are not yet known to us, each of which could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results. 25 Table of Contents Legal and regulatory frameworks related to the use of AI are rapidly evolving, as regulation of the use of AI continues to be considered and adopted by various U.S. and international governmental and regulatory entities. Any failure by us to comply with any AI-related laws, rules and regulations could result in fines and negative publicity, which could result in reputational harm and damage to our business. In addition, the future impact of these or other new laws, rules or regulations on us is uncertain. We may not be able to adequately anticipate or respond to new laws, rules and regulations, and we may need to expend additional resources to adjust our offerings or update our business practices in certain jurisdictions if applicable legal frameworks are inconsistent across jurisdictions. The costs of complying with such laws, rules or regulations could be significant and could increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, many existing laws, rules and regulations apply to certain aspects of AI, such as automated decision making, affecting fundamental data subject rights. Similarly, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including as related to copyright, surrounding AI technologies has not been fully addressed by international and U.S. courts or the laws, rules or regulations of the U.S., including U.S. states, and foreign jurisdictions. Any content created by us using generative AI tools may not benefit from intellectual property protection which may affect our ability to commercialize such content. The use or adoption of AI technologies in our solutions may subject us to copyright infringement or other intellectual property claims. If we, or third-party developers whose AI we rely on, do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material used or processed by such AI technology, we also may incur liability through the actual or alleged violation of applicable laws, rules and regulations, third-party intellectual property, privacy, or other rights or contractual obligations. We may not always be able to anticipate how to comply with these legal and regulatory frameworks and we may have to expend resources to adjust our tools, solutions or business operations to meet the standards set by such frameworks, which vary by jurisdiction. Any inability to appropriately comply with the existing laws, rules and regulations that implicate aspects of AI could result in legal liability, regulatory action or brand and reputational harm. Our use of AI could also pose other concerns. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy or if these new offerings do not work as we intend, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Further, AI may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, incomplete, insufficient, biased or otherwise flawed or contains copyrighted or other protected material, which may not be easily detectable despite internal policies and diligence efforts. To the extent we or our customers rely on such results, we could incur operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, brand or reputational harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and results of operations. Additionally, our employees, contractors, vendors and service providers' use of AI-powered software offered by third-parties may lead to the inadvertent disclosure of our personal, sensitive, proprietary or confidential information into publicly available third-party training sets, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of, or adequately maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property or our personal, sensitive, proprietary or confidential information, harming our competitive position and business. The rapid evolution of the use of AI requires and will continue to require resources to develop, test and maintain our products and services and implement AI governance and controls to help ensure that AI is implemented appropriately to minimize unintended and harmful impacts. It is not possible to predict all risks related to the use of AI, and changes in laws, rules, directives and regulations governing AI may adversely affect our development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI or subject us to legal liability, regulatory action or brand and reputational harm. For further information concerning the risks posed by our competitors' use of AI, please refer to the Risk Factor "We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share." Evolving technologies, including AI-based technologies, and changes in customer behavior and practices with respect to the internet may impact the demand for and value of our products and services. Technologies related to our customers' Identity and Presence, including domain names, websites, website building, social media, search engines, apps, mobile devices and AI-powered tools and services have rapidly evolved and continue to evolve. This evolution and continued evolution could negatively impact the demand for certain of our products and services, including domain names, aftermarket, websites and website building tools or email and productivity solutions. For example, the domain name registration market continues to evolve and adapt to changing technologies, which has, and may in the future include, changes in the administration or operation of the internet, including the creation and institution of alternate systems for directing internet traffic without using the existing domain name registration system, or fundamental changes in the domain name resolution protocol used by web browsers and other internet applications. Additionally, technological changes to web browsers or internet search could reduce demand for domain names. If internet users' preferences or practices shift away from recognizing and relying on web addresses or they were to significantly decrease their use of web browsers in favor of apps or AI-based tools to locate and access content, demand for domain names in the gTLDs we operate could be negatively affected. 26 Table of Contents Our customers and their businesses rely heavily on tools and solutions that help them manage and grow their Presence, including dedicated websites, online stores and social media channels, such as Meta, TikTok, Snapchat, X and WeChat. As reliance on social media channels, applications and AI-powered tools increases, domain names, websites and online stores and marketplaces may become less prominent, and their value may decline. In addition, we are dependent on the interoperability of our products with these channels, applications and mobile devices. If we are unable to effectively integrate our solutions with and within these channels and applications or on these devices, we may lose market share. In addition, advances in AI, including tools that enable customers to create, modify, and deploy websites, applications or digital experiences using AI-powered platforms, including those that utilize natural language or other high-level inputs rather than traditional development workflows, may alter customer expectations and behavior with respect to website creation, hosting and management. If customers increasingly rely on third-party AI platforms, closed ecosystems or other competing services, including those that offer automated or natural-language-driven website creation and hosting capabilities, demand for our website building tools, hosting products, domain names or related services could decline or pricing pressure could increase, which could materially and adversely affect our business. The widespread acceptance of any alternative system, such as mobile applications, AI-powered products and tools or closed networks, could eliminate the need to register a domain name or to establish an online presence and could materially and adversely affect our business. These and other evolving technologies, including AI, and changes in customer behavior may have an adverse effect on our business and growth prospects. For further information concerning the risks posed by our competitors' use of AI, please refer to the Risk Factor "We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share." For further information concerning the legal and other risks arising from the development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI and AI-powered tools and solutions, refer to our risk factor "Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability." We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share. The market for our products and services is highly competitive, and we expect this competition to continue in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new solutions or enhance existing solutions. In addition, given our broad product portfolio, we compete with niche point-solution products as well as broader solution providers. These types of products and solutions continue to evolve, creating opportunities for new competitors to enter the market with point-solution products or address specific segments of the market. Our competitors include providers of domain registration services, web-hosting solutions, website creation and management solutions, e-commerce enablement providers, payment facilitation providers, cloud computing service and online security providers, alternative web presence and marketing solutions providers and providers of productivity tools such as business-class email. In addition, we and our competitors continue to invest in AI and integrate AI capabilities into products, services and internal operations. AI technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving and may at times require significant investment, including with respect to development and operational costs, to meet the changing needs and expectations of our existing and potential customers and our own operations. Other companies may develop AI products and technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective to deploy. If we fail to successfully and meaningfully develop, adopt, use, differentiate and maintain AI capabilities into our solutions and internal operations, effectively manage the related risks or if we are unable to translate AI adoption into tangible outcomes, such as improved productivity, enhanced customer experience or accelerated innovation, we may lag our competitors that are more effective at leveraging AI technologies and/or our growth and competitiveness could suffer. For further information regarding the potential impact of evolving technologies on customer behaviors and practices with respect to the internet, please refer to the risk factor "Evolving technologies, including AI-related technologies, and the administration of and changes in customer behavior and practices with respect to the internet may impact the value of and demand for our products and services." For further information concerning the legal and other risks arising from the development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI, refer to our risk factor "Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability." Some of our current and potential competitors could have greater resources, more brand recognition and awareness, more diversified product offerings, greater international scope and larger customer bases than we do, and we may therefore not be able to effectively compete with them. In addition, some of our competitors may seek to disrupt the market by offering their services 27 Table of Contents and products at low or no cost. If our competitors decide to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of products in the markets in which we compete, or if the products offered by these companies are more attractive to or better meet the evolving needs of our customers, our market share, growth prospects and operating results may be adversely affected. Increased competition in our industry could result in lower sales, price reductions, reduced margins, loss of market share and increased marketing expenses. Further, conditions in our market could rapidly and significantly change as a result of technological advancements, partnering by our competitors, market consolidation, the invention of similar or superior products and technologies or solution enhancements, which compete with our products and technologies. Our ability to continue to compete will depend upon our ability to provide better solutions than our competitors at more competitive prices. For additional information regarding our competitors, see the section titled "Competition," contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. Our pricing decisions may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. From time to time, we have changed our overall pricing model or the various price points of our solutions, and we expect to do so in the future. However, no assurance can be given that any new pricing model or price points will be optimal and changes in our price points or pricing model could result in a loss of customers or bookings. In addition, our competitors have in the past implemented, and may in the future implement, various pricing and bundling strategies, including discounts and reductions in price, which may be similar to or more attractive than our own. Individuals as well as small and medium sized businesses have been and could be sensitive to price increases or swayed by different price points offered by competitors. If changes in our pricing model or price points are unsuccessful, or the strategies of our competitors are more successful than our own, we may be unable to attract new customers or retain our existing customers and we may be required to reduce prices or make other changes to our pricing model to remain competitive. Any of these developments could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The future growth of our business depends in part on increasing our international revenue. Our continued international presence could subject us to additional risks. International revenue represented approximately 33%, 32% and 32% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We continue to review and add systems as necessary to accept payments in forms common outside of the U.S., optimize our marketing efforts in numerous non-U.S. geographies, equip our customer care team with the knowledge to serve these markets and maintain and review the need to establish, as needed, customer care operations in overseas locations. In addition, we continue to expand our employee base in a number of international locations, including in India, Bulgaria and Serbia. Our international business and operations subject us to a variety of risks, including related to political, economic, social and other risks, some of which we may not generally encounter in the U.S. Such risks may include, but are not limited to: • management, communication and integration problems resulting from language barriers, cultural differences and geographic dispersion of our customers and personnel; • language translation of, and associated customer care guidance for, our products; • compliance with international laws, rules and regulations, including laws, rules and regulations regarding consumer protection, the internet and e-commerce or mobile commerce, intellectual property, online disclaimers and advertising, liability of internet service providers for activities of customers especially with respect to hosted content, competition, anti-bribery, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity; • accreditation and other regulatory requirements to do business and to provide domain name registration and registry services, web-hosting and other products in foreign jurisdictions; • greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, including our universal terms of service and other agreements due to differences in local legal regimes and court systems; • increased expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining office space and equipment, if needed, in our international locations; • greater costs and expenses associated with international marketing and operations; 28 Table of Contents • greater risk of unexpected changes in regulatory practices, tariffs, trade disputes and tax laws and treaties; • increased exposure to foreign currency risks; • heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies, and compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; • compliance with market access regulations, tariffs and import, export and general trade regulations, including economic sanctions and embargoes; • the potential for political, social or economic unrest, terrorism, hostilities or war; • differing labor laws and regulations, including those related to working time, benefit provisions and labor rights; • greater risk of investigation, audit and sanctions by labor authorities in connection with our labor practices; • greater risk of sudden changes in labor law and practice in connection with changes in government or governmental policy; and • multiple and possibly overlapping tax regimes. Maintaining business and operations in international markets has required and will continue to require management attention and financial resources. These additional costs may increase our costs of acquiring international customers, which may impair our ability to maintain profitability in the future. We may also face pressure to lower our prices in order to compete in emerging markets, which could adversely affect revenue derived from our international business. In addition, geopolitical changes, such as trade disruptions, including the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. on imports from certain countries and any resulting counter-tariffs, political unrest, warfare and military or armed conflict, including those involving China, Ukraine/Russia and the Middle East and the resulting macro-economic impacts from such geopolitical changes, could impair our growth prospects and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Although our business has not been materially negatively impacted to date by the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and those in the Middle East, our business and operations could be materially negatively impacted by these or other conflicts or geopolitical changes in the future, and it is impossible to predict the extent of any such impacts, including over the long term. We have taken significant actions to support profitable growth. These actions may not succeed. If we do not effectively manage future growth, our operating results will be adversely affected. We continue to work to increase the breadth and scope of our business, operations and our product offerings. To support future growth, we must continue to improve our information technology and financial infrastructure, operating and administrative systems and our ability to effectively manage headcount, capital and processes. For example, we have made, and may make in the future, significant investments in product development, corporate infrastructure, technology and development, software systems and data center resources, marketing and our GoDaddy Guides. Additionally, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, expenses relating to our investments in our international business and operations, such as (i) our offerings and marketing presence in Europe, Australia, Canada and India, and (ii) our marketing spend to attract new customers, such as WebPros and Independents in non-U.S. markets. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these actions earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these actions may be lower or may develop more slowly than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these actions, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. As we continue to manage our business and operations, our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure may be strained. The scalability and flexibility of our infrastructure depends on the functionality and bandwidth of our data centers, peering sites and servers. Any loss of data or disruption in our ability to provide our product offerings due to disruptions in our infrastructure, services or third parties we rely on could result in harm to our brand or reputation. Moreover, as we continue to expand our solutions, work to grow our customer base and use our integrated platform for more complicated tasks, we may need to devote additional resources to improve our infrastructure and enhance its scalability and security. If we do not manage the growth of our business and operations effectively, the quality of our platform and efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could harm our operating and business results. 29 Table of Contents Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including investments or entries into new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures or other transactions, could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. As part of our business strategy, we routinely evaluate opportunities that we believe could complement or supplement our business and address the needs of our customers, including possible acquisitions or investments in companies, talent, products, intangible assets or technologies, and for potential joint ventures, new lines of business, or other strategic investments. Such transactions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and could involve a number of risks, such as: • diversion of management's attention, available cash and other resources from our existing business; • incurrence of substantial debt or requirements to issue equity securities; • difficulty integrating and managing the acquired products, talent, technology and security infrastructures, new brands and acquired customers; • exposure to litigation or other claims, including related to intellectual property, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, AI, regulatory compliance practices or employment; • unforeseen costs or liabilities; • adverse tax consequences; • retention and integration of employees from an acquired company, including potential risks and challenges to our company's culture, and ability to maintain and integrate systems and operations if such employees are geographically dispersed or choose not to work with us once acquired; • compliance with new or increased regulatory requirements; • adverse effects to our existing business relationships, lack of customer acceptance, or inability to attract new customers; and • inability to compete effectively in a new line of business due to lack of experience or knowledge, or other external factors, such as competitive alternatives, potential conflicts of interest, or shifting market preferences. In addition, we may have to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions, each of which could adversely affect our financial condition or the value of our Class A common stock. Equity issuances in connection with potential future acquisitions may also result in dilution to our stockholders. If we fail to properly evaluate, execute or integrate acquisitions or investments, or are unable to effectively compete in a new line of business, the anticipated benefits may not be realized, we may be exposed to unknown or unanticipated liabilities and our business and growth prospects could be harmed. In addition, any future acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions we complete could be viewed negatively by our customers, investors or industry analysts. Any inability to integrate completed acquisitions in an efficient and timely manner could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Our company's culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity, passion and teamwork that we believe contribute to our success and our business may be harmed. We believe a contributor to our success has been our company's culture, which we rely on to foster innovation, experimentation, creativity, a customer-centric focus, passion, teamwork, collaboration and loyalty. We have invested substantial time and resources to build and maintain this culture. Any failure to preserve these aspects could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to ensure employees effectively focus on and pursue our company objectives. Our company's culture is also central to our devoted GoDaddy Guides, who are a key component of the value we offer our customers. As we continue to evolve our business, maintain our global footprint, manage and grow our product portfolio and rely on remote and foreign workers, we may need to expend additional efforts and focus to maintain these important aspects of our culture, which could limit our ability to innovate and operate effectively. If we are not successful in these efforts, our growth and operations could be adversely affected. 30 Table of Contents Currently none of our employees in the U.S. are subject to collective bargaining agreements, however, if areas of our workforce were to organize, we may find it difficult to maintain our culture, cost structure and control over the delivery of our products, which could adversely impact our results of operations. Certain of our employees in Germany are represented by employee works councils and elsewhere some international employees are represented by worker representatives or trade unions in accordance with local regulations. Operational Risks We are exposed to the risk of system failures and capacity constraints. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, system failures and outages disrupting the operation of our websites or our products such as web-hosting and email, or the availability of our customer care operations. Our revenue depends on the volume of traffic to our websites, the number of customers whose websites we host on our servers and the availability of our customer care operations. Accordingly, the performance, reliability and availability of our websites and servers for our corporate operations and infrastructure, as well as in the delivery of products to customers, are critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain customers. Any such system failure or outage could generate negative publicity, which could negatively impact our reputation and financial results. As we continue to transition many of our services to Amazon Web Services (AWS) to host our products, we have become, and may further become, more dependent on third parties to accommodate the traffic to our websites and those of our customers. We continually work to expand and enhance our website features, invest in the underlying technology and infrastructure to accommodate current levels of and potential increases in (i) the volume of traffic on our godaddy.com and affiliated websites, (ii) the number of customer websites we host and (iii) our total customers. We may be unable to project accurately the rate or timing of these increases or to successfully allocate resources to address such increases, which could have a negative impact on customer experience and our financial results. In the future, we may be required to allocate additional resources, including spending substantial amounts to build, purchase or lease data centers and equipment and upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased customer traffic, as well as increased traffic to customer websites we host. We also expect to increasingly rely on third-party cloud computing and hosting providers, such as AWS, as we transition to the public cloud. We cannot predict whether we will be able to continue to add network capacity from third-party suppliers as we require it. In addition, our network or our suppliers' networks might be unable to achieve or maintain data transmission capacity high enough to process orders or download data effectively or in a timely manner. Our failure, or our suppliers' failure, to achieve or maintain high data transmission capacity could significantly reduce demand for our products. The property and business interruption insurance coverage we carry may be subject to fact-dependent and incident-specific exclusions or may not be adequate to compensate us fully for losses that may occur. We rely on information technology systems, including third-party cloud computing systems, and data centers to deliver many of our products and services. These information technology systems and data centers may experience outages, disruptions or degradations, and we may otherwise lose access to the services third-party service providers provide to us, any of which could impact our services, products and technological infrastructure. We rely on data centers and third-party service providers, including providers of cloud computing services, to deliver our solutions and perform certain technology, processing, servicing and support functions on our behalf. We own one data center in Arizona and lease our remaining data center capacity. The reliable performance of our products and services depends on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology systems, including our data centers, and those of our external data center colocation providers, including third-party "cloud" computing services. The reliability, delivery and stability of our products and services could be adversely impacted by security incidents, outages, disruptions, failures, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, human error, or degradations of our network and related infrastructure, including in the online platforms or services of key business partners that offer, support or host our products and services, or by other events outside or within our control, such as the migration of data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments, the performance of upgrades and maintenance on our systems, and effectively scaling our technological infrastructure, which we have undertaken in the past. If we or our external business partners were to experience an event that caused a system outage, disruption or degradation, or if a transition among data centers or service providers or an upgrade or maintenance session encountered unexpected interruptions, unforeseen complexity or unplanned disruptions, our products and services may not be available to customers or may not be delivered reliably and stably. In addition, if our agreements for our data centers and with our service providers are terminated, if we are unable to renew such agreements on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if the service providers close the facilities or cease providing the services on which we rely, we may be required to transfer to a new service 31 Table of Contents provider, and our agreements may not provide us with adequate time to transfer operations to a new facility in the event of a termination. As a result, our reputation and brand may be harmed, engagement with our products and services may be reduced, and our revenue and profitability could be negatively impacted. We do not have redundancy for all our systems, many of our critical applications reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. In addition, we may have limited remedies against these third parties in the event of service disruptions. If third parties are unable to perform these functions on our behalf because of service interruptions or extended outages, or because those services are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, our expenses could increase and our customers' use of our products could be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which could adversely affect our business. Enhancements or migration of information and data to new technology platforms, systems or applications may disrupt our operations or could expose us to a cyber attack or other cybersecurity incident which could delay or interrupt service to our customers, harm our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs or subject us to significant liability. We maintain information and data (including personal data) on various platforms, systems and applications. From time to time, we review and make enhancements to our existing platforms or migrate information and data to new platforms, systems and applications. While we are engaged in this work, we may experience difficulties in managing our existing platforms, systems and applications, which could disrupt our operations, the provision of our products and services to our customers, the management of our finances and the reporting of our financial results. If we determine new platforms, systems or applications or updates to existing platforms, systems or applications are necessary, we may need to rely on legacy platforms, systems or applications while we plan for implementation of such new or updated platforms, systems or applications and such legacy platforms, systems or applications may not be able to scale efficiently as our business grows, which may delay future product or service launches or enhancements. In addition, any new platforms, systems or applications may operate differently than anticipated when introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released, or there may be unforeseen consequences as a result of these migrations that may cause disruptions to the availability of our products and services due to service outages, downtime or other similar issues that could harm our business. Further, our transition could involve significant time and expense. Our failure to improve our platforms, systems or applications, complete such implementations, enhancements or migrations on a timely basis, or a failure of such platforms, systems or applications to operate in the intended manner, may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business, successfully integrate our acquisitions and to accurately forecast and report our results, which could harm our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the migration of information and data can create additional exposure to cyber attacks and other cybersecurity incidents, including, but not limited to, improper access to our or our customers' websites and data (including personal data). For further information on potential cybersecurity risks, please refer to our risk factor "An actual or perceived cybersecurity incident could impair our ability to conduct business, provide our products and services, protect data, and comply with contractual or legal obligations, and may cause us to incur substantial costs, or subject us to significant liability." We substantially rely upon AWS services to operate our integrated platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. A substantial portion of our cloud infrastructure is provisioned through AWS, which hosts several of our products and our integrated platform. Our customers need to be able to access our platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance. AWS runs its own platform that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to service interruptions at AWS. We may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability of AWS services due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions and capacity constraints due to any number of potential causes, including technical failures, natural disasters, pandemics, fraud or cybersecurity attacks, all of which could impact our service to our customers. In addition, if the security of AWS is compromised, or our products or platform are unavailable or our users are unable to use our products within a reasonable amount of time or at all, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In some instances, AWS or we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within a period of time acceptable to our customers. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our platform performance, especially during peak usage times, as our products become more complex and the usage of our products increases. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, either through AWS or alternative providers of cloud infrastructure, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, any changes in service levels from AWS may adversely affect our ability to meet our customers' requirements, resulting in negative publicity which could harm our reputation and brand and may adversely affect the usage of our platform. 32 Table of Contents We use AWS primarily for cloud-based server capacity, storage and other infrastructure offerings. AWS enables us to order and reserve server capacity in varying amounts and sizes distributed across multiple regions. We access AWS infrastructure through standard IP connectivity. AWS provides us with computing and storage capacity pursuant to an agreement that continues until terminated by either party. AWS may terminate the agreement for cause upon notice and upon our failure to cure a breach within 45 days from the date of such notification and may, in some cases, suspend the agreement immediately for cause upon notice. Although we expect that we could receive similar services from other third parties, if any of our arrangements with AWS are terminated, we could experience interruptions on our platform and in our ability to make our products available to customers, as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging alternative cloud infrastructure services. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation, erode customer trust, cause customers to stop using our products, impair our ability to increase revenue from existing customers, impair our ability to grow our customer base, subject us to financial penalties and liabilities under our service level agreements and otherwise harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. An actual or perceived cybersecurity incident could impair our ability to conduct business, provide our products and services, protect data, and comply with contractual or legal obligations, and may cause us to incur substantial costs, or subject us to significant liability. Our operations depend on our ability to protect our information systems against interruption, a breach of confidentiality, or other damage from cybersecurity threats and incidents. Our large size and global computer network expose us to a wide variety of cybersecurity threats that include cyber attacks from individuals, organized crime groups, nation-state sponsored organizations, and others (collectively, threat actors). These cyberattacks can take many different forms, including but not limited to deploying malicious software, exploiting hardware and software vulnerabilities, social engineering, or other actions to gain access to our systems and data or disrupt our operations. For example, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, an increase in social engineering attacks and have experienced unauthorized access to certain of our systems. While to date these incidents have not been material and we continue to invest in our cybersecurity defenses, we cannot guarantee that our defenses (or those of our third-party service providers) will be sufficient to prevent a material incident in the future. In addition to threats from external threat actors, we face internal cybersecurity threats related to our own operations. These threats may include human error, intentional misconduct, or accidental failures, including when using third-party LLMs providers and AI systems. Although we have made investments in cybersecurity defenses designed to guard against insider threats, we cannot guarantee that our defenses (or those of our third-party service providers) will be sufficient to prevent an insider from causing unauthorized disruption or access to our systems or data. If our cybersecurity defenses (or those of our third-party service providers) are insufficient to prevent a cybersecurity incident, we may experience significant data loss or exposure, business disruption, substantial costs, reputational harm, and liability. Any actual or suspected cybersecurity incident may disrupt our business by, among other things, making our network, systems and services partially or totally unavailable or by destroying, corrupting, exposing, or otherwise unlawfully processing data necessary for us or our customers to conduct business. An actual or suspected cybersecurity incident impacting our systems or those of third-party providers, including LLM providers and AI system providers, also may cause us to incur a wide range of costs, including but not limited to acquiring new hardware and software to repair our systems or remediate the effects of the incident, retaining external consultants, and providing notice to affected customers, individuals, and government authorities. A cybersecurity incident also may cause reputational harm if, for example, customers believe we are unable to protect our systems or their data (including sensitive, confidential, proprietary, and personal data). Finally, we have been and in the future may be subject to litigation or governmental investigations relating to our failure to prevent a cybersecurity incident. We have purchased cybersecurity insurance to cover the costs and potential liability arising from cybersecurity incidents. Our coverage, however, includes significant deductibles. We cannot ensure that our existing cybersecurity insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us, continue to be available on acceptable terms, or at all, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Thus, we cannot guarantee that our insurance will provide coverage for a specific cybersecurity incident or will be sufficient to cover all the potential costs and liabilities of any specific cybersecurity incident. 33 Table of Contents If we experience fraudulent activity relating to our, or our third-party vendors' products and services, we could suffer service interruptions or incur substantial costs. Our products and services, and the products and services of our third-party vendors and partners, may be subject to fraudulent usage, including, but not limited to domain name hijacking, revenue share fraud and other evolving schemes (external fraudulent activity). In addition, although our customers are required to set passwords or personal identification numbers to protect their accounts, third parties have in the past been, and may in the future be, able to access and use our customers' accounts through fraudulent means. Fraudulent activity can result in, among other things, interruption of our services to our customers, and substantial business and reputational harm to ourselves and to our customers. Although we implement multiple fraud prevention and detection controls, our ability to mitigate risks originating from third-party vendors and partners may be limited by their own controls and practices, and we cannot be certain that our efforts to address external fraudulent activity and the use of our, or our third parties' and vendors' products and services, will be successful in eliminating these threats, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our monitoring and updates to our controls and oversight frameworks may be insufficient to mitigate impacts to our business as a result of emerging fraud trends. We rely on our marketing efforts and channels to maintain awareness of our brand and acquire new customers. These efforts may require significant expense and may not be successful. We use a variety of marketing channels to maintain awareness of our brand, including online keyword search, sponsorships and endorsements, television, radio and print advertising, email and social media marketing. Our GoDaddy Guides also market our brand through their recommendations of our products or solutions to specifically meet the needs of our customers. In order to maintain and grow our revenues, we need to continuously optimize and diversify our marketing campaigns and strategies and increase our efforts to expand customer awareness of our brand and portfolio of products. There can be no assurance that our marketing efforts will succeed. If we lose access to one or more of these channels, we may be unable to promote our brand effectively, which could limit our ability to grow our business. Protecting and maintaining awareness of our brand is important to our success, particularly for continued acceptance of our existing and future products and solutions, attracting new customers and increasing customer awareness of our full product portfolio. Further, if our marketing activities fail to generate traffic to our website, attract new customers or lead to new sales or renewals of our products at the levels we anticipate or our efforts to personalize our marketing efforts are not successful, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. In the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, our marketing and advertising expenses were $375.1 million, $356.9 million and $352.9 million, respectively. If these costs or our customer acquisition costs increase or we fail to generate additional sales as a result of our marketing efforts, our business, operating results and financial performance could be adversely affected. Our ability to increase sales of our products is highly dependent on the quality of our customer care. Our failure to provide high-quality customer care would have an adverse effect on our business, brand and operating results. We believe our focus on high-quality customer care is critical to retaining, expanding and further penetrating our customer base, including generating additional sales of products to our customers. Our GoDaddy Guides have historically contributed significantly to our total bookings. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, approximately 9%, 8%, and 9% of our total bookings, respectively, were generated from the sale of product subscriptions by our GoDaddy Guides. Most of our current offerings are designed for customers who often self-identify as having limited to no technology skills. Our customers depend on our GoDaddy Guides to guide them as they create, manage and grow their Identity, support their Presence, both online and offline, and enable them with products to meet their Commerce needs. Our GoDaddy Guides engage with customers through direct calls and/or via other communication channels, such as chat, social media and webcasts, and we continue to increase our self-serve solutions. As our customer base and our penetration within existing customers expands, we must continue to broaden our portfolio of solutions, increase the scope of our solution deployments and adapt our customer support organization to ensure our customers continue to receive the high level of customer service which they have come to expect. If we fail to maintain high quality customer care across our communications platforms to support our customers' growing needs, our reputation, financial results and business prospects may be materially harmed. Notwithstanding our commitment to customer care, our customers may occasionally encounter interruptions in service and other technical challenges, including those 34 Table of Contents resulting from our GoDaddy Guides working remotely. An interruption in service and other challenges could negatively impact our business. A portion of our GoDaddy Guides is engaged through third parties and not directly by us. We continue to refine our efforts in customer care so we can adequately serve our domestic and international customers. A portion of our GoDaddy Guides is engaged through third parties and not employed by us. If our agreements with such third parties are terminated for any reason, including a breach of agreement, if such third parties or the GoDaddy Guides engaged through the third parties do not perform the level of service expected of GoDaddy or our customers, or if such GoDaddy Guides engage in misconduct, our business and reputation could be harmed and we may need to find and/or train alternative providers, which could increase our costs and delay services to our customers. In addition, such a disruption could adversely impact our ability to serve our customers and to sell products to new and existing customers and we may experience a decline in our subscription renewal rates and in our ability to cross-sell our products and our reputation may suffer, any of which could adversely affect our business, reputation and operating results. If we are unable to maintain our contractual relationships with existing partners or establish new contractual relationships with potential partners, we may not be able to offer the products and related functionality our customers expect. We rely on certain relationships with partners to offer and support key products and services, some of whom create integrations with our products, including Microsoft Corporation, a critical provider of email and related productivity tools through Microsoft 365, and others that create integrations with third-party applications and platforms used by our customers, such as advanced email security provided by ProofPoint, Inc., email backup and migration services provided by SkyKick and email archiving services provided by Barracuda. Our email offerings are a core component of many customers' productivity and daily operations and our ability to provide these services at scale depends, in significant part, on the continued availability, functionality and commercial terms of our partnerships, including with Microsoft and other email providers. We also maintain partnerships to help provide other core services to our customers, including with Norton Small Business, a provider of device security, cloud backup and other security tools, LegalZoom.com, Inc. and ZenBusiness, Inc., providers of business formation services, and with other providers that assist our customers with e-signatures, insurance and bookkeeping. We also work to make certain of our products interoperable with services such as Yelp, Google, Amazon, WhatsApp and Instagram and, we provide various payment options for customers, including through our partnerships and technical integrations with providers such as PayPal, Stripe, Block and Mercado Libre. We have invested and will continue to invest in our partnerships to provide these product offerings and tools to our customers, to assist us in expanding the suite of solutions and tools we can offer to our customers and to help us attract new customers and retain and grow our existing customers. Despite these investments, our partnerships may not be as successful in retaining or generating new customers as we anticipate, which could adversely affect our ability to retain our current customers or grow our total customers, and could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Further, these integrated products could require substantial investment while providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue. If a key partner, such as Microsoft, were to terminate its relationship with us, materially limit our or our customers' access to its products and services, fail to create operable integrations, fail to perform as expected, or if they change the features, availability or pricing of their applications or alter the terms governing our or our customers' use of their applications in an adverse manner, demand for their products, and as a result our products could decrease, we could be required to transition customers to alternative solutions, which may not be available on comparable terms, may be operationally complex and could result in service disruptions, increased costs or loss of customers, all of which would harm our business and operating results. In addition, if our relationships with our partners deteriorate or we are unable to maintain our contractual relationships with our existing partners or establish new contractual relationships with potential partners, we may not be able to offer the products and related functionality our customers expect, we may experience delays and increased costs in providing for our customers or attracting new customers, and we may lose existing customers. Any ineffectiveness of our partner programs could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations and may cause reputational harm. In addition, our partners may increase the fees they charge us or offer their services on terms that are less than favorable to us, including in connection with renewal negotiations. Such increased costs or less than favorable terms could result in increased costs to customers and potential loss of customers, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 35 Table of Contents Our failure to properly register or maintain our customers' domain names or comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to domain name registration and maintenance could subject us to additional liability, regulatory action, expenses, claims of loss or negative publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business. System and process failures related to our domain name registration service may result in inaccurate and incomplete information in our domain name database. Despite testing, system and process failures, cybersecurity threats and other vulnerabilities may remain undetected or unknown, which could result in compromised customer data, loss of or delay in revenues, failure to achieve market acceptance, injury to our reputation, increased product costs or other negative impacts, any of which could harm our business. Furthermore, the requirements for registering and maintaining domain names vary from registry to registry and by jurisdiction, each of which is subject to change from time to time. For example, the E.U.'s Network Information Security 2 Directive (the NIS2 Directive) requires, among other things, that registries and entities providing domain name registration services adopt policies and procedures, including verification procedures, to ensure that such entities maintain accurate and complete domain name registration data in their domain name databases. The NIS2 Directive is in the process of being transposed into many E.U. member states' respective national laws. We cannot guarantee we will be able to readily adopt and comply with the varying registry and jurisdictional requirements as they arise. Our failure or inability to properly register or maintain our customers' domain names or comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations relating to domain name registration or maintenance might result in significant expenses and subject us to additional liability, regulatory action, expenses, claims of loss or negative publicity, which could harm our business, brand and operating results. We are dependent on the reliability, security and performance of our internally developed systems and operations. Any difficulties in maintaining these systems may result in damage to our brand, service interruptions, decreased customer service or increased expenditures. The reliability, security and continuous availability of the software, hardware and workflow processes underlying our internal systems, networks and infrastructure and the ability to deliver our products are critical to our business. Any interruptions resulting in our inability to timely deliver our products or customer care, or materially impacting the efficiency or cost with which we provide our products and customer care, would harm our brand, profitability and ability to conduct business. In addition, many of the software and other systems we currently use will need to be enhanced over time or replaced with equivalent commercial products or services, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Enhancing or replacing our systems, networks or infrastructure could entail considerable effort and expense. If we fail to develop and execute reliable policies, procedures and tools to operate our systems, networks or infrastructure, we could face a substantial decrease in workflow efficiency and increased costs, as well as a decline in our revenue. Our business is exposed to risks associated with credit card and other payment chargebacks, fraud and new payment methods. A significant percentage of our revenue is processed through credit cards and other online payment methods. We face the risk that we may fail to maintain an adequate level of protection against fraud or chargebacks and that one or more credit card associations or other processors may, at any time, assess penalties against us or terminate our ability to accept credit card or other forms of online payments from customers. Under our contracts with our payment processors, we are required to reimburse them for such penalties. If our refunds or chargebacks increase, our processors could require us to create reserves, increase fees or terminate their contracts with us. In addition, as we expand our presence in commerce through our GoDaddy Payments products and services, we face additional risks in payment processing due to merchant screening, merchant related fraud, hardware failures and servicing, manufacturing costs, the procurement of hardware parts and materials, and risks associated with the interface of our hardware products with third-party mobile devices. We could also incur significant fines or lose our ability to give customers the option of using credit cards to pay for our products if we fail to follow payment card industry data security standards, even if there is no compromise of the cardholder information covered by these standards. Although we are in compliance with payment card industry data security standards, it is possible that evolving cybersecurity threats may impact our ability to protect cardholder data which could result in fines or otherwise impact our financial condition, or could result in the suspension of our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment. In addition, we could be liable if there is a cybersecurity incident affecting the payment information we store. Online commerce and communications depend on the secure transmission of payment information over public networks. With the expansion of our offerings through GoDaddy Payments products and services, we face additional burdens in securing and transmitting payment information. We cannot ensure the encryption and authentication technology we rely on to secure the 36 Table of Contents transmission of payment information will adequately prevent cybersecurity incidents affecting systems. Although we maintain network security insurance, we cannot be certain our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually arising from a cybersecurity incident or insurance will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, some of our partners also collect or possess payment information about our customers, and we may be subject to litigation or our reputation may be harmed if our partners fail to protect our customers' payment information or if they use it in a manner inconsistent with our policies and practices. Cybersecurity incidents can also occur as a result of non-technical issues. Under our contracts with our processors, if there is unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, payment information we store, we could be liable to the credit card issuing banks for their cost of issuing new cards and related expenses. Moreover, in the future we may explore accepting various forms of payment that may have higher fees and costs than our current payment methods. If our customers utilize alternative payment methods, our payment costs could increase and our operating results could be adversely impacted. Our future performance depends in part on the services and performance of our senior management, as well as key employees. If we are unable to attract, motivate, and retain our employees, our business could suffer. Our future performance depends on the services and contributions of our senior management and key employees to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of any senior management or other key employees and the hiring of new senior leaders and key employees, especially in a competitive labor market, could significantly delay or prevent our achievement of strategic objectives, business plans and product development as we transition to new leaders and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Our future performance and success also depends, in part, on our ability to continue to hire, retain, manage and motivate highly skilled personnel around the globe. The loss of any of our key personnel, the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel or delays in hiring required personnel, including as a result of changes or evolution in any laws, rules or regulations, may seriously harm our business, financial condition and operating results. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to retain our employees or attract new employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. Historically, equity awards have been a key component of our employee compensation program, and as a result, any decline or continued depreciation of the price of our Class A common stock (directly or relative to the stock price of other companies with which we compete for talent) may adversely impact our ability to retain employees or to attract new employees, which could impact our business, reputation and company culture. We have in the past and may in the future expand our solutions through acquisitions. If we expand in this way, we may need to increase our hiring or may become dependent on the key personnel who join us through such acquisitions. If we are unable to successfully integrate and retain such personnel, our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. Competition for highly skilled personnel, particularly employees with technical and engineering skills, is frequently intense. Additionally, we are limited in our ability to recruit global talent by U.S. immigration laws and policies, including those related to H-1B visas. The demand for H-1B visas to fill highly-skilled jobs is greater than the number of H-1B visas available each year. In addition, new or modified immigration laws and policies may further limit the availability of H-1B visas, cause delays in the issuance of visas or increase the costs associated with H-1B visas, any of which could impact our ability to recruit, hire and retain qualified skilled personnel, which could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Financial Risks Our quarterly and annual operating results and key metrics may be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below investor or analyst expectations. Our quarterly and annual operating results and key metrics have varied from period to period in the past, and may fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, among other things: • our ability to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers; • the timing and success of introductions of new products; • changes in the growth rate of small businesses and ventures; 37 Table of Contents • changes in renewal rates for our subscriptions and our ability to sell additional products to existing customers; • higher than expected refunds to our customers; • the timing of revenue recognition relative to the recording of the related expense; • any negative publicity or other actions which harm our brand; • the timing of our marketing expenditures; • the mix of products sold and our use of "freemium" and other promotions and free trials for our solutions; • our ability to maintain a high level of personalized customer care and resulting customer satisfaction; • competition in the market for our products; • our ability to expand or maintain our international business; • changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates; • rapid technological change, including as a result of developments in AI adoption and integration; • frequent new product introductions; • evolving industry standards; • our ability to implement new financial and other administrative systems; • actual or perceived cyber attacks or other incidents; • systems, data center and internet failures, breaches and service interruptions; • actions by foreign governments that reduce access to the internet for their citizens; • changes in or increases to U.S. or foreign regulations or regulations by governments or multi-governmental organizations, that could impact one or more of our product offerings; • changes to regulatory bodies, such as the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN); • a delay in the authorization of new TLDs by ICANN or our ability to secure operator rights for new TLDs, both of which would impa