 An investment in our company is subject to a number of risks. These risks and other risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS. This summary of risks is intended to provide an overview of the principal risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for a review of the more detailed risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Industry and Economic Risks • We operate in highly competitive markets. • Our business is subject to the effects of global geopolitical and economic instability and public health crises. • Efforts by public and private payers to control the growth of healthcare costs may affect the price of and demand for our products and services. Business and Operational Risks • Our business strategy could be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully complete strategic transactions or manage our collaboration, joint venture, or similar arrangements. • Our business strategy includes substantial investment in R&D, with a focus on AI, cloud, edge computing, and software offerings. We cannot guarantee that these investments will generate new offerings, attract customers, or generate sufficient revenue. • Our inability to manage our supply chain or obtain supplies of components or raw materials, as well as any interruption in the operations of our facilities, our suppliers’, customers’, or third-party providers’ facilities, has restricted, and could continue to restrict, the manufacturing of products, cause delays in delivery, impair our ability to deliver products or provide services, or significantly increase our costs. • We manufacture and sell products that rely upon software and computer systems to operate properly and process and store confidential information. Our business could be adversely affected by increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cybercrimes, and our inability to obtain, maintain, protect, or effectively enforce our IP rights. • If we are unable to attract or retain key talent and qualified employees or maintain relations with our employees or employee representatives, it could adversely affect our business. • Increasing attention to sustainability matters, including environmental, health, and safety (“EH&S”) matters, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. Regulatory and Legal Risks • Our business operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations, including with regard to the development, authorization and commercialization of our products, as well as anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, anti-kickback and false claims laws, antitrust and competition laws, privacy and information security laws, and applicable tax laws. Any changes to or violations of these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. • We are subject to laws and regulations in many jurisdictions governing government contracts, public procurement, and government reimbursements, as to which the failure to comply could adversely affect our business. • We are exposed to risks associated with potential litigation, arbitration, and governmental proceedings, including product liability claims that have been and may be brought against us. 14 Table of Contents General Risks • Our existing indebtedness, and any additional indebtedness that we may incur, could have important consequences for our business. • We have significant postretirement benefit liabilities and their actual costs and related cash flows are uncertain and could exceed current estimates. INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC RISKS. We operate in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future, and our industry may be disrupted, requiring us to lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share. Healthcare markets are characterized by rapidly evolving technology, frequent introduction of new products, intense competition, and pricing pressures. We face substantial competition from international and domestic companies of all sizes, and these competitors often differ across our businesses. Competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, pricing, service, product performance, and technological innovation. Our ability to compete successfully may be adversely affected by factors such as: • the development of new technology, the application of known or unknown technology, advances in medicine, or new developments in the treatment or diagnosis of disease that transform our industry or render a product or product line obsolete; • competitors responding more quickly or effectively to new technology, or changes in customer requirements and industry trends; • the introduction of new or more affordable products or product enhancements by competitors, including products that could substitute for our products or reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection; • a failure to satisfy local market conditions and regulations, such as mandatory IP transfers, protectionist measures, and other government policies supporting increased local competition; • the application of new or innovative business models to our industry; • the emergence of new market entrants, including those with innovative technology or substantial financial resources, such as startups or established technology companies; • a failure to maintain or expand relationships with existing customers or attract new customers; • cost of production or delivery, whether due to geographic location, currency fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, duties, or otherwise, which may enable our competitors to offer greater discounts or lower prices; • the performance, capability, and integrity of third parties, including due to their financial instability or their compliance or regulatory failures; • the perception of our brand and image in the market; • the strengthening of independent service organizations (“ISOs”) (third-party entities that specialize in the repair and maintenance of medical devices produced by original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), including us) and companies specializing in one or more of our operating segments or offerings; • a failure to successfully enter new or emerging geographic or adjacent product markets, including as a result of pricing pressures from local and international competitors in those markets; • a failure to acquire or effectively integrate businesses and technologies that complement or expand our existing businesses; • changing regulatory standards, legal requirements, or enforcement rigor; or • consolidation among customers, suppliers, channel partners, or competitors. The implementation of localization requirements and the other government policies in certain geographies such as China and Russia creates a risk that, if we do not localize our products or operations to meet such requirements, we could lose market share and experience adverse effects on our business results, cash flows, and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents Our service organization allows us to deliver service offerings through an extensive network of field service engineers, global repair centers, and customer service centers. Increased competition from ISOs and evolving regulatory and legislative policies could adversely impact our business and financial results. For example, in the U.S. and Europe, ISOs continue to seek access to OEM service tools, parts, documents, software updates, and training. Specifically, the Librarian of Congress in the U.S. has authorized a copyright act exemption that allows third-party repair companies to circumvent OEM copyright protections on software in its medical imaging device or system if circumvention is necessary to diagnose, maintain, or repair such device or system. Similarly, regulatory and legislative changes, such as the adoption of right-to-repair laws in the U.S. and elsewhere, could further strengthen the ability of ISOs to obtain valuable service contracts and compete with us in the services area. In addition to affecting our services business, the activities of ISOs could expose us to a number of other risks related to safety, quality, security, or performance of our products. This could increase compliance costs, require changes to our business practices, or otherwise impact our ability to compete in the services and repairs area. Our inability to obtain and maintain regulatory authorizations for and supply commercial quantities of our offerings as quickly and effectively as our competitors could limit market acceptance. Furthermore, our markets are continually evolving and thus revenues and income are difficult to forecast. In recent years, U.S. and some international healthcare industry participants, including distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, healthcare providers, insurers, and pharmacy chains, have consolidated or formed strategic alliances. Consolidations create larger enterprises with greater negotiating power and may result in the loss of a customer where the combined enterprise selects one distributor from two incumbents. Additionally, the U.S. healthcare industry has undergone significant changes designed to help increase access to medical care, improve safety and patient outcomes, contain costs, and increase efficiencies. These changes include a general decline in and/or changes to public and private insurer reimbursement levels and payment models and the industry shifting away from traditional healthcare venues like hospitals and toward clinics, physician offices, and patients’ homes. We expect the U.S. and to some extent the international healthcare industry to continue to change in the future. Any of these factors could adversely affect our pricing, margins, and market share and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Global geopolitical and economic instability, as well as continuing uncertainties and challenging conditions in regional economies, could adversely affect our business. We generate the majority of our revenue outside of the U.S. and our business is sensitive to global economic conditions. Slower global economic growth; volatility in the currency and credit markets; inflationary pressures; high levels of unemployment or underemployment; reduced levels of capital expenditures; changes or anticipation of potential changes in government fiscal, tax, import and export, trade, and monetary policies; changes in capital requirements for financial institutions; disruptions in the financial services industry; actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt; government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics; sequestration; austerity measures; and other challenges that affect the global economy could adversely affect us and our customers, suppliers, and channel partners. Both the U.S. and international markets have experienced and may continue to experience inflationary pressures. Economic instability could also cause renewed uncertainty in global markets and the investment climate to deteriorate. The imposition of tariffs, non-tariff barriers, and other import and export restrictions have contributed to increased global economic uncertainty. The rise of economic nationalism could make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, continue to produce and source in an optimal manner, or maintain sales at existing levels, both in the U.S. and in other countries. Geopolitical and economic risks have increased over the past few years in many regions of the world, including in the U.S. Our operations expose us to the risk that increased trade protectionism may adversely affect our business. For example, during 2025, the U.S. imposed a variety of new tariffs on most imports from all countries in the world. This in turn prompted several countries to announce tariffs on U.S. imports. While the situation continues to be fluid, tariffs materially impacted our profitability and cash flows in 2025, primarily the bilateral U.S. and Chinese tariffs and U.S. tariffs on all other global import suppliers. Should the tariffs continue at formally communicated levels, we expect to continue to see a material impact to our financial results through the incurrence of additional costs. Additional tariffs or other trade restrictions by the U.S. or other countries where we do significant business, or other restrictions on specific industries, such as pharmaceuticals, could further materially impact our results in the future. We do not expect that our mitigation actions will fully offset the additional costs or other negative impacts resulting from the tariffs. In addition, current changes and uncertainties in global tariffs are causing volatility in our cost positioning in some international markets. Growing tensions, protectionist trade policies, and tariffs may also lead to a fragmentation of the global economy, operational and logistical shifts in supply chains that may lead to higher costs and longer lead times, a general reduction of international trade in goods and services, and a reduction in the integration of financial markets, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 16 Table of Contents Further risks stem from ongoing and future geopolitical tensions and volatility and economic sanctions imposed relating to regions and persons included on sanctioned party lists. In particular, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and resulting sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the U.S., the EU, and Russia may negatively impact our business and financial results to the extent the conflict and the sanctions significantly impact our ability to sell products or services to customers in the affected countries, collect receivables from such customers, or repatriate cash we do collect. Given the nature of our products, we do not believe that the current sanctions and other measures imposed by the U.S. and other countries preclude us from conducting business in the region. However, these sanctions have made, and will continue to make, it more burdensome and costly to serve customers in the region. Under the current U.S. Department of Commerce regulations, we are permitted to export, re-export, or transfer medical equipment and spare parts that meet stated criteria under a License Exception, which has eliminated the need for us to obtain individual U.S. licenses in most cases; however, licenses still may be needed for some transactions. The EU and other countries have also expanded licensing requirements for certain spare parts, services, software, and other items. The implementation of these measures affected our ability to supply customers in Russia in 2025 and is expected to continue to do so as we confirm applicability of the U.S. License Exception to our transactions and continue to obtain licenses. We will continue to apply for licenses to supply to these customers and to support our business in Russia, as required. There is no guarantee we will obtain all of the licenses for which we apply, that any approvals we obtain will be on a timely basis, or that our business in Russia will not be further disrupted due to evolving legal or operational considerations. In addition to the above, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers laws and regulations that restrict U.S. persons and, in some instances, non-U.S. persons in conducting activities, transacting business with, or making investments in certain countries or with governments, entities, and individuals subject to U.S. economic sanctions. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security administers export controls that apply to products, software, and technology. If the sanctions, restrictions, and other retaliatory measures imposed by the global community change, we may be required to cease or suspend our operations in the region or we may voluntarily elect to do so. Additionally, elections in various countries may further exacerbate geopolitical and geoeconomic tensions and market instability. The lead-up to these elections and their outcomes could result in sharp shifts in domestic, economic, and foreign policy approaches or even result in new or deepening geopolitical conflicts. Future geopolitical factors that have the effect of reducing capital expenditures generally, and for healthcare products, services, or solutions specifically, may negatively impact sales of our offerings and, as a result, make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or maintain sales at existing levels. The impact of geopolitical and economic developments globally will depend on a number of factors, including the effectiveness of measures by central banks and financial authorities. Such developments may also result in or coincide with reduced budgets for capital equipment and services, particularly if it becomes more difficult for our customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. This, in turn, could cause our customers to reduce, delay, or abandon purchases of our offerings. An uncertain economic environment may also adversely affect our customers’ budgets and may result in pricing pressure, requests for extended warranty provisions, and cancellation of service contracts, and could make it more difficult for us to collect outstanding receivables, especially in emerging markets. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Public health crises and epidemics and pandemics have had and, in the future, may have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as on the operations and financial performance of customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. Our operations and financial performance have been, and in the future may be, negatively impacted by public health crises and epidemics and pandemics, which have in the past caused, and may in the future cause, a slowdown of economic activity (including volatility in demand for our products, services, and solutions), disruptions in global supply chains, and significant volatility in financial markets. Additionally, as a result of such events, we have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety; site shutdowns; workplace disruptions; restrictions on the movement of people, raw materials, and goods (both at our own facilities and at those of our customers and suppliers); global supply chain disruptions; and price inflation. We also have experienced, and may in the future experience, unpredictable demand for our products, services, and solutions; customer requests for potential payment deferrals or other contract modifications; supply chain challenges; delays of deliveries and the achievement of other billing milestones; delays or cancellations of new projects and related down-payments; and other factors related, directly and indirectly, to the effects of any public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic on our customers that adversely impact our businesses. The ultimate impact of any public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited to: the severity and duration of the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic; the impact of variants and resurgences; governmental, business, and individuals’ actions in response to the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic; the impact on global and regional economies, travel, and economic activity; the development, availability, and public acceptance of effective treatments or vaccines; our employees’ compliance with vaccine mandates that may apply in various jurisdictions; the availability of federal, state, local, or non-U.S. funding programs; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the pace and extent of the ultimate recovery from the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic. 17 Table of Contents Efforts by public and private payers to control the growth of healthcare costs may lead to lower reimbursements or increased utilization controls related to the use of our products by healthcare providers, which may affect the price of and demand for our products, services, or solutions. Sales of many of our offerings directly or indirectly depend on the availability of reimbursement and the amount of reimbursement that our customers may seek from various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities, or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.), and private health plans. In general, employers and third-party payers, particularly in the U.S., have become increasingly cost-conscious, with higher deductibles imposed in many medical plans. The imposition of higher deductibles tends to inhibit individuals from seeking the same level of medical treatments as they might seek if the costs were lower, particularly in the medical diagnostic portion of our business. Third-party payers have also increased utilization controls related to the use of our offerings by healthcare providers. Without adequate support from third-party payers, the market for our offerings may be limited and adversely impacted. Governments and other payers may institute changes in healthcare delivery systems that reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for our offerings from third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which offerings customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. For example, China has implemented volume-based procurement processes to constrain healthcare costs. Some countries impose drug price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products. Even if we develop promising new offerings, we may find limited demand for the offerings unless reimbursement approval is obtained from third-party payers. Further legislative or administrative reforms that impact reimbursements or pricing could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. In the U.S., private third-party payers, although independent from Medicare, sometimes use portions of Medicare reimbursement policies and payment amounts in making their own reimbursement decisions. As a result, decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) to reimburse for a diagnosis or treatment, or changes to Medicare’s reimbursement policies or reductions in payment amounts with respect to a diagnosis or treatment, sometimes extend to U.S. third-party payers’ reimbursement policies and amounts for that diagnosis or treatment. Decision-making by our U.S. customers is complicated by the uncertainty surrounding Medicare reimbursement rates for certain procedures. From time to time, CMS and third-party payers may review and modify the factors upon which they rely to determine appropriate levels of reimbursement for certain diagnoses or treatments. In China, government authorities control the inclusion or removal of drugs from the Essential Drug List and the National Reimbursement Drug List, which govern reimbursement under state-sponsored health plans. The removal or reclassification of our products on Chinese national or provincial lists can affect the reimbursement or reimbursement rate of our products in China. Any significant cuts in reimbursement rates or changes in reimbursement methodology or administration for procedures that use our offerings, or concerns or proposals regarding further cuts or changes in methodology or administration, could further increase uncertainty, adversely affect our customers’ decisions, reduce demand for our offerings, cause customers to cancel orders, and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS. Our inability to successfully complete strategic transactions could adversely affect our business. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that expand, accelerate, or complement our existing business. Successful growth through acquisitions depends upon our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets or assets, conduct due diligence, negotiate transactions on favorable terms, and ultimately complete such transactions and integrate the acquired target or asset successfully. See Note 8, "Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets" for a discussion of the acquisitions we completed or have entered into in 2025. Acquisitions may expose us to significant risks and uncertainties, including: • competition for acquisition targets and assets, which may lead to substantial increases in purchase price or other terms that are less attractive to us, including the use of our shares for payment of the purchase price; • dependence on external sources of capital, in particular to finance the purchase price of acquisitions; • inquiries and rulings by antitrust, foreign direct investment, or other regulatory bodies; • acquired companies’ previous failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; • failure to timely or successfully integrate acquired companies’ strategies, functions, systems, controls, including cybersecurity and data protection controls, and products into our own; • inability to produce products at increased scale or loss of previously available distribution channels; 18 Table of Contents • heightened external scrutiny on acquired IP rights, regulatory exclusivity periods, and confidentiality agreements, or lack of IP rights for the acquired portfolio; • diversion of our management’s attention from existing operations to the acquisition and integration process; • a failure to accurately predict or to realize expected growth opportunities, cost savings, synergies, and market acceptance of acquired companies’ products; • a failure to identify significant non-compliant behaviors or practices by, or liabilities relating to, an acquisition target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; • successor liability imposed by regulators for actions by a target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; • expenses, delays, and difficulties in integrating acquired businesses into our existing businesses; and • difficulties in retaining key customers and personnel. Various other assessments and assumptions regarding acquisition targets may prove to be incorrect, and actual developments may differ significantly from our expectations. In addition, we also regularly evaluate a variety of other potential strategic transactions, including equity and other investments, and disposition of non-core assets or businesses. We may not successfully identify, complete, or manage the risks presented by these transactions, including those outlined above. Equity and other investments pose additional risks, as we could share ownership in both public and private companies and, in some cases, management responsibilities with one or more other parties whose objectives may diverge from ours over time; who may not have the same priorities, strategies, or resources as we do; or whose interpretation of applicable policies may differ from our own. Additionally, dispositions of non-core assets or businesses could involve difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and employees, the disruption of our business, and the potential loss of key employees. The occurrence of any of the above in connection with any acquisition or other strategic transaction could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. If we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such arrangements, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time, we enter into collaborations, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties to complement or augment our capabilities, including in R&D, product development, manufacturing, and marketing. Evaluating, appropriately structuring, negotiating, and implementing such arrangements may be a lengthy and complex process and must meet applicable business, legal, and compliance requirements. Other companies may compete with us for these opportunities. As a result, we may not identify, secure, or complete such arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or on otherwise favorable terms, if at all. We may not realize the expected benefits from these arrangements. We may not be able to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding any such collaboration, licensing arrangement, joint venture, or strategic alliance. This could create the risk of impasses on decisions, given that our partners in these arrangements may have economic or business interests that diverge from our interests. Conflicts may arise in these arrangements concerning the achievement of performance milestones or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement (including financial obligations), termination rights, or the ownership or control of IP developed during the arrangement. Our partners may suffer adverse commercial, financial, or legal circumstances that are outside of our control and may jeopardize their success, our partners may terminate their relationships with us, or breakdowns in these relationships may give rise to disputes. Given the potentially different interests of the parties involved, we could suffer delays in product development, commercialization or other operational difficulties. These arrangements may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase expenditures, or disrupt our ordinary business activities. These arrangements may expose us to known and unknown risks, including unique risks with respect to the economic, political, and regulatory environment of any foreign entities with which we partner, quality control, and legal and regulatory violations committed by partners whose actions are outside of our control. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 19 Table of Contents Our increasing focus on and investment in cloud, edge computing, AI, and software offerings present risks to our business. We may not be successful in driving the global deployment and customer adoption of digital offerings, including cloud-enabled, AI-enabled, and software solutions. A growing part of our business involves cloud, edge computing, AI (including generative AI), and software solutions, and we are devoting significant resources to developing and deploying such strategies. Our success with these solutions will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. We incur costs to develop cloud, edge computing, AI, and software solutions and to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud and edge computing offerings. Success with these solutions depends on execution in many areas, including: • establishing and maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud, edge computing, AI, and software solutions (including the reliability of our third-party software vendors, network, and cloud providers) on a growing array of medical devices, software, and equipment; • continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our solutions to our customers in the face of increasing competition from a significant number of existing and new entrants in the market, while meeting reliability and security expectations for these solutions; and • meeting regulatory requirements for the development, testing, marketing, and implementation of these solutions in a fast-moving space disrupted by changing regulations around data and the need for innovation, including obtaining marketing authorizations when required. It is uncertain whether our strategies will attract customers or generate revenue required to succeed in this highly competitive and rapidly changing global market. We commit substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to R&D and IT infrastructure for our digital offerings, and the risk of failure is inherent. Even where our digital offerings satisfy applicable regulations and reimbursement policies, customers may not adopt them due to concerns about the security of personal data or the customers’ absence of digital infrastructure to support and effectively use the offerings, a hesitancy to embrace new technology, or for other reasons. We also may not effectively execute organizational and technical changes to accelerate innovation and execution. In a number of countries, some cloud, edge computing, AI, and software solutions are restricted areas of foreign investment. Collaborating with a domestic, qualified third party will increase costs and may create uncertainties in such jurisdictions. The legality or validity of any collaboration may be challenged or subjected to scrutiny in such jurisdictions and the relevant governmental authorities have broad discretion in addressing such arrangements. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Cloud, AI, edge computing, and software solutions in healthcare must comply with stringent regulations, including certification requirements, in many of the countries in which our customers are located, particularly in relation to obtaining, using, storing, and transferring personal data. Our software solutions must be compliant with applicable regulations in the country in question before we can launch our offerings. In some jurisdictions, we must obtain marketing authorizations before commercializing software solutions. Such regulatory compliance may take longer or cost more than expected or require that design changes be incorporated into our offerings. In addition, changes to reimbursement policies for digital healthcare offerings could potentially lead to delays and additional expense. The inability of customers to obtain adequate reimbursement from private and governmental third-party payers could adversely affect purchasing decisions and prices and cause our revenue and profitability to suffer. Additionally, we are making significant investments in AI initiatives and are building AI into many of our digital offerings. We are planning to use AI, including generative AI, throughout our portfolios to build differentiated products and solutions and deploy those solutions through various modalities for our customers, including on the device, via edge computing or data centers, and/or via the cloud. Using AI in this manner presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, acceptance, and effectiveness, including flawed AI algorithms; insufficient, overly-broad, or biased datasets; unauthorized use or access to personal data; lack of acceptance from our customers; difficulties in obtaining or maintaining the necessary regulatory approvals or clearances; or failure to deliver positive outcomes. As we seek to build clinical applications that leverage AI models built by third parties, we may have limited rights to access the underlying intellectual property used to create these models, and, if requested, this may limit or impair our ability to independently verify the explainability, transparency, and reliability of the underlying model. The use of AI in healthcare offerings also poses clinical risks resulting from potential misdiagnosis or misinformation provided from AI applications, diminishing critical judgment, or loss of interpersonal care from clinicians. These deficiencies could undermine the decisions, predictions, or analysis AI applications produce, as well as their adoption, subjecting us to competitive harm; legal liability, including under new legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the EU or ongoing evolution in how data protection, privacy, IP, and other laws are interpreted; regulatory actions; and reputational harm. Additionally, our obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could entail significant costs or limit our ability to incorporate some AI capabilities into our offerings. In addition, some AI scenarios present ethical, privacy, or other social issues, risking reputational harm and/or reduced market demand or acceptance of AI solutions. The safeguards we have designed to promote the ethical implementation of AI may not be sufficient to protect us against negative outcomes. Furthermore, we contract with numerous third parties to offer our digital content to customers as well as to assist with the development of their own software applications and services, and our reliance on access to these third parties’ healthcare digital applications, which may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could impact our ability to offer a wide variety of our own digital offerings at reasonable prices with acceptable usage tools or continue to expand our geographic reach. These risks are amplified by the critical nature of healthcare decisions and the sensitivity of health-related information, and the occurrence of any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 20 Table of Contents Our inability to manage our supply chain or obtain supplies of components or raw materials has restricted, and could continue to restrict, the manufacturing of products, cause delays in delivery, or significantly increase our costs, and our use of third parties in various markets and their actions or inactions could affect our business. We rely on the timely supply of components, products, services, and solutions from suppliers. If suppliers fail to meet their delivery obligations, raise prices, or cease to supply to us, it may affect our ability to deliver to our customers or significantly increase our costs. If we lose suppliers, if their operations are substantially interrupted, if their prices increase significantly due to inflationary pressures, or if any of them fail to meet performance or quality specifications, we may be required to identify and qualify one or more replacement suppliers. This also may require us to redesign or modify our products to incorporate new components and obtain regulatory authorization, qualification, or certification of these redesigned or modified products, which could increase our costs, cause material delays, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Further, we have multiple single-source or sole-source suppliers with no alternatives yet identified. Our dependence on such single- or sole-source suppliers subjects us to the risk of possible shortages, interruptions, and price fluctuations. Disruptions or loss of any of our single- or sole-source suppliers, or capacity limitations of these suppliers, could increase our costs, curtail growth opportunities, cause material delays, and adversely impact our business, financial results, and customer relationships. Supply chain interruptions or price increases in certain key countries, such as China, India, Russia, and Israel, have had, and could continue to have, a similar adverse effect on our business. The costs of certain raw materials, logistics, and services necessary for the production and distribution of our products are subject to fluctuation based on many factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, labor costs, transportation costs, and currency exchange rates. We rely upon supplies of certain raw materials, including helium, iodine, and rare earth minerals. Worldwide demand, availability, export restrictions, and pricing of these raw materials have been volatile, and we expect that to continue in the future. For example, in 2025, China significantly tightened its export controls on rare earth minerals. Some, but not all, of these restrictions were temporarily suspended after trade negotiations with the U.S. in October 2025. If supply of these materials is further restricted or if prices increase, this could constrain our manufacturing of affected products, reduce our profit margins, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We have replaced certain internal capabilities with outsourced products, services, or solutions. These processes may result in increased dependency on external suppliers and other third parties. For example, we rely on contract manufacturing organizations to produce certain of our molecular imaging pharmaceutical products. Failure by third-party suppliers to maintain sufficient manufacturing capacity for our products could create shortages or delay fulfilling orders. Failure of third-party suppliers to establish and comply with required quality management systems or comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements may also lead to withdrawals of our certifications or authorizations required for market access in certain jurisdictions. Such supplier failures may prevent us from meeting customer requirements in a timely manner, which could result in damages or other claims, order cancellations, loss of market share, and damage to our reputation. Shortages or delays could adversely affect our business. A general shortage of materials or components also poses the risk of unforeseeable fluctuations in prices and demand. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Additionally, the implementation of localization requirements and other government policies driven by support of local industry, and increasing attention to sustainability matters, including EH&S matters, may impose additional costs and requirements on our business, such as the need to qualify new local suppliers or comply with new material reporting requirements, which could negatively affect our ability to compete in certain markets. Our business dealings also involve other third parties such as distributors, dealers, wholesalers, packagers, resellers, agents, collaboration partners, sub-contractors, and others. We rely on third-party transport and warehouse management services for reliable and secure point-to-point transportation of our products to our customers and patients, tracking of these shipments, and warehousing of our products. If any of these third parties were to encounter delivery performance issues or other disruptions leading to the loss, damage, or destruction of our products, it would be costly to replace these products in a timely manner. This may damage our reputation and result in decreased demand for our products. In turn, these third parties may use sub-parties. Such dealings expose us to known and unknown risks, including risks related to economic, political, and regulatory environments; performance and quality control; business continuity in the event of termination or other events; conflicts of interest; cybersecurity events; and violations of regulations and laws, including anti-corruption laws, by these third parties or their sub-parties. We cannot control the day-to-day practices of these third parties and cannot guarantee they will comply with our quality standards, contractual requirements, applicable law, and company policies regarding compliance with regulatory and legal requirements. If these third parties do not follow our standards or violate local laws and regulations, we could suffer commercial, financial, or reputational harm, which could jeopardize our ability to continue doing business in these markets or cause our relationships to deteriorate. The risks of disruption described above, as well as the risks arising from war, geopolitical conflicts, government sanctions or trade controls, imposition of tariffs, natural disasters, climate change-related physical and transitional risks, actual or threatened public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions impacting information technology systems, or other business continuity events, could adversely affect our operations and our suppliers’ ability to deliver, and limit our ability to meet our commitments to customers or significantly impact our financial results and condition. We cannot guarantee that the mitigation strategies we employ will be successful or that we will be able to alter our strategies or develop new strategies if and as needed. 21 Table of Contents Any interruption in the operations of our facilities, or our suppliers’, customers’, or third-party providers’ facilities, may impair our ability to deliver products or provide services. We are dependent on our global production and operating network to develop, manufacture, assemble, supply, transport, ship, warehouse, and service our offerings. A work stoppage, labor shortage, or other production limitation, including import or export restrictions and transportation issues, among others, could occur at our facilities, facilities of suppliers or other third parties on which we rely, or customer facilities, and could negatively impact our reputation and market position. Such interruptions may occur for several reasons, including as a result of regulatory enforcement actions, tight credit markets or other financial distress, changes in global trade policies, production constraints or difficulties, unscheduled downtimes, war, severe weather and natural disasters, fires and explosions, accidents, mechanical failures, pandemics, civil unrest, strikes, unpermitted releases of toxic or hazardous substances, other EH&S risks, sabotage, cybersecurity attacks, riots, or terrorist attacks. Any significant event affecting one of our production or operating facilities may result in a disruption to our ability to supply customers, and standby capacity necessary for the reliable operation of the facility may not be sufficiently available. The impact of these risks is heightened if our production capacity is at or near full utilization (or if we lack alternative manufacturing sites) and could result in our inability to accept orders or deliver products in a timely manner. Additionally, significant capital investment to increase manufacturing capacity may be required to expand our business or meet increased demand for our products in the future. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cybercrimes pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions, services, and data, as well as our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. We manufacture and sell products that rely upon software and computer systems to operate properly and process and store confidential information. Our products are often connected to, and reside within, our customers’ IT infrastructures, including their on-premise and cloud infrastructures. In some jurisdictions, we are expected to design our products to include appropriate cybersecurity protections, and regulatory authorities may review such protections when granting marketing authorizations. While we seek to protect our products and IT systems from unauthorized access, these measures may not be effective, particularly because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently, have increased in sophistication (including through the use of AI), and often are not identified at the time that they are launched against a target. These risks apply to our installed base of products, products we currently sell, new products we will introduce in the future, and older technology that we no longer sell or service but remains in use by customers. Additionally, we offer software, cloud, and edge computing products that are developed, controlled, or hosted by third-party providers. A cybersecurity breach of or other disruption to our systems or products, service providers’ network security and systems, or other third-party services could disrupt treatment being delivered to patients or interfere with our customers’ operations, and could lead to the loss of, damage to, or public disclosure of our employees’ and customers’ stored information, including personal data, such as individually identifiable health information (including “protected health information”). Such an event could have serious negative consequences, including alleged customer or patient harm, obligations to notify enforcement authorities or users of our products, voluntary or forced recalls of or modifications to our products, regulatory actions, fines, penalties and damages, reduced demand for or use of our offerings by customers, harm to our reputation, and time-consuming and expensive litigation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. There are increasingly large volumes of information, including patient data, being generated that need to be securely processed and stored by healthcare organizations. Our IT systems have been subject to computer malware, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cybersecurity threats we and our service providers face, including through the use of AI by adversaries, and we expect these activities to continue to increase. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the increased adoption of AI technologies, may further heighten the risk of cyber-attacks. Additionally, leveraging AI capabilities to potentially improve internal functions and operations presents further risks and challenges, including the possibility of creating new attack methods for adversaries. The use of AI to support business operations carries inherent risks related to data privacy, IP, and security, such as intended, unintended, or inadvertent transmission of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information, as well as challenges related to implementing and maintaining AI tools, such as developing and maintaining appropriate datasets for such support. If we fail to implement adequate safeguards, the use of AI may introduce additional operational, legal, or regulatory vulnerabilities such as producing inaccurate outcomes based on flaws in the underlying data or methodologies, or unintended results. 22 Table of Contents Furthermore, we may also be exposed to a more significant risk if such actions are taken by state or state-affiliated actors. The objectives of these cyber-attacks vary widely and may include, among other things, unauthorized access to personal, customer, or third-party information, disruptions in operations and the provision of services to customers, or theft of IP or other sensitive assets or information belonging to us, our business partners, or customers. As such attacks become more effective, the risks in this area continue to grow. The back-up systems we or our customers have in place may not be adequate in the event of a failure or interruption. We may not have current capabilities to identify all vulnerabilities, which may allow others to exploit persistent potential exposures within our IT systems and products. We could suffer significant business disruption, including transaction errors, supply chain or manufacturing interruptions, processing inefficiencies, data loss, loss of customers, reputational damage, the loss of or damage to IP or other proprietary information, litigation, investigations, and possible liability to employees, customers, suppliers, patients, and regulatory authorities as a result of a successful cyber-attack or other disruption impacting our IT systems. Further, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations may be impaired by such cyber-attacks or disruptions. Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects, and on the timeliness of reporting our operating results. We rely on software, SaaS, hardware, and other material components from a number of third parties to manufacture our products or otherwise operate our business. If a material cyber incident or other disruption impacting a supplier were to result in its prolonged inability to use, manufacture, and/or ship such components, this could impact our ability to manufacture and/or use our products. In addition, third-party sourced software components, malicious code, or a critical vulnerability or error emerging within such software could expose our customers to increased cyber risk. Efforts we have undertaken to mitigate such risks may not prevent all incidents. If we were to experience a significant cybersecurity breach or other disruption impacting our information systems or data, the costs associated with the investigation, remediation, and potential notification of the incident to customers, regulators, and counterparties, as well as any related litigation expenses, fines, penalties, or damages, could be material. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful. The data privacy and IT security insurance coverage we currently maintain may be inadequate. In addition, the market for such insurance continues to evolve and, in the future, our data privacy and IT security insurance coverage may be prohibitively expensive or not available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts, or at all. We may be unable to obtain, maintain, protect, or effectively enforce our IP rights. We place considerable emphasis on obtaining, maintaining, and using our IP to support our business strategy. We pursue IP protection in key jurisdictions to protect our R&D investment and limit the risk of infringing third-party IP rights. However, we cannot ensure that our means of obtaining, maintaining, and enforcing our IP rights will be adequate to maintain a competitive advantage. The laws of many jurisdictions may not protect our IP rights or provide an adequate forum to effectively address situations where our IP rights have been compromised. Furthermore, protecting against the unauthorized use of proprietary technology may be difficult, expensive, and drawn out. We may need to litigate with third parties to enforce or defend patents issued to us or to determine the enforceability and validity of our proprietary rights or those of others. Determining whether an offering infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates a third party’s IP rights involves complex legal and factual issues, and the outcome of this type of litigation is often uncertain and inconsistent. This is true for our major markets, including China, as well as developing markets with less developed IP systems. An adverse determination in any such litigation, or significant delays in obtaining effective relief, could materially impair our IP rights and may harm our business. From time to time, we receive notices from third parties asserting infringement, misappropriation, or violation of their IP rights. We are also subject to lawsuits alleging infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of third-party IP rights. When such claims are asserted against us (or to avoid such claims), we may seek to license the third party’s IP rights, which may be costly. We may be unable to obtain necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain an adequate license, we may be subject to lawsuits seeking damages or an injunction against the manufacture, import, marketing, sale, or operation of our offerings or against the operation of our business as presently conducted. We do not maintain insurance for claims or litigation involving the infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of IP rights. Regardless of the merits or outcome, the resolution of any IP dispute could require significant financial and management resources. Adverse judicial rulings or our entry into any license or settlement agreement in connection with third-party claims could affect our ability to compete and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Our agreements with our customers and other third parties typically include indemnification or other provisions under which we agree to indemnify or otherwise be liable to them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of IP claims. We may not always be successful in limiting our liability with respect to such obligations and could become subject to large indemnity payments or damages claims from contractual breach, which could harm our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Furthermore, protecting confidential information and trade secrets can be difficult and, even if a successful enforcement action is brought, such action may not be effective in protecting our IP rights. Additionally, the increased sharing of our data with third parties as a result of right-to-repair legislation or EU data legislation laws could increase the risk of loss or damage to our IP. If we cannot adequately obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our IP rights, our competitors may be able to compete more successfully against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 23 Table of Contents We may not receive protection for pending or future applications relating to IP rights owned by or licensed to us, and the claims allowed under any issued IP rights may not be sufficiently broad to protect our products, services, solutions, and any associated trademarks. Products sold by our competitors may infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate IP rights owned or licensed by us. Any issued IP rights owned by or licensed to us may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or circumvented in litigation or other proceedings, and these limited IP rights may not provide us with effective competitive advantages. IP rights may also be unavailable, limited, unenforceable, or practically unenforceable in some countries, and some governments may require us to transfer our IP rights to local entities to do business in the jurisdiction, either of which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market position and compete with us. We may also incur substantial costs to protect ourselves in litigation or other proceedings involving the validity and enforceability of our IP rights. If claims against us are successful, we could lose valuable IP rights. An unfavorable outcome in any such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. We also rely on agreements with certain employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. We cannot be certain that these agreements will not be breached, that such provisions will be enforceable, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. We do not own the GE trademark or logo, and we entered into a Trademark License Agreement with GE in connection with the Spin-Off (the “Trademark License Agreement”), pursuant to which GE granted us a license to use specified trademarks, which include the GE Monogram and the “GE HealthCare” word mark for use in connection with certain of our products, services, and solutions, as well as the right to use the GE brand in connection with certain legal entity names within our corporate structure. GE owns and controls the GE brand, and the integrity and strength of the GE brand will depend in large part on the efforts and businesses of GE and other licensees of the GE brand and how the brand is used, promoted, and protected by them, which will be outside of our control. Furthermore, there are certain circumstances under which the Trademark License Agreement may be terminated. Termination of the Trademark License Agreement would eliminate our rights to use the specified trademarks granted to us under this agreement and may result in our having to negotiate a new or reinstated agreement with less favorable terms or cause us to lose our rights under the Trademark License Agreement, which would require us to change our corporate name and undergo significant rebranding efforts. Any rebranding efforts may require significant resources and expenses and may affect our ability to attract and retain customers, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. If we are unable to attract or retain key talent and qualified employees or maintain relations with our employees, unions, and other employee representatives, it could adversely affect our business. There is substantial competition for key talent, senior management, and qualified employees in the healthcare industry, and we may face increased competition for such a highly qualified scientific, technical, clinical, and management workforce in a highly competitive environment. To help attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees in senior roles, we use equity-based awards and performance-based cash incentive awards. Sustained declines in our stock price, or lower stock price performance relative to competitors, can reduce the retention value of our equity-based awards, which can impact the competitiveness of our compensation. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining existing talent or recruiting new talent. Certain of our employees in the U.S. and elsewhere are covered by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements typically contain provisions regarding the general working conditions of our employees, including provisions that could affect our ability to restructure our operations, close facilities, or reduce our number of employees. We may not be able to extend existing collective bargaining agreements or, upon the expiration of such agreements, negotiate such agreements in a favorable and timely manner or without work stoppages, strikes, or similar actions. The loss of one or more key employees; our inability to attract or develop additional qualified employees; any delay in hiring key talent; any deterioration of the relationships with our employees, unions, and other employee representatives; or any material work stoppage, strike, or similar action could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Furthermore, our actions or responses to any such negotiations, labor disputes, work stoppages, or strikes could negatively impact our corporate reputation and have adverse effects on our business. 24 Table of Contents Increasing attention to sustainability matters, including EH&S matters, may impose additional costs on our business and expose us to new risks. We face increasing attention from investors, regulators, customers, and other stakeholders, who may have conflicting views on our positions, performance, and disclosures relating to sustainability-related matters, and we are subject to legal and regulatory requirements relating to such positions, performance, and disclosures. In addition, sustainability-based customer standards and tender requirements or weighting criteria, in particular in the EU, may impact our ability to compete successfully. These requirements continue to broaden and may be conflicting, both in terms of scope and geography, a trend we expect to continue. If we draw scrutiny for the positions we take or do not take on these matters (or for altering any such position) or receive unfavorable ratings from third-party organizations that provide information to investors on sustainability matters, it could be used by investors, lenders, customers, and employees to inform their investment, financing, purchasing, or employment decisions, which could have a negative impact on our business. Additionally, our processes and controls for reporting of sustainability matters may not always conform with evolving and disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting sustainability metrics, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our performance metrics, goals, or reported progress in achieving our goals. Furthermore, a failure to adequately meet regulatory expectations may result in non-compliance, the loss of business and reputational impacts, and our becoming the target of litigation or investigations initiated by government authorities or private actors alleging that our activities related to sustainability matters are anti-competitive, discriminatory, or otherwise unlawful. We have established and publicly announced details of our sustainability program, including goals related to addressing climate change. While these goals reflect our current plans and aspirations, we may need to adjust or revise them in light of changes to the assumptions made at the time they were set or the emergence of risks related to our ability to deliver them. These risks include the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; the suitability, cost, and availability of materials and technologies; and the possible organic growth of our business. We are also subject to international, national, state, and local laws, regulations, industry and customer standards, and other voluntary commitments related to EH&S matters. These EH&S laws, regulations, standards, and commitments apply to a broad range of activities across our whole product lifecycle, including those related to (1) protection of the environment, protected species, and use of natural resources; (2) occupational health, safety, and well-being; (3) the use, handling, management, release, storage, transportation, remediation, and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous waste, radiochemical materials, and other hazardous or toxic materials; (4) our products, including the use of certain chemicals in our products and production processes; (5) emissions to air, land, and water; and (6) climate change. The requirements we are subject to impose responsibilities on our business, including the obligation to install pollution control technologies and to obtain and maintain various environmental permits, the cost of which may be substantial. They can also impose cleanup liabilities, including with respect to discontinued or predecessor operations or third-party waste disposal sites. In some jurisdictions we are, and may increasingly be, subject to climate change mitigation and adaptation regulation, tax, disclosure, and reporting requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could be subject to administrative, civil, or criminal fines and penalties; remediation costs; enforcement actions; the suspension or termination of our permits or operations; third-party claims; or other sanctions. The implementation of new or existing EH&S laws, regulations, and industry and customer standards, and any changes to them, which we cannot predict and which have historically become more stringent over time, could increase our costs and require us to reassess our business priorities. Administrative decisions, legal developments, or other governmental or judicial actions may influence the interpretation or enforcement of EH&S laws, regulations, and industry standards, and may thereby increase compliance or other costs. In addition, EH&S laws, regulations, and standards may also have an adverse impact on our ability to develop our products and to maintain and grow access to certain markets. EH&S laws and regulations enacted worldwide may require us to re-design products or production processes, or to cease using certain substances, leading to detrimental operational impacts and an increase in operating costs. Any of these risks or costs, and our ability to assess, prepare for, and fully comply with future EH&S laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Our products and operations utilizing radioactive materials are subject to varying international, federal, state, and local regulations and must be conducted in accordance with a number of licenses and certifications. The handling and disposal of radioactive materials and wastes may impose significant requirements and costs, including with respect to the decommissioning of facilities handling radioactive materials. Disposal sites for the lawful disposal of materials or wastes associated with our products may be limited or non-existent, may no longer accept these materials in the future, or may accept them on unfavorable terms, which could adversely impact our operations. 25 Table of Contents Our research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which could adversely affect our business. To remain competitive, we must continue to launch new products, services, and solutions, requiring substantial investment in R&D. If we cannot successfully introduce new offerings that address the needs of our customers, our offerings may become obsolete, and our business results, cash flows, and financial condition could suffer. Many of our offerings have lengthy development and commercialization cycles. Promising new products, services, and solutions may fail to reach the market at all or at the right time, or may have only limited commercial success due to reasons including safety or efficacy concerns, failure to achieve positive outcomes, inability to obtain necessary regulatory authorizations, or third-party reimbursement decisions. Additionally, new offerings may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors’ innovations or reverse engineering efforts. It is uncertain when or whether our products, services, or solutions currently under development will be launched or will be commercially successful. Any of these developments may have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. REGULATORY AND LEGAL RISKS. The FDA and equivalent global agencies tightly regulate and actively enforce the laws and regulations governing the development, authorization, and commercialization of medical devices and pharmaceutical products. We are subject to rigorous regulation governing development, product testing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, safety, quality, storage, marketing clearance or approval, advertising and promotion, import and export, sales and distribution, performance and effectiveness, and post-market surveillance. The FDA, the various competent authorities of the EU member states or other European countries that enforce the EU’s Medical Device Regulation, the EMA (for pharmaceuticals) in the EU, and the NMPA in China are the regulatory authorities affecting us most prominently with respect to the commercialization of our products, services, and solutions. There are numerous other regulatory schemes at the national and sub-national levels in other countries in which we conduct business. Regulatory premarket clearance, approval, or conformity assessment requirements may affect or delay our ability to market new offerings. The need to comply with regulations is a substantial controlling, operational, and reputational risk. A failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in governmental investigations, fines, and other sanctions, the temporary or permanent shutdown of production facilities, recalls of products, product withdrawals, revocation of marketing authorizations, disqualification from participation in healthcare activities, third-party and purported whistleblower claims, import detentions, and negative publicity, which could have adverse consequences on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. We must conduct clinical trials on humans before we commercialize certain products. Delays and complications in planned clinical trials can result in increased development costs and delays in regulatory authorizations and products reaching the market. These regulations can be burdensome and subject to change, exposing us to the risk of increased costs and business disruption. Changes to current products and labeling may also be subject to vigorous review, and approvals or the time needed to secure approvals are not certain. We are subject to regulations requiring restrictions, certification, and/or licensing of our facilities, and our facilities are subject to periodic inspections by regulatory authorities. Adverse inspection outcomes have in the past, and may in the future, impact our ability to develop, manufacture, market, or distribute certain products. We also carefully monitor the quality and performance of our products once they are distributed. We may identify problems with product design, manufacturing, labeling, distribution, or other issues that impact the safety, quality, or performance of our products. These types of issues have in the past, and could in the future, create risk to patients, clinicians, or other personnel in contact with our products and lead to product recalls, removals, replacement, servicing, or other corrective actions. This can also create risk of enforcement action by regulatory authorities, increased product liability risk, and civil or criminal claims. Regulatory scrutiny may increase in the future and could require us to change the way we operate, including the way in which we offer certain services. Regulations pertaining to our products are increasing and becoming more stringent in already regulated countries, and countries that did not previously regulate medical products are developing and implementing regulations for these products. These laws and regulations vary by jurisdiction, are complex, change frequently, and are subject to changes in interpretation and enforcement. Moreover, certain fields, such as cloud and edge computing, clinical decision support software, cybersecurity, mobile medical applications, AI, and machine learning are rapidly evolving within the industry and particularly subject to changing law and regulation. New or changing regulations can delay or otherwise adversely impact our ability to bring certain products to market. Regulatory authorities in many countries regulate the advertising and promotion of our offerings to ensure that our claims are consistent with our regulatory clearances and approvals, that there is data to substantiate the claims, and that our materials are not false or misleading. If we or any of our suppliers, channel partners, or agents fail to comply with laws and regulations related to promotional labeling and advertising and are perceived to potentially be false, misleading, or otherwise not permissible, we may face legal or regulatory actions. 26 Table of Contents Additionally, if a regulatory authority concludes that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations or that our products pose an unreasonable risk for patients, users, or others, regulatory authorities may refuse to accept or authorize regulatory filings; ban such offerings; detain or seize unadulterated or misbranded products; order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such products; or require us to notify healthcare professionals and others that the offerings present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to public health. A regulatory authority may impose operating restrictions or enjoin certain violations of applicable law pertaining to medical devices or pharmaceutical products and assess civil or criminal penalties against us. The regulatory authority may also recommend prosecution by law enforcement agencies. Any new legislation or regulation or any changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing legislation or regulation may impose significant and costly new obligations on us, which may interrupt our supply of products, delay launch of new offerings, or negatively affect our cost of doing business. Given the foregoing, future costs and liabilities relating to compliance with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. The failure to comply with the FCPA and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws globally has resulted in, and could continue to result in, civil or criminal sanctions and adversely affect our business. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 (“UKBA”), and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies from offering and making corrupt payments to or otherwise engaging in bribery of government officials. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced elevated levels of public sector corruption. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, many of our customer relationships outside of the U.S. are with governmental entities, the employees of which may be considered government officials under such laws. Many anti-corruption laws, such as the UKBA, also prohibit bribery of private sector individuals, and thus extend far beyond interactions with government officials. We also are subject to the accounting provisions of the FCPA, which require us to keep accurate books and records and to maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances of management’s control, authority, and responsibility over our assets. Non-U.S. companies, including some of our competitors, may not be subject to the provisions of the FCPA. If these competitors engage in corrupt practices, they may gain a business advantage. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more frequent voluntary self-disclosure by companies, aggressive investigations (including coordinated investigations across countries and governmental authorities) and enforcement proceedings by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental agencies, and assessment of significant civil and criminal fines, penalties, and other sanctions against companies and individuals. Companies in the healthcare sector have been a particular focus of government enforcement in recent years. We also face the r