 , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We encourage you to read those sections carefully. There may also be other factors that have not been anticipated or that are not described in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), generally because we did not believe them to be significant at the time, which could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections and expectations. All forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. SUMMARY RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks that, if realized, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Some of our more significant challenges and risks include, but are not limited to, the following, which are described in greater detail below: • If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions and products, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing solutions and products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue. • Issues in the development and deployment of artificial intelligence (“AI”) may result in reputational harm and legal liability and could adversely affect our results of operations. • Our acquisitions and divestitures create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our financial results. • Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers and expand sales to them, convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers and add new customers. • If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, if our partners choose not to market and sell our solutions to their customers, or if we have an adverse change in our relationships with key third-party partners, service providers or vendors, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. • Changes in industry structure and market conditions have and may continue to lead to charges related to discontinuance of certain of our products or businesses and asset impairments. • Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our operating results and require increased time and attention of our management. • Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace. • If the information provided to us by customers or other third parties is incorrect or fraudulent, we may misjudge a customer’s qualifications to receive our products and services and our results of operations may be harmed and could subject us to regulatory scrutiny or penalties. • Our solutions, systems, websites and the data on these sources have been in the past and may continue to be subject to cybersecurity events that could materially harm our reputation and future sales. • We collect, use, disclose, store or otherwise process personal information and other sensitive data, which is subject to stringent and changing state and federal laws and regulations. • Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our products and services, which could harm our business. 4 Table of Contents • We are dependent upon Broadcom for certain engineering and threat response services, which are critical to many of our products and business. • If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our customer satisfaction may suffer and have a negative impact on our business and reputation. • Our solutions are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems and configurations, which could result in failures of our solutions to function as designed. • Negative publicity regarding our brand, solutions and business could harm our competitive position. • Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by sustainability and governance matters and/or our reporting of such matters. • We are affected by seasonality, which may impact our revenue and results of operations. • Our solutions are highly regulated and the legal and regulatory regimes governing certain of our products and services are uncertain and evolving, which could impede our ability to market and provide our solutions or adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. • The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies and digital assets is uncertain, and new laws, regulations or policies, including licensing laws, may alter our business practices with respect to digital assets. • If we do not protect our proprietary information and prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our products and technology, our financial results could be harmed. • From time to time we are party to lawsuits and investigations which has previously and could in the future require significant management time and attention, cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products. • Third parties have claimed and additional third parties in the future may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. • Some of our products contain “open source” software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business. • There are risks associated with our outstanding and future indebtedness that could adversely affect our financial condition. • Our Amended Credit Agreement imposes operating and financial restrictions on us. • We may be unsuccessful in managing the effects of changes in the cost of capital on our business. • The failure of financial institutions or transactional counterparties could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and result of operations. • If our existing funding arrangements are not renewed or replaced or our existing funding sources are unwilling or unable to provide funding to us on terms acceptable to us, or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Hedging or other mitigation actions to mitigate against interest rate exposure may adversely affect our earnings, limit our gains or result in losses, which could adversely affect cash available for distributions. • Adverse macroeconomic conditions and government efforts to combat inflation, along with other interest rate pressures, have led to and may continue to lead to higher financing costs and may particularly have negative effects on the consumer finance industry and our MoneyLion business. • Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results have affected the trading price of our stock in the past and could affect the trading price of our stock in the future. • We may be required to issue shares under our contingent value rights agreement with certain former holders. • Changes to our effective tax rate could increase our income tax expense and reduce (increase) our net income (loss), cash flows and working capital and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. • We could be obligated to pay additional taxes in various jurisdiction, which would harm our results of operations. • Our ability to use our deferred tax assets to offset future taxable income may be limited. The above list is not exhaustive, and we face additional challenges and risks. Please carefully consider all of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the matters set forth below in this Part I, Item 1A. 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Purpose and Mission Purpose: Powering Digital Freedom. Mission: We create innovative and easy-to-use technology solutions that help people grow, manage and secure their digital and financial lives. Our Values Protecting people is what inspires us, and our people are at the core of what we do. We seek to attract talent that embraces the following values: • Customer Driven. Community Minded. We are customer obsessed and drive positive impact. • Think Big. Be Bold. We embrace change and innovate fearlessly. • Be Scrappy. Make it Happen. Big or small, we get things done irrespective of title or role. • Play to Win. Together. We win for our customers, with passion and integrity. Company Overview Gen is a global company powering Digital Freedom with a family of trusted brands including Norton, Avast, LifeLock and more. We bring award-winning products and services in cyber safety, covering security, privacy, identity protection and financial wellness to approximately 500 million users in more than 150 countries, empowering them to live their digital lives safely, privately, and confidently today and for generations to come. Today’s world is increasingly digital, and this has changed the way we live our lives every day. The last decade has brought increasingly impressive technological advances that have unlocked new ways to play and transact online, control smart homes, manage our life and more. The possibilities in the digital world will continue to unlock new possibilities. However, as our digital footprint expands, so do the risks and exposure. Cybercriminals use a mix of old and new tactics and technologies, including phishing, vishing, smishing, based on machine learning and generative artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, to execute highly advanced threats and attacks. We are our customers’ trusted ally that they can depend on to help secure and control their digital lives so they can be free to enjoy the promise of the digital world. We are committed more than ever to protecting and empowering people’s digital lives with personalized, human-centered safety. We are well-positioned to drive awareness of cyber safety for individuals, families, and small businesses, fueled by an increasingly connected world. We maintain a global, omni-channel sales approach, including direct, indirect and freemium acquisition and a family of brands marketing program. This program is designed to grow our customer base by increasing brand awareness and understanding of our products and services and maximizing our global reach to prospective customers. We help prevent, detect and restore potential damages caused by cybercriminals. We also make it easy for consumers to find, buy and use our products and services. To this end, we offer both free and paid subscription-based cyber safety solutions primarily direct-to-consumer through our family of brands and indirectly through partner relationships. Most of our subscriptions are offered on annual terms, but we also provide monthly subscriptions. As of March 28, 2025, we have approximately 500 million total users, which come from direct, indirect and freemium channels. Of these total users, we have approximately 65 million paid cyber safety customers including over 40 million direct customers with whom we have a direct billing relationship. • Direct-to-consumer channel: We use advertising to elevate our family of brands, attract new customers and generate significant demand for our services. Our direct subscriptions are primarily sold through our e-commerce platform and mobile apps, and we have a direct billing relationship with the majority of these customers. • Indirect partner distribution channels: We use strategic and affiliate partner distribution channels to refer prospective customers to us and expand our reach to our partners’ and affiliates’ customer bases. We developed and implemented a global partner sales organization that targets new, as well as existing, partners to enhance our partner distribution channels. These channels include retailers, telecom service providers, hardware original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), employee benefit providers, strategic partners, small offices, home offices and very small businesses. Physical retail and OEM partners represent a small portion of our distribution, which minimizes the impact of supply chain disruptions. • Freemium channels: With the acquisitions of Avast and Avira, we have expanded our go-to-market with multiple freemium channels. We use free versions of our products to reach the broadest set of consumers globally and bring cyber safety to a larger audience, especially in international markets. The free solution offers a baseline of protection and presents premium functionalities based on the risk profile and specific needs of the user. The user can choose to add specific premium solutions or upgrade to suites that provide security, identity, and privacy across multiple platforms and devices, thereby becoming a paid customer. 6 Table of Contents Seasonality As is typical for many consumer technology companies, portions of our business are impacted by seasonality. However, we believe the net impact on our business is limited. Seasonal behavior in orders primarily reflects consumer spending patterns during our fiscal third and fourth quarters, as order volume is generally higher due to the holidays in our third quarter, as well as due to follow-on holiday purchases and the U.S. tax filing season which is in our fourth quarter. Revenue generally reflects similar seasonal patterns but to a lesser extent than orders because of our subscription business model, as the majority of our in-period revenues are recognized ratably from our deferred revenue balance. Our Strategy Our strategy is focused on long-term profitable growth. To fuel our growth, our consumer-centric strategy is to provide comprehensive and easy-to-use integrated platforms, which we have built in-house or acquired. By combining and leveraging our family of trusted consumer brands, including offerings from Norton, Avast, LifeLock and more, we deliver an industry-leading cyber safety and trust-based solutions. We are positioned for long-term growth and expansion. Our three primary growth levers are: 1. Extending Reach: Leveraging an omni-channel strategy and building partnerships to broaden privacy and identity protection internationally. 2. Increasing Value: Cross-selling and up-selling, and expanding security, identity and privacy solutions to address consumers’ evolving needs. 3. Growing Loyalty: Increase customer loyalty and retention, as consumers move from point products protecting their devices towards all-in-one comprehensive cyber safety memberships. The key elements of our strategy include the following: • Extend our leadership position through new products and continued enhancement of our trust-based solutions and services: Cyber safety is a large and expanding market, which we believe provides a significant growth opportunity. Our strategy is to grow our business through innovation and acquisitions to expand the solutions and services we offer into new cohorts, territories and sectors. We believe there are many additional areas where we can both offer new solutions, as well as use our core capabilities and our integrated platform to reach new customers and markets globally. • Grow our customer base through multiple channels: We have multiple go-to-market channels to reach new customers globally, including direct-to-customer, indirect partnerships and freemium. We intend to leverage our expertise in digital marketing, as well as existing and new strategic partnerships, to grow our customer base. We believe that continued investments in these areas, as well as our product offerings and infrastructure, will allow us to further enhance our leading brands and superior products, increase awareness of our consumer services and enhance our ability to efficiently acquire new customers. • Continue our focus on customer retention: We continue to optimize and expand the value we provide to customers which we believe can positively impact retention. We aim to continue to increase customer engagements through actionable alerts, education on timely topics and introducing new product capabilities. We also plan to continue investing in enhancing both desktop and mobile customer experiences throughout a customer’s journey with Gen, from purchase, to onboarding and beyond. • Increase value to existing customers: We believe strong customer satisfaction will provide us with the opportunity to engage customers in new services offerings. We maintain the Norton 360 and Avast One platforms that have multiple tiers of membership, and we continue to engage customers with standalone products to offer membership options and show the value proposition of our premium solutions. Over time, we plan to drive further growth as we add additional offerings and services for our customers. • Draw strength from our world-class customer service support: Our global support team seeks to ensure the voice of the consumer is heard and that we put our customers first. We leverage frequent communication and feedback from our customers to continually improve our solutions and services. We embrace end-to-end customer experience and aim to continue to improve our Net Promoter Scores and overall customer satisfaction. • Leverage our global brands to drive growth: We will work to keep building our family of trusted brands in markets globally as we strive to bring protection and empowerment to all consumers when it comes to their digital lives. According to our most recent research, Norton has 93% global brand awareness, and we are best positioned and top of mind in consumer cyber safety, according to the internal H1 2025 Gen Brand Tracker. Our Cyber Safety Solutions and Services Our broad portfolio of products and services is developed from consumer insights to help us bring to market real solutions to real problems and to engage and educate consumers about cyber safety. We continuously aim to release new products and features to outpace evolving threats and find synergies to integrate current and future technology acquisitions. Our cyber safety portfolio provides protection across three key categories in multiple channels and geographies, including security and performance, identity protection, and online privacy. Leveraging our technology platforms, we integrate software and service capabilities within these three categories into comprehensive and easy-to-use products and solutions across our brands. 7 Table of Contents We have also evolved beyond traditional cyber safety to offer adjacent trust-based solutions, including digital identity and access management, digital reputation, and restoration support services. We protect and empower consumers by providing solutions and services in two main ways: • Comprehensive membership plans: Providing a comprehensive and all-in-one cyber safety portfolio of solutions for a membership fee. Plans are offered through Norton 360 and Avast One subscriptions, with both brands providing multiple levels of membership tiers that range from basic, mid-level, or premium tiers where identity theft and online privacy features are included. • Point solutions: Providing individual, stand-alone products and services in security, identity and privacy, offering flexibility for consumers to choose between free or paid solutions. These products solve for a specific need, when you need it, and can add on to the value you already have. Please see below for our full set of products by category. We are well positioned across three key cyber safety categories: • Security and Performance (Norton, Avast, Avira, AVG, and CCleaner offerings): Our offerings provide real-time threat protection for PCs, Macs and mobile devices against malware, viruses, adware, ransomware and other online emerging threats. These offerings monitor and block unauthorized traffic from the internet to the device to help protect private and sensitive information when customers are online. Additionally, our all-in-one cybersecurity solutions help small business owners safeguard their team’s online activities, devices and customer data. Scams have also continued to become more prevalent and sophisticated and we offer a range of AI-powered features integrated into Norton Cyber Safety products to provide always-on protection from today’s most sophisticated scams across phone calls, texts, emails, and websites. Norton Scam Protection and Scam Protection Pro utilize Norton Genie AI engine to analyze the meaning of words, not just links, helping to stop hidden scam patterns that even the most careful person can miss. We also provide performance and optimization software solutions that free up space on devices, clear online tracking and help machines run faster. • Identity Protection (U.S.: LifeLock Identity Theft Protection, Avast and AVG Secure Identity; International: Norton Identity Theft Protection, Dark Web Monitoring): In the U.S., we offer Identity Theft protection as part of our LifeLock, Avast and AVG brands. All three products include monitoring of credit reports, the dark web and social media accounts to help safeguard our customers’ personal information. The LifeLock product also offers monitoring of financial accounts. In the event of identity theft, we assign an Identity Restoration Specialist to work directly with customers to help restore their identities, and all plans include reimbursements for losses and expenses incurred ranging up to $3 million. Outside the U.S., we offer Norton and have expanded Avast and AVG branded plans to additional regions. Plans include dark web monitoring in over 50 countries and monitoring of credit, social media and financial accounts, restoration support and identity theft insurance in select countries. • Online Privacy (VPN, multiple personal data protection products, ReputationDefender): Our virtual private network (VPN) solutions offered through the Norton, Avast and AVG brands enhance security and online privacy by providing an encrypted data tunnel. This allows customers to securely transmit and access private information, such as passwords, bank details and credit card numbers, when using public Wi-Fi on PCs, Macs, and mobile iOS and Android devices. We offer a variety of solutions under the Norton and Avast brands to protect customers’ data either by keeping data anonymous while browsing online through our AntiTrack and Secure Browser products or helping customers remove data from public data broker sites through our Privacy Monitor Assistant and BreachGuard products. Norton offers a three-tiered VPN with advanced privacy and malware protection as well as AI-powered protection against sophisticated cyber threats, including scams and phishing attacks. ReputationDefender is a white glove service that helps customers manage all aspects of their personal branding online, including search results, social media sites and overall web presence. Innovation, Research and Development Gen has a long history of innovation, and we plan to continue to invest in research and development to drive our long-term success. As cyber threats evolve, we are focused on delivering a portfolio that protects each element of our customers’ digital lives. To do this, we engage and listen to our customers, and we embrace innovation by deploying a global research and development strategy across our cyber safety platform. Our engineering and product management teams are focused on delivering new versions of existing offerings, as well as developing entirely new offerings to drive the company’s global leadership in cyber safety. We are committed to our innovation and research and development efforts. The Technology team at Gen is driving the company’s future technologies and innovation and helping guide the consumer cybersecurity industry. Our global technology research organization is focused on applied research projects, with the goal of rapidly creating new products to address consumer trends and grow the business, including defending consumer digital privacy and identity. We also have a global threat response and security technology organization that is comprised of our dedicated team of threat and security researchers, supported by advanced systems to innovate security technology and threat intelligence. We have one of the world’s largest consumer cyber safety networks. Leveraging our capabilities, our global threat response team handles a wide variety of attacks, including social engineering attacks, file-based attacks, web and network-based attacks, privacy and data exfiltration attacks, identity theft attacks, algorithmic manipulation attacks, and more. 8 Table of Contents Our differentiated approach is powered by our global scale and visibility, geographically distributed cloud data platform, and advanced AI-based automation. Industry Overview Cyber safety is a growing market, fueled by the increase in activities online over the years as well as expected growth in the years ahead. The core markets that we participate in are security, identity and privacy. We believe the cyber safety market will continue to expand beyond these core markets and grow significantly, driven by the increasing number of people globally connected to the internet and their expanding digital lives. The cyber threat landscape is larger and more complicated than ever before, exposing consumers to an increased risk to their digital lives. The digitization of the world and the overlap between the physical and digital world are growing at a fast pace. New technologies, smart devices, digital identities and an increasingly more connected world mean consumers will encounter a range of new cyber safety challenges. Consumer demands and behaviors are rapidly changing and driving more activities online, from shopping, socializing, working, banking, to other activities in healthcare, entertainment and so much more. Almost every aspect of a person’s life has a digital component. Unfortunately, many of those activities are left unprotected, and attackers are exploiting this larger opportunity and the inherent security and privacy vulnerabilities. Cybercriminals have not only expanded their reach, but the sophistication of digital threats and attacks are becoming increasingly more realistic and believable. The advancement of AI and large language model (LLM) technology is a key driver of this increased risk. Cybercrime, and the ways in which cybercriminals target consumers, continue to evolve along with behaviors and technology. Cybercrime encompasses any crime committed with devices over the internet and includes crimes where (i) malicious software or unauthorized access is detected on a device, network or online account (such as email, social media, online banking, digital assets, online retail, gaming, online entertainment, etc.), and unauthorized access or connection to cloud service accounts; (ii) an individual is digitally victimized through a data breach, cyber theft, cyber extortion, or fraud (stolen personally identifiable information, identity theft, etc.); (iii) online stalking, bullying, or harassment is inflicted; or (iv) attacks related to privacy or disinformation (such as online tracking protection, identity impersonation, disinformation on social media, deepfakes, unsecured WiFi, EvilTwin attacks, etc.). Competitive Landscape We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment. We face global competition from a broad range of companies, including software vendors focusing on cyber safety solutions, operating system providers such as Apple, Google and Microsoft, and ‘pure play’ companies that currently specialize in one or a few particular segments of the market (many of which are expanding their product portfolios into different segments). We believe the competitive factors in our market include innovation, access to a breadth of identity and consumer transaction data, broad and effective service offerings, brand recognition, technology, effective and cost-efficient customer acquisition, strong retention rate, customer satisfaction, price, convenience of purchase, ease of use, frequency of upgrades and updates and quality and reliable customer service. Our competitors may vary by offering, geography, business model and channel. Our principal competitors are set forth below: • Security: Our principal competitors in this segment include Apple, Bitdefender, ESET, F-Secure, Google, Kaspersky, Malwarebytes, McAfee, Microsoft, Trend Micro, and Webroot. • Identity Protection: Our principal competitors in this segment include credit bureaus such as Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, as well as certain credit monitoring and identity theft protection solutions from others such as Allstate, Aura, Generali (Iris), Intuit (Credit Karma) and Microsoft. • Online Privacy: Our principal competitors in this segment include Apple, Aura, Brave, DuckDuckGo, IPVanish, Kape, Mozilla and Nord Security. • Other Competitors: In addition to competition from independent software vendors such as Bitdefender, Kaspersky, McAfee and Trend Micro, and from OS providers such as Apple, Google and Microsoft, we also face competition from other companies that currently focus on one or a few cyber safety or adjacent segments but are developing additional competing products and expanding their portfolios into new segments, such as ‘pure play’ companies including but not limited to, 1Password, Bark, Dashlane, LastPass, Life360, Proton, and Truecaller, internet service providers, big tech platform providers, insurance companies and financial service organizations. We believe we compete favorably with our competitors on the strength of our technology, people, product offerings and presence in all of the current key cyber safety categories. However, some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution or other resources than we do, including in new cyber safety and digital life segments we may enter, which consequently affords them competitive advantages. As a result, they may be able to devote greater resources to develop, promote and sell their offerings; deliver competitive offerings at lower prices or for free; and introduce new solutions and respond to market developments and customer requirements and preferences more quickly or cost effectively than we can. In addition, for individual solutions or features, smaller, well-funded competitors may be able to innovate and adapt more nimbly to the dynamic nature of the market and shifting consumer needs. For more information on the risks associated with our competitors, please see “Risk Factors” – Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry – “We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue” and “We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully,” in Item 1A included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 9 Table of Contents Human Capital Management At Gen, our mission is to build a comprehensive and easy-to-use integrated portfolio that prevents, detects and responds to cyber threats and cybercrimes in today’s digital world. Our success in helping achieve this mission depends, in large part, on the success of our employees. • General Employee Demographics: As of March 28, 2025, we employed just under 3,500 team members in over 20 countries worldwide. With dual headquarters in Tempe, Arizona, and in Prague, Czech Republic, we have over 1,000 active employees located in the U.S. and nearly 900 active employees in the Czech Republic. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. • Employee Development and Training: Our people programs are designed to provide our team members with support, resources, and opportunities they need to grow, learn and thrive in their careers. We continued to focus on learning and development in fiscal 2025, investing further in digital learning via our Learn@Gen program for all employees. Leveraging an extensive breadth of content and learning opportunities, this umbrella of offerings includes LinkedIn Learning catalog, Gen Mentorship, Academics and leadership trainings. • Employee Engagement: We value our people and are committed to creating a positive and fulfilling experience for everyone. Feedback from our employees is critical, and we have developed an ongoing dialogue with our teams via our Engage pulse survey on a targeted topic that drives actions and improvements. • Benefits, Health and Wellness: At Gen, we value our people and are committed to creating a positive and fulfilling experience for everyone through the programs and benefits we offer. Our employee value proposition, Life@Gen is centered on choice, flexibility and growth and encompasses the many elements of our employee experience. Our commitment to overall health and wellness is centered around having an integrated and equitable wellness program that supports body, mind and financial health. • Human Capital Governance: We partner closely with our Board of Directors and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee on executive compensation, our broader reward strategies and objectives related to talent management, talent acquisition, leadership development, retention and succession, and employee engagement. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property (IP) is an important and vital asset that enables us to develop, market, and sell our software products and services and enhance our competitive position. We are a leader among consumer cyber safety solutions in pursuing patents and currently have a portfolio of over 1,000 U.S. and international patents issued with many additional patents pending. We protect our intellectual property rights and investments in a variety of ways to safeguard our technologies and our long-term success. Our IP portfolio is spread across different entities and in multiple countries. As we continue to expand our international operations, we have developed a strategy to ensure global distribution of our IP aligns with our long-term strategic objectives, business model, and goals. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of copyright, trademark, trade secret and other protections that apply to our software products and services. The term of the patents we hold is, on average, in excess of ten years. From time to time, we enter into cross-license agreements with other technology companies covering broad groups of patents; we have an additional portfolio of over 2,000 U.S. and international patents cross-licensed to us as part of our arrangement with Broadcom as a result of the asset sale of our former Enterprise Security business. We also use software from third parties in our business and generally must rely on those third parties to protect the licensed rights. This can include open source software, which is subject to limited proprietary rights. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, services, and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. The ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights is important to our success, but we believe our business is not materially dependent on any individual patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, license, or other intellectual property right. However, circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available, and the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. In addition, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. In addition, a large number of patents, copyrights and trademarks are owned by other companies in the technology industry. Those companies may request license agreements, threaten litigation, or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. For more information on the risks associated with our intellectual property, please see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Governmental Regulation We collect, use, store or disclose an increasingly high volume, and variety of personal information, including from employees and customers, in connection with the operation of our business, particularly, in relation to our identity and information protection offerings, which rely on large data repositories of personal information and consumer transactions. The personal information we process is subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local and foreign laws regarding privacy and data security. 10 Table of Contents For information on the risks associated with complying with privacy and data security laws, please see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Our internet homepage is located at GenDigital.com . We make available our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC on our investor relations website located at Investor.GenDigital.com . We also use our website as a tool to disclose important information about the company and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. The information contained, or referred to, on our website, including in any reports that are posted on our website, is not part of this annual report unless expressly noted. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our filings at http://www.sec.gov . Item 1A. Risk Factors A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Legal Proceedings, and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” The list is not exhaustive, and you should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our common stock. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY AND INDUSTRY If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing solutions, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our future success depends on our ability to effectively respond to evolving threats to consumers, as well as competitive technological developments and industry changes, by developing or introducing new and enhanced solutions and products on a timely basis. In the past, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant research and development expenses as we focus on organic growth through internal innovation. We believe that we must continue to dedicate significant resources to our research and development efforts to deliver innovative market competitive products and avoid being reliant on third-party technology and products. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these research and development investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. We must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments. Customers may require features and capabilities that our current solutions do not have. Our failure to develop new solutions and improve our existing solutions to satisfy customer preferences and effectively compete with other market offerings in a timely and cost-effective manner may harm our ability to retain our customers and attract new customers. For example, the process of developing and integrating new technologies, including generative artificial intelligence (“Gen AI”) and machine learning models, is complex, time-consuming and may cause errors or inadequacies that are not easily detectable. As we integrate more Gen AI technology into our platform to improve the experience of our users and meet the demands of our customers, it may result in unintentional or unexpected outputs that are incorrect or biased and cause customer dissatisfaction or subject us to lawsuits, reputational harm and increased regulatory scrutiny. The development and introduction of new solutions involve significant commitments of time and resources and are subject to risks and challenges including but not limited to: • Lengthy development cycles; • Evolving industry and regulatory standards and technological developments, including AI and machine learning, by our competitors and customers; • Rapidly changing customer preferences and accurately anticipating technological trends or needs; • Evolving platforms, operating systems, and hardware products, such as mobile devices; • Product and service interoperability challenges with customer’s technology and third-party vendors; • The integration of products and solutions from acquired companies; • Availability of engineering and technical talent; • Entering new or unproven market segments; • New and evolving regulation; and • Executing new product and service strategies. In addition, third parties, including, but not limited to, operating systems and internet browser companies, have in the past and may in the future limit the interoperability of our solutions with their own products and services, in some cases to promote their own offerings or those of our competitors. Any such actions by third parties could delay the development of our solutions and products or our solutions and products may be unable to operate effectively. This could also result in decreased demand for our solutions and products, decreased revenue, harm to our reputation, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 11 Table of Contents If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, or if our new or improved solutions or products are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue. We operate in intensely competitive and dynamic markets that experience frequent and rapid technological developments, changes in industry and regulatory standards, evolving market trends, changes in customer requirements and preferences, and frequent new product introductions and improvements. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these continually evolving conditions, we could experience a loss of market share and a reduction in our revenues, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. To compete successfully, we must maintain an innovative research and development effort to develop new solutions and products and enhance our existing solutions and products, and effectively adapt to changes in the technology, financial technology, privacy and data protection standards or trends. We face competition from a broad range of companies, including software vendors focusing on cyber safety solutions such as Bitdefender, Kaspersky, McAfee and Trend Micro, operating system providers such as Apple, Google and Microsoft, and companies such as Nord, Life360, LastPass and others that currently specialize in one or a few particular segments of the market and many of which are expanding their product portfolios into different segments. We also face growing competition from other technology companies, as well as from companies in the identity threat protection space such as credit bureaus. Further, many of our competitors are increasingly developing and incorporating into their products data protection software and other competing cyber safety products, such as antivirus protection or VPN, often free of charge, that compete with our offerings. Our competitive position could be adversely affected by the functionality incorporated into these products rendering our existing solutions obsolete and therefore causing us to fail to meet customer expectations. For our MoneyLion business, we face competition from a broad range of companies across our business lines, including traditional banks and credit unions; new entrants obtaining banking licenses; non-bank digital providers offering banking-related services; specialty finance and other non-bank digital providers offering consumer lending-related or earned wage access products; digital wealth management platforms such as robo-advisors offering consumer investment services and other brokerage-related services; and digital financial platform, embedded finance and marketplace competitors, which aggregate and connect consumers to financial product and service offerings. We also compete with advertising agencies and other service providers to attract marketing budget spending from our Enterprise clients. We expect our competition to continue to increase, as there are generally no substantial barriers to entry to the markets we serve. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to financial services products similar to ours, significantly greater resources and a larger customer base than we do. This allows them, among other things, to potentially offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of financial or other products or a more specialized set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in consumer preferences. In addition, the introduction of new products or services by existing or future competitors, and/or market acceptance of products or services based on emerging or alternative technologies, could make it easier for other products or services to compete with our solutions and reduce our market share in the future. Further consolidation among our competitors and within our industry or, in addition to other changes in the competitive environment, such as greater vertical integration from key computing and operating system suppliers could result in larger competitors that compete more frequently with us. Specifically, in addition to competing with cyber safety vendors directly for sales to end-users of our solutions, we compete with them for the opportunity to have our solutions bundled with the offerings of our strategic partners, such as computer hardware OEMs, internet service providers, operating systems and telecom service providers. Our competitors could gain market share from us if any of these strategic partners replace our solutions with those of our competitors or with their own solutions or promote our competitors’ solutions or their own solutions more frequently or more favorably than our solutions. In addition, software vendors who have bundled our solutions with theirs may choose to bundle their solutions with their own or other vendors’ solutions or may limit our access to standard interfaces and inhibit our ability to develop solutions for their platform. Further product development by these vendors could cause our solutions to become redundant, which could significantly impact our sales and operating results. We cannot be sure that we will accurately predict how the markets in which we compete or intend to compete will evolve. Failure on our part to anticipate changes in our markets and to develop solutions and enhancements that meet the demands of those markets or to effectively compete against our competitors will significantly impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Issues in the development and deployment of artificial intelligence (“AI”) may result in reputational harm and legal liability and could adversely affect our results of operations. We have incorporated, and are continuing to develop and deploy, AI, including Gen AI, into many of our products, solutions and services. AI presents challenges and risks that could affect our products, solutions and services, and therefore our business. For example, AI algorithms may be flawed, insufficient, of poor quality, reflect unwanted forms of bias, or contain other errors or inadequacies, any of which may not be easily detectable; AI has been known to produce false or “hallucinatory” inferences or outputs; AI can present ethical issues and may subject us to new or heightened legal, regulatory, ethical, or other challenges, including issues relating to discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, violation of rights of publicity, inability to assert ownership of inventions and works of authorship, loss of trade secrets, defamation, data privacy and 12 Table of Contents cybersecurity; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by developers and end-users, or other factors adversely affecting public opinion of AI, could impair the acceptance of AI solutions, including those incorporated in our products and services. If the AI solutions that we create or use are deficient, inaccurate or controversial, we could incur operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and financial results. In addition, if we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material or content on which our AI tools rely, we also may incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, third-party intellectual property, privacy or other rights, or contracts to which we are a party. The use or adoption of AI technologies in our products may also result in exposure to claims by third parties of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation, which may require us to pay compensation or license fees to third parties. For example, the large datasets used to train Gen AI technologies or output generated by Gen AI technologies may contain materials that may subject us to third-party claims of intellectual property infringement or violations of rights of publicity. This risk is exacerbated with respect to our use of third-party Gen AI technologies, as it can be very difficult, if not impossible, to validate the processes used by third-party Gen AI technology providers in their collection and use of training data or the algorithm to produce outputs. In addition, regulation of Gen AI is rapidly evolving worldwide as legislators and regulators are increasingly focused on these powerful emerging technologies. The technologies underlying Gen AI and its uses are currently subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including intellectual property, privacy, data protection and information security, consumer protection, competition, and equal opportunity laws, and are expected to be subject to increased regulation and new laws or new applications of existing laws and regulations. Gen AI is the subject of ongoing review by various U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies, and various U.S. states and other foreign jurisdictions are applying, or are considering applying, their platform moderation, cybersecurity, and data protection laws and regulations to Gen AI or are considering general legal frameworks for Gen AI. For example, the EU AI Act, which came into force on August 1, 2024, will generally become fully applicable after a two-year transitional period, with certain obligations taking effect at an earlier or later time. The EU AI Act introduces various requirements for AI systems and models placed on the market or put into service in the EU, including specific transparency and other requirements for general purpose AI systems and the models on which they are based. In addition, several U.S. states are considering enacting or have already enacted regulations concerning the use of AI technologies. At the federal and state level, there have been various proposals (and in some cases laws enacted) addressing “deepfakes” and other AI-generated synthetic media. Furthermore, because AI technology itself is highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to the use of AI. The rapid evolution of AI, including potential government regulation of AI, requires us to invest significant resources to develop, test, and maintain AI in our products and services in a manner that meets evolving requirements and expectations and we may need to expend resources to adjust our offerings in certain jurisdictions if the legal frameworks are inconsistent across jurisdictions. Developing, testing, and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. Our acquisitions and divestitures create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our financial results. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or divest businesses or assets. For example, in 2019, we completed the sale of certain of our enterprise security assets to Broadcom Inc. (the Broadcom sale), in January 2021, we completed the acquisition of Avira, in September 2022, we completed the acquisition of Avast, and in April 2025, we completed the acquisition of MoneyLion. Our acquisition and divestiture activities have and may continue to involve a number of risks and challenges, including: • Complexity, time and costs associated with managing these transactions, including the integration of acquired and the winding down of divested business operations, workforce, products, services, IT systems and technologies; • Challenges in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies within the combined organization; • Challenges in retaining the customers of acquired businesses, providing the same level of service to existing customers with reduced resources, or retaining the third-party relationships, including with suppliers, service providers, and vendors, among others; • Diversion of management time and attention; • Loss or termination of employees, including costs and potential institutional knowledge loss associated with the termination or replacement of those employees; • Assumption of liabilities of the acquired and divested business or assets, including pending or future litigation, investigations or claims related to the acquired business or assets; • Addition of acquisition-related debt; • Difficulty entering into or expanding in new markets or geographies; • Increased or unexpected costs and working capital requirements; • Dilution of stock ownership of existing stockholders; • Ongoing contractual obligations and unanticipated delays or failure to meet contractual obligations; • Regulatory risks, including remaining in good standing with existing regulatory bodies or receiving any necessary approvals, as well as being subject to new regulators with oversight over an acquired business; 13 Table of Contents • Substantial accounting charges for acquisition-related costs, asset impairments, amortization of intangible assets and higher levels of stock-based compensation expense; and • Difficulty in realizing potential benefits, including cost savings and operational efficiencies, synergies and growth prospects from integrating acquired businesses. We may not be able to identify appropriate business opportunities that benefit our business strategy or otherwise satisfy our criteria to undertake such opportunities. Even if we do identify potential strategic transactions, we may not be successful in negotiating favorable terms in a timely manner or at all or in consummating the transaction, and even if we do consummate such a transaction, it may not generate sufficient revenue to offset the associated costs, may not otherwise result in the intended benefits or may result in unexpected difficulties and risks. Macroeconomic factors, such as fluctuating tariffs, trade wars. high inflation, high interest rates, and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and capital markets could negatively influence our future acquisition opportunities. Moreover, to be successful, large complex acquisitions depend on large-scale product, technology, and sales force integrations that are difficult to complete on a timely basis or at all and may be more susceptible to the special risks and challenges described above. Any of the foregoing, and other factors, could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability or other financial benefits from our acquired or divested businesses, product lines or assets or to realize other anticipated benefits of divestitures or acquisitions. Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers and expand sales to them, convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers and add new customers. It is important to our cyber and financial technology businesses that we retain existing customers and that our customers expand their use of our solutions and products over time. If our efforts to sell additional functionality, products and services to our customers and clients are not successful, our business and growth prospects would suffer. Customers may choose not to renew their membership with us at any time and may stop utilizing our products that generate us revenue from transaction, interchange or transfer fees, among others. For our solutions sold to customers on a monthly or annual subscription basis, renewing customers may require additional incentives to renew, may not renew for the same contract period, or may change their subscriptions. We therefore may be unable to retain our existing customers on the same or more profitable terms, if at all. In addition, we may not be able to accurately predict or anticipate future trends in customer retention or effectively respond to such trends. Our customer retention rates may decline or fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including the following: • Our customers’ levels of satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our solutions and the value they place on our solutions; • The quality, breadth, and prices of our solutions, including solutions offered in emerging markets; • Our general reputation and events impacting that reputation; • The services and related pricing offered by our competitors; including increasing the availability and efficacy of free solutions; • Increases in costs we incur and may pass on to our customers in order to offer our products or services; • Disruption by new services or changes in law or regulations that impact the need for or efficacy of our products and services; • Changes in auto-renewal and other consumer protection regulations; • Our customers’ dissatisfaction with our efforts to market additional products and services; • Our customer service and responsiveness to the needs of our customers; • Changes in our target customers’ spending levels as a result of general economic conditions, inflationary pressures or other factors; and • The quality and efficacy of our third-party partners who assist us in renewing customers’ subscriptions. Declining customer retention rates could cause our revenue to grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our operating results, gross margins and business will be harmed. In addition, our ability to generate revenue and maintain or improve our results of operations partly depends on our ability to cross-sell our solutions to our existing customers and to convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers and add new customers. We may not be successful in cross selling our solutions because our customers may find our additional solutions unnecessary or unattractive. Our failure to sell additional solutions to our existing customers, failure to convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers or add new customers could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. An important part of our growth strategy involves continued investment in direct marketing efforts, indirect partner distribution channels, expanding enterprise partner relationships, freemium channels, our sales force, and infrastructure to add new customers. The number and rate at which new customers purchase our products and services depends on a number of factors, including those outside of our control, such as customers’ perceived need for our solutions and products, competition, general economic conditions, market transitions, product obsolescence, technological change, public awareness of security threats to IT systems, macroeconomic conditions, and other factors. New customers, if any, may subscribe or renew their subscriptions, or utilize our products and solutions, at lower rates than we have experienced in the past, introducing uncertainty about their economic attractiveness and potentially impacting our financial results. 14 Table of Contents Additionally, there are inherent challenges in measuring the usage of our products and solutions across our brands, platforms, regions, and internal systems, and therefore, calculation methodologies for direct customer counts may differ, which may impact our ability to measure the addition of new customers and our understanding of certain details of our business. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require judgment and are also susceptible to algorithms or other technical errors. From time to time, we review our metrics and may discover inaccuracies or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in adjustments to our historical metrics. Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require us to apply different methodologies for such adjustments. If investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. The intense competition we face, in addition to general and economic business conditions (including rising government debt levels, potential government policy shifts, changing U.S. consumer spending patterns, economic volatility, bank failures, fluctuating tariff rates, trade wars, and high inflation and interest rates, among other things), may put pressure on us to change our pricing practices. In particular, the ongoing global conflicts could amplify disruptions to the financial and credit markets, increase risks of an information security or operational technology incident, cause cost fluctuations to us or third parties upon which we rely and increase costs to ensure compliance with global and local laws and regulations. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain solutions, provide offerings, or offer free introductory products that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and may be unable to retain current customers and clients or attract new customers and clients at consistent prices within our operating budget. Or we may need to lower our prices or offer similar free introductory products to compete successfully. Similarly, if external factors, such as economic conditions, market trends, or business combinations require us to raise our prices, our ability to acquire new customers and retain existing customers may be diminished. Any such changes may reduce revenue and margins and could adversely affect our financial results. Additionally, changes in the macroeconomic environment have previously and may continue to affect our business. Our solutions are discretionary purchases, and customers may reduce or eliminate their discretionary spending on our solutions during a difficult macroeconomic environment. We may experience a material increase in cancellations by customers or a material reduction in our retention rate in the future, especially in the event of a prolonged recession or a worsening of current conditions as a result of trade wars, fluctuating tariff rates, inflation, changes in interest rates, government shutdowns, political developments and unrest or other macroeconomic events. We may have to lower our prices or make other changes to our pricing model to address these dynamics, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Many of Avira’s and Avast’s users are freemium subscribers, meaning they do not pay for its basic services. Much of our anticipated growth in connection with the Avira and Avast acquisitions are attributable to attracting and converting Avira’s and Avast’s freemium users to a paid subscription option. Numerous factors, however, have previously and may continue to impede our ability to attract and retain free users, convert these users into paying customers and retain them as paying customers. If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, if our partners choose not to market and sell our solutions to their customers, or if we have an adverse change in our relationships with key third-party partners, service providers or vendors, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. A portion of our revenues is derived from sales through indirect channels, including, but not limited to, distributors that sell our products to end-users and other resellers, and partners that incorporate our products into, or bundle our products with, their products. These channels involve risks, including: • Our resellers, distributors and telecom service providers are generally not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligation to market our solutions to their customers; • Our reseller and distributor agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause and our partners may terminate or renegotiate their arrangements with us and new terms may be less favorable due to competitive conditions in our markets and other factors; • Our resellers and distributors may encounter issues or have violations of applicable law or regulatory requirements or otherwise cause damage to our reputation through their actions; • Our resellers and distributors frequently market and distribute competing solutions and may, from time to time, place greater emphasis on the sale of competing solutions due to pricing, promotions and other terms offered by our competitors; • Any consolidation of electronics retailers can increase their negotiating power with respect to software providers such as us and any decline in the number of physical retailers could decrease the channels of distribution for us; • The consolidation of online sales through a small number of larger channels has been increasing, which could reduce the channels available for online distribution of our solutions; and • Sales through our partners are subject to changes in general economic conditions, strategic direction, competitive risks, and other issues that could result in fewer sales, or cause our partners to suffer financial difficulty which could delay payments to us, affecting our operating results. 15 Table of Contents If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels successfully, these channels may conflict with one another or otherwise fail to perform as we anticipate, which could reduce our sales and increase our expenses as well as weaken our competitive position. In our MoneyLion business, our success also depends in part on the delivery of qualified consumer lead inquiries and conversions to completed transactions for various financial products to Product Partners. However, the failure of our Enterprise platform to effectively connect and match consumers from our Channel Partners with product offerings from our Product Partners in a manner that results in converted customers and increased revenue for such Product Partners could cause Product Partners to cease spending marketing funds on our Enterprise platform, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to maintain or increase our Enterprise revenue. Any factors that limit the amount that our Product Partners are willing to, and do, spend on marketing or advertising with us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, during challenging macroeconomic conditions, our Product Partners may tighten underwriting standards for certain of their products, which would result in fewer opportunities for us to generate revenue from matching consumers from our Channel Partners with them. The success of our business and our ability to engage and retain customers in our platform are dependent in part on our ability to produce or acquire popular content, which in turn depends on our ability to retain content creators and rights to content for our platform. We may in the future incur increasing revenue-sharing costs to compensate content creators for producing original content. Any changes in these relationships or loss of these partners or vendors, any failure of them to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at all or if they were to cease to provide such functions for any reason, could degrade the functionality of our platform, materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services, impose additional costs or requirements or disadvantage us compared to our competitors. We also rely on relationships with third-party partners to obtain and maintain customers, and our ability to acquire new customers could be materially harmed if we are unable to enter into or maintain these relationships on terms that are commercially reasonable to us, or at all. In the event that such a third party for any reason fails to comply with legal or regulatory requirements or otherwise to perform its functions properly, our ability to conduct our business and perform other operational functions for which we currently rely on such third party will suffer, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively impacted. Changes in industry structure and market conditions have and may continue to lead to charges related to discontinuance of certain of our products or businesses and asset impairments. In response to changes in industry structure and market conditions, we have been and may continue to be required to strategically reallocate our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting certain businesses. Any decision to limit investment in or dispose of or otherwise exit businesses has and may continue to result in the recording of special charges, such as technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Our loss contingencies have and may continue to include liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel, reschedule or adjust with suppliers. Further, our estimates relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are affected by changes in real estate market conditions. Additionally, we are required to evaluate goodwill impairment on an annual basis and between annual evaluations in certain circumstances. Goodwill impairment evaluations have previously and may result in a charge to earnings. RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our operating results and require increased time and attention of our management. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from customers located outside of the United States, and we have substantial operations outside of the United States, including engineering, finance, sales and customer support. Our international operations are subject to risks in addition to those faced by our domestic operations, including: • Difficulties staffing, managing, and coordinating the activities of our geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations; • Potential loss of proprietary information due to misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws or that may not be adequately enforced; • Requirements of foreign laws and other governmental controls, including tariffs, trade barriers and labor restrictions, and related laws that reduce the flexibility of our business operations; • Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and inflationary conditions could make our solutions more expensive or could increase our costs of doing business in certain countries; • Changes in trade relations arising from policy initiatives or other political factors; • Regulations or restrictions on the use, import or export of encryption technologies that could delay or prevent the acceptance and use of encryption products and public networks for secure communications; 16 Table of Contents • Regulations or restrictions regarding the collection, processing, sharing, transfer, portability, security and storage of consumer data (including personal information), including privacy and data protection laws; • Local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibited from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations; • Central bank and other restrictions on our ability to repatriate cash from our international subsidiaries or to exchange cash in international subsidiaries into cash available for use in the United States; • Limitations on future growth or inability to maintain current levels of revenues from international sales if we do not invest sufficiently in our international operations; • Difficulties in staffing, managing and operating our international operations; • Costs and delays associated with developing software and providing support in multiple languages; • Political, social or economic unrest, war, terrorism, regional natural disasters, or export controls and trade restrictions, particularly in areas in which we have facilities and in areas where our engineering and technical development teams are based; and • Multiple and possibly overlapping tax regimes. The expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets has required and will continue to require significant management attention and financial resources. These increased costs may increase our cost of acquiring international customers, which may delay our ability to achieve profitability or reduce our profitability in the future. We also have and may continue to face pressure to lower our prices in order to compete in emerging markets, which has previously and could in the future adversely affect revenue derived from our international operations. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of existing geopolitical conflicts and other conflicts that may arise in the future, which could include geopolitical instability and uncertainty; adverse impacts on global and regional economic conditions and financial markets, including significant volatility in credit, capital, and currency markets; reduced economic activity; changes in laws and regulations affecting our business, including further sanctions or counter-sanctions which may be enacted; and increased cybersecurity threats and concerns. The ultimate extent to which such conflicts may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, difficult to predict and subject to change. Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace. Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain key management, technical (including cyber security and AI experts), sales, marketing, e-commerce, finance and other personnel. Our officers and other key personnel are “at will” employees and we generally do not have employment or non-compete agreements with our employees. Competition is significant for people with the specific skills that we require, including in the areas of AI and machine learning, and especially in the locations where we have a substantial presence and need for such personnel. In order to attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace, we must provide competitive pay packages, including cash and equity-based compensation. Additionally, changes in immigration laws could impair our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees. If we fail to attract, retain and motivate new or existing personnel, our business, results of operations and future growth prospects could suffer. Volatility in our stock price may from time to time adversely affect our ability to recruit or retain employees. In addition, we may not have an adequate number of shares reserved under our equity compensation plans, forcing us to reduce awards of equity-based compensation, which could impair our efforts to attract, retain and motivate necessary personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees, or conversely, if we fail to manage employee performance or reduce staffing levels when required by market conditions, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. From time to time, key personnel leave our company and the frequency and number of such departures have widely varied and have, in the past, resulted, and may in the future result in significant changes to our executive leadership team. The loss of any key employee could result in significant disruptions to our operations, including adversely affecting the timeliness of product releases, the successful implementation and completion of company initiatives, our internal control over financial reporting and our results of operations. In addition, hiring, training and successfully integrating replacement personnel can be time consuming and expensive, may cause additional disruptions to our operations and may be unsuccessful, which could negatively impact future financial results. If the information provided to us by customers or other third parties is incorrect or fraudulent, we may misjudge a customer’s qualifications to receive our products and services and our results of operations may be harmed and could subject us to regulatory scrutiny or penalties. Our decisions to provide many of our products and services to customers are based partly on information that they provide to us or authorize us to receive from third party sources. To the extent that these customers or third parties provide information to us in a manner that we are unable to verify, our decisioning process may not accurately reflect the associated risk. In addition, data pr