 Risks Related to Our Business The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Business and Operational Risks The development and maintenance of our various distribution channels are critical to growth in product sales and profits. Our future success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to recruit, hire, and motivate highly-skilled insurance personnel. Further, the development and retention of producing agents are critical to supporting sales growth in our agency operations because our insurance sales are primarily made by these individuals. If we do not provide an attractive career opportunity with competitive compensation as well as motivation for producing agents to increase sales of our products, our growth could be impeded. Providing such opportunity may be difficult due to many factors, including but not limited to, fluctuations in economic and industry conditions and the effectiveness of our compensation programs and competition among other companies. In addition, a failure to effectively develop new methods of reaching consumers, realize cost efficiencies or generate an attractive value proposition in our Direct to Consumer Division business could result in reduced sales and profits. Our life insurance products are sold in niche markets. We are at risk should any of these markets diminish. We have several life distribution channels that focus on distinct market niches, three of which are labor unions, affinity groups, and sales via direct to consumer solicitations. Deterioration of our relationships with either organized labor union groups or affinity groups, or adverse changes in the public’s receptivity to Direct to Consumer marketing initiatives could negatively affect our life insurance business. Actual or alleged misclassification of independent contractors at our insurance subsidiaries could result in adverse legal, tax or financial consequences. A significant portion of our sales agents are independent contractors. Although we believe we have properly classified such individuals, a risk nevertheless exists that a court, the Internal Revenue Service or other authority will take the position that our sales agents are employees. From time to time, we are subject to civil litigation, including class and collective action litigation, alleging that we have improperly classified certain of our sales agents as independent contractors. In September 2024, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC") notified us that it had determined that all sales agents affiliated with State General Agent Simon Arias were employees, not independent contractors, of Globe Life Inc. and/or AIL. Such determination is not binding but any potential civil action brought by the EEOC would likely include such an allegation. A future adverse judgment in connection with any such civil litigation described above could result in substantial damages. Future changes in rules, regulations or interpretations of existing rules and regulations, or significant adverse judgments in litigation, could require us to reclassify all or a portion of our agents as employees and the impact could significantly increase our operating costs and negatively impact our insurance business. The use of third-party vendors, including independent sales agents, to support the Company's operations makes the Company susceptible to the operational risk of those third parties, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the Company’s reputation. The Company utilizes third-party vendors, including independent sales agents, to provide certain business services and functions, which exposes the Company to risks outside of its control. The reliance on these third-party vendors creates a number of business risks, such as the risk that the Company may not maintain service quality, control or effective management of the outsourced business operations and that the Company cannot control the data, facilities, networks, emerging technology or information systems used by third-party vendors. We employ controls and procedures designed to facilitate service quality of our third-party vendors and mitigate risks resulting from the use of third-party vendors; however, such controls and procedures cannot be 100% effective in all cases. The 8 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Company may be adversely affected by a third-party vendor who operates in a poorly controlled manner or fails to deliver contracted services, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the Company’s reputation. Extensive federal and state laws regulate our business, imposing certain requirements that independent sales agents must follow in dealing with clients. Misconduct of our independent sales agents could result in violations of law by, or claims against, us or our subsidiaries. From time to time, we are subject to private litigation as a result of alleged misconduct by independent agents. We employ controls and procedures designed to prevent and detect agent misconduct; however, such controls and procedures cannot be 100% effective in all cases. Instances of misconduct or non-compliance or violations of laws or regulations by our independent sales agents could result in adverse findings in either examinations or litigation and subject us to sanctions, monetary liabilities, restrictions on or loss of the operation of our business or reputational harm, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, the Company is at risk of being unable to meet legal, regulatory, financial or customer obligations if the data, information systems, facilities or networks of a third-party vendor are disrupted, damaged or fail, whether due to physical disruptions, such as fire, natural disaster, pandemic or power outage, or due to cybersecurity incidents, ransomware or other impacts to vendors, including labor strikes, political unrest and terrorist attacks. Financial and Strategic Risks Our investments are subject to market and credit risks. Significant downgrades, delinquencies and defaults in our investment portfolio could potentially result in lower net investment income and increased realized and unrealized investment losses. Our invested assets are subject to the customary risks of defaults, downgrades, and changes in market values. Our investment portfolio consists predominately of fixed income investments, where we are exposed to the risk that individual issuers will not have the ability to make required interest or principal payments. A concentration of these investments in any particular issuer, industry, group of related industries or geographic areas could increase this risk. Factors that may affect both market and credit risks include interest rate levels (consisting of both treasury rate and credit spread), financial market performance, disruptions in credit markets, general economic conditions, legislative changes, particular circumstances affecting the businesses or industries of each issuer and other factors beyond our control. Additionally, as the majority of our investments are long-term fixed maturities that we typically hold until maturity, a significant increase in interest rates and/or credit spreads could cause a material temporary decline in the fair value of our fixed investment portfolio, even with regard to performing assets. These declines could cause a material increase in unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. Significant unrealized losses could substantially reduce our capital position and shareholders’ equity. It is possible our investment in certain of these securities with unrealized losses could experience a credit event where an allowance for credit loss is recorded, reducing net income. We cannot be assured that any particular issuer, regardless of industry, will be able to make required interest and principal payments on a timely basis or at all. Significant downgrades or defaults of issuers could negatively impact our risk-based capital and solvency ratios, leading to potential downgrades of the Company by rating agencies, potential reduction in future dividend capacity from our insurance subsidiaries, and/or higher financing costs at Globe Life Inc. (Parent Company) should additional statutory capital be required. Our investment portfolio contains certain alternative investments that may be illiquid and volatile, which could negatively affect our investment income and liquidity. Over the past several years, we have increased our investment in alternative investments, such as limited partnerships. These and other similar investments may have different, more significant risk characteristics than investments in fixed maturity securities, may be more volatile and may be illiquid due to restrictions on sales, transfers and redemption terms, all of which could negatively affect our investment income and overall portfolio liquidity. 9 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents These alternative investments may not meet regulatory admissibility requirements or may result in increased regulatory capital charges to the insurance subsidiaries that hold these investments, which could limit those subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends and negatively impact our liquidity. Changes in interest rates could negatively affect income . Declines in interest rates expose insurance companies to the risk that they will fail to earn the level of interest on investments assumed in pricing products and in setting discount rates used to calculate policy liabilities, which could have a negative impact on income. Significant decreases in interest rates could result in calls by issuers of investments, where such features are available to issuers. Any such calls could result in a decline in our investment income, as reinvestment of the proceeds would likely be at lower interest rates. An increase in interest rates could result in certain policyholders surrendering their life or annuity policies for cash, thereby potentially requiring our insurance subsidiaries to liquidate invested assets if other sources of liquidity are not available to meet their obligations. In such a case, realized losses could result from the sale of the invested assets and could adversely affect our statutory income, required capital levels, and results of operations. Our ability to fund operations is substantially dependent on available funds from our insurance subsidiaries. As a holding company with no direct operations, our principal asset is the capital stock of our insurance subsidiaries, which periodically declare and distribute dividends on their capital stock. Moreover, our liquidity, including our ability to pay our operating expenses and to make principal and interest payments on debt securities or other indebtedness owed by us, as well as our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or any preferred stock, depends significantly upon the surplus and earnings of our insurance subsidiaries and the ability of these subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us. The principal sources of our insurance subsidiaries’ liquidity are insurance premiums, as well as investment income, maturities, repayments, and other cash flow from our investment portfolio. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to various state statutory and regulatory restrictions applicable to insurance companies that limit the amount of cash dividends, loans, and advances that those subsidiaries may pay to us, including laws establishing minimum solvency and liquidity thresholds. in addition, our Bermuda reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation established by the Bermuda Monetary Authority ("BMA"). For example, in the states where our companies are domiciled, an insurance company generally may pay dividends only out of its unassigned surplus as reflected in its statutory financial statements filed in that state. Additionally, dividends paid by insurance subsidiaries are restricted based on regulations by their states of domicile. Accordingly, impairments in assets or disruptions in our insurance subsidiaries’ operations that reduce their capital or cash flow could limit or disallow the payment of dividends, a principal source of our cash flow, to us. Under an intercompany reinsurance agreement initiated in 2025, we have ceded approximately $1.2 billion of our life statutory reserves from Liberty National Life Insurance Company, Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company, and American Income Life Insurance Company to GL Re, as of December 31, 2025. Future regulatory changes made by the BMA or other events may impact the capital efficiency of the reinsurance structure and could require the holding company to contribute additional capital to GL Re or our U.S. insurance subsidiaries to recapture ceded business. Other sources of liquidity include a variety of short-term and long-term instruments, including our credit facility, Pre-Capitalized Trust Securities ("P-CAPS") facility, commercial paper, long-term debt, Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB"), intercompany financing and reinsurance. Changes in laws or regulations in the states in which our companies are domiciled could constrain the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us in sufficient amounts and at times necessary to pay our debt obligations, corporate expenses, or dividends on our capital stock. We are subject to liquidity risks associated with sourcing a concentration of our funding from the FHLB. We use institutional funding agreements originating from FHLB, which from time to time serve as a significant source of our liquidity. Additionally, we use agreements with the FHLB to meet near-term liquidity needs. If the FHLB 10 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents were to change its definition of eligible collateral, we could be required to post additional amounts of collateral in the form of cash or other assets. Additionally, if our creditworthiness falls below the FHLB’s requirements or if legislative or other political actions cause changes to the FHLB’s mandate or to the eligibility of life insurance companies to be members of the FHLB system, we could be required to find other sources to replace this funding, which may prove difficult and increase our liquidity risk. Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs or access capital, as well as affect our cost of capital. Should interest rates increase in the future, the higher interest expense on any newly issued debt may reduce net income. In addition, if the credit and capital markets were to experience significant disruption, uncertainty and instability, these conditions could adversely affect our access to capital. Such market conditions could limit our ability to replace maturing debt obligations in a timely manner, or at all, and/or access the capital necessary to grow our business and maintain required capital levels and credit ratings. In the event that current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek additional financing or raise capital. The availability and cost of additional financing or capital depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit or capital, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the insurance industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity. Additionally, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our financial prospects if we were to incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreased due to a market downturn. Our access to funds may also be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. If our internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue shorter term securities than we would prefer or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. If so, our results of operations, financial condition, consolidated RBC, and cash flows could be materially negatively affected. We have become subject to, and may in the future be subject to, short selling strategies driving down the market price of our common stock. Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but may have borrowed with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date. A short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. Because it is in the short seller’s best interests for the price of the securities to decline, some short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, opinions or characterizations regarding the relevant issuer, its business prospects and similar matters calculated to or which may create negative market momentum, which may permit them to obtain profits for themselves as a result of selling the stock short. Companies, like us, that are subject to unfavorable allegations, even if untrue, may have to expend a significant amount of resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend themselves, including in connection with securityholder litigation against Globe Life Inc. or investigations by regulators related to or prompted by such allegations. We have been the target of several short sellers who have published reports making allegations about the Company, which resulted in a significant decline in the price of our common stock. In addition, these reports resulted in significant negative publicity against us, damaged our reputation, and resulted in a putative securities class action litigation and derivative shareholder litigation. See Note 5—Commitments and Contingencies f or a discussion of such litigation. We have already expended significant resources to defend and repair our reputation. We will continue to defend against any unfounded and unsubstantiated claims about our business, our disclosures, and the integrity of our financial statements, which may require us to expend significant resources. We may be subject to additional short seller reports and activity in the future. The publication of any such commentary regarding us may bring about a temporary, or long term, decline in the market price of our common stock. No assurances can be made that similar declines in the market price of our common stock or negative publicity will not occur in the future, in connection with such commentary by short sellers or otherwise. 11 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Industry Risks Variations in actual-to-expected rates of mortality, morbidity and policyholder behavior could materially negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. We establish policy reserves to pay future policyholder benefits. These reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but rather are actuarial estimates based on models and accounting requirements that include many assumptions and projections which are inherently uncertain. The reserve assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment with respect to levels or trends of mortality, morbidity, lapses, and discount rates. Changes in assumptions could materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, actual results may differ significantly from the levels assumed, which could result in increased policy obligations and expenses and thus negatively affect our profit margins and income. A ratings downgrade or other negative action by a rating agency could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Various rating agencies review the financial performance and condition of insurers, including our insurance subsidiaries, and publish their financial strength ratings as indicators of an insurer’s ability to fulfill its contractual obligations. These ratings are important to maintaining public confidence in our insurance products. A downgrade or other negative action by a rating agency with respect to the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could negatively affect us by limiting or restricting the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to us and reducing our sales by adversely affecting our ability to sell insurance products through independent insurance agencies. Obtaining timely and appropriate premium rate increases for certain supplemental health insurance policies is critical. A significant percentage of the supplemental health insurance premiums that our insurance subsidiaries earn is from Medicare Supplement insurance. Medicare Supplement insurance, including conditions under which the premiums for such policies may be increased, is highly regulated at both the state and federal level. As a result, Medicare Supplement business is characterized by lower profit margins than life insurance and requires strict administrative discipline and economies of scale for success. Since Medicare Supplement policies are coordinated with the federal Medicare program, which commonly experiences health care inflation every year, annual premium rate increases for the Medicare Supplement policies are typically necessary. Accordingly, the inability to obtain approval of appropriate premium rate increases for supplemental health insurance plans in a timely manner from state insurance regulatory authorities could adversely impact their profitability and thus our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business is subject to the risk of the occurrence of catastrophic events that could adversely affect our financial condition or operations. Our insurance policies are issued to and held by a large number of policyholders throughout the United States in relatively low-face amounts. Accordingly, it is unlikely that a large portion of our policyholder base would be affected by a single natural disaster. However, our insurance operations could be exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality or morbidity caused by events such as a pandemic or other public health issues, hurricane, earthquake, or man-made catastrophes, including acts of terrorism or war, which may produce significant claims in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. Claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition. In addition, government, business, and consumer reactions to public health events could result in material negative impacts to our business and operations. Our life and health insurance products are particularly exposed to risks of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic or other events that result in a large number of deaths. In addition, the occurrence of such an event in a concentrated geographic area could have a severe disruptive effect on our workforce and business operations. The likelihood and severity of such events cannot be predicted and are difficult to estimate. In such an event, the impact to our operations could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those problems affect our producing agents or our employees performing operational tasks and supporting computer-based data processing, or impair or destroy our capability to 12 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents transmit, store, and retrieve valuable data. In addition, in the event that a significant number of our management were unavailable following a disaster, the achievement of our strategic objectives could be negatively impacted. We are exposed to model risk, which is the risk of financial loss or reputational damage or adverse regulatory impacts caused by model errors or limitations, incorrect implementation of models, or misuse of or overreliance upon models. Models are utilized by our businesses and corporate areas primarily to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. These models may not operate properly and may rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. As our businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models we utilize expands, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions. Our business is subject to the risk of direct or indirect effects of climate change. Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of weather-related events and natural disasters, which may adversely impact our mortality and morbidity rates and disrupt our business operations. In addition, climate change and climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities we hold or our willingness to continue to hold their securities. Climate change may also influence investor sentiment with respect to the Company and investments in our portfolio. Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks Recent volatility in the trading price of our common stock has and can be expected to result in securities class action litigation. In April 2024, the trading price of our common stock dropped following the publication of certain short seller reports. As of the date of this Report, one putative securities class action and five shareholder derivative lawsuits have been filed against Globe Life Inc. related to this event. While we intend to defend such actions vigorously, any judgment against us or any future stockholder litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation or regulatory scrutiny may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Insurance companies, including our insurance subsidiaries, are subject to extensive supervision and regulation in the states in which they conduct business. The primary purpose of this supervision and regulation is the protection of policyholders, not investors. Regulatory agencies have broad administrative power over numerous aspects of our business, including premium rates for our life, Medicare Supplement and other supplemental health products, as well as other terms and conditions included in the insurance policies offered by our insurance subsidiaries, marketing practices, advertising, use of emerging technologies, agent licensing, independent agent practices, policy forms, capital adequacy, solvency, reserves and permitted investments. Regulatory authorities also have the power to conduct investigations, and to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against us, which could result in suspension or revocation of our licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, disgorgement, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Press coverage and other public statements that allege wrongdoing, even if untrue, can lead to increased regulatory inquiries or investigations. The insurance laws, regulations and policies currently affecting our companies may change at any time, possibly having an adverse effect on our business. Should regulatory changes occur, we may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals, or fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority’s interpretation of such laws and regulations. If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend some or all of our business activities and/or impose substantial fines. Additionally, any violation or alleged violation of law or regulations could result in significant legal costs or in legal proceedings 13 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents that may result in monetary and legal remedies being imposed against the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes in accounting standards issued by accounting standard-setting bodies may affect our financial statements, reduce our reported profitability and change the timing of profit recognition. Our financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP and accounting practices as promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners’ statutory accounting practices ("NAIC SAP"), which principles are periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or guidance issued by recognized authoritative bodies. Future accounting standards that we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements. These changes, including underlying assumptions, projections, estimates or judgments/interpretations by management, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Refer to Note 1—Significant Accounting Policie s under the caption Accounting Pronouncements Yet to be Adopted . Non-compliance with laws or regulations related to customer and consumer privacy and information security, including a failure to ensure that third parties with access to sensitive customer and consumer information maintain its confidentiality, could materially adversely affect our reputation and business operations. The collection, maintenance, use, disclosure, and disposal of personally identifiable information by our insurance subsidiaries are regulated at the international, federal, and state levels. Applicable laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. We are subject to the privacy and security provisions of federal laws including, but not limited to, the Gramm-Leach-Biley Act of 1999 ("GLBA"), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH"), and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"). HIPAA additionally requires that we impose privacy and security requirements on our third-party business associates. Various state laws also address the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information, to the extent they are more restrictive than these and other federal laws. Further, approximately half of the states have adopted a form of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners’ data security model law, which imposes security requirements. Noncompliance with these laws, whether by us or by one of our business associates, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and results of operations and could result in material fines and penalties, various forms of damages, consent orders regarding our privacy and security practices, adverse actions against our licenses to do business, and injunctive relief. General Risk Factors The failure to maintain effective information systems or manage responsible use of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations at the Company. Our business is highly dependent upon the internet, third-party service providers, and information systems to operate in an efficient and resilient manner. We gather and maintain data for the purpose of conducting marketing, actuarial analysis, sales, and policy administration functions. Our ability to modernize and maintain our information technology systems and infrastructure requires us to commit significant resources and effective planning and execution. This modernization includes the innovative, responsible, and secure use of artificial intelligence ("AI"). Malicious third parties, employee or agent errors or disasters affecting our information systems could impair our business operations, regulatory compliance, and financial condition. Employee or agent malfeasance or errors in the handling of our information systems may result in unauthorized access to customer or proprietary information, or an inability to use our information systems to efficiently support business operations. As a result of increasingly complex AI risks, more frequent and sophisticated cyberattacks and the highly regulated nature of the insurance industry, we must continually implement new, and maintain existing, technology or adapt existing technology to protect against security and privacy incidents and to meet compliance requirements of new and proposed regulations. Any incident affecting confidential information systems resulting from the above factors could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter potential customers from purchasing our products, result in the loss of existing customers, 14 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents subject us to significant civil and criminal liability, constrain cash flows, or require us to incur significant technical, legal, or other expenses. In addition, should we be unable to implement or maintain our technology effectively, efficiently, or in a timely manner, it could result in poor customer experience, poor agent experience, additional expenses, reputational harm, legal and regulatory actions, and other adverse consequences. This could also result in the inability to effectively support business operations. Changes in U.S. federal income tax law could increase our tax costs or negatively impact our insurance subsidiaries' capital. Changes to the Internal Revenue Code, administrative rulings, or court decisions affecting the insurance industry, including the products insurers offer, could increase our effective tax rate and lower our net income, adversely impact our insurance subsidiaries' capital, or limit the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to sell certain of their products. Damage to the brand and reputation of Globe Life or its subsidiaries could affect our ability to conduct business. Negative publicity through traditional media, internet, social media, and other public forums, including short seller reports and allegations of independent agent misconduct could damage our brand or reputation, which could adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain agents, our ability to market our products, and the persistency of in force policies. A reduction in the number of agents selling our products, or the rate of growth of the number of agents selling our products may have an adverse impact on product sales and profit, and such impact may be material. We may not meet expectations relating to corporate responsibility and sustainability standards and practices . Certain existing or potential investors, customers and regulators evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of corporate responsibility and sustainability standards and expectations. Certain of our regulators have proposed or adopted, or may propose or adopt, certain corporate responsibility and sustainability rules or standards that would apply to our business. Our practices may be judged by these standards that are continually evolving and not always clear. Our decisions or priorities are made with the considerations of all stakeholders. Prevailing corporate responsibility and sustainability standards and expectations may also reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. We may not meet these corporate responsibility and sustainability expectations. Failure to meet, or achieve progress on, these expectations, on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth. We may face adverse regulatory, investor, customer, media, or public scrutiny leading to business, reputational, or legal challenges. In addition, our policies, and processes to evaluate and manage these standards in coordination with other business priorities may not prove completely effective or satisfy investors, customers, regulators, or others. 15 GL 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents 