 Risk Factors Relating to Our Business The majority of our revenues are dependent on PENN and its subsidiaries. Any event that has a material adverse effect on PENN’s business, financial position or results of operations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. The majority of our revenue is based on the revenue derived under our master leases with subsidiaries of PENN. Because these master leases are triple-net leases, we depend on PENN to operate the properties that we own in a manner that generates revenues sufficient to allow PENN to meet its obligations to us, including payment of rent and all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses, and to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with its business. There can be no assurance that PENN will have sufficient assets, income or access to financing to enable it to satisfy its payment obligations to us under the master leases. The ability of PENN to fulfill its obligations depends, in part, upon the overall profitability of its gaming operations and, other than limited contractual protections afforded to us as a landlord, we have no control over PENN or its operations. The inability or unwillingness of PENN to meet its subsidiaries’ rent obligations and other obligations under the master leases may materially and adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations, including our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. Due to our dependence on rental payments from PENN as a significant source of revenue, we may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under the master leases. Failure by PENN to comply with the terms of its master leases or to comply with the gaming regulations to which the leased properties are subject could require us to find another lessee for such leased property. In such event, we may be unable to locate a suitable lessee at similar rental rates or at all, which would have the effect of reducing our rental revenues. Likewise, our financial position may be materially weakened if PENN failed to renew or extend any master lease as such lease expires and we are unable to lease or re-lease our properties on economically favorable terms. Any event that has a material adverse effect on PENN’s business, financial position or results of operations, including a corporate change in control event or a material change in the composition of PENN's board of directors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. In addition, continued consolidation in the gaming industry would increase our dependence on our existing tenants and could make it increasingly difficult for us to find alternative tenants for our properties. The bankruptcy or insolvency of any of our tenants could result in termination of such tenant's lease and material losses to us. The bankruptcy or insolvency of any of our tenants could diminish the income we receive from that tenant’s lease or leases. If a tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent, federal law may prohibit us from evicting such tenant based solely upon such bankruptcy or insolvency. In addition, a bankrupt or insolvent tenant may be authorized to reject and terminate its lease or leases with us. Any claims against such bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to statutory limitations that would likely result in our receipt of rental revenues that are substantially less than the contractually specified rent we are owed under the lease or leases. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent may not be paid in full. We may also be unable to re-lease a terminated or rejected space or to re-lease it on comparable or more favorable terms. Moreover, tenants who are considering filing for bankruptcy protection may request amendments of their master leases to remove certain of the properties they lease from us under such master leases. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell or re-lease such properties or that lease termination fees, if any, received in exchange for such releases will be sufficient to make up for the rental revenues lost as a result of such lease amendments. 30 Table of Contents Our pursuit of investments in, and acquisitions or development of, additional properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. We operate in a highly competitive industry and face competition from other REITs (including other gaming-focused REITs), investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, lenders, gaming companies and other investors, some of whom are significantly larger and have greater resources and lower costs of capital. Increased competition may make it more challenging to identify and successfully capitalize on acquisition opportunities that meet our investment objectives. If we cannot identify and acquire a sufficient number of investment properties at favorable prices or if we are unable to finance acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, our business, financial position or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, the fact that we must distribute 90% of our net taxable income in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT may limit our ability to rely upon rental payments from our leased properties or subsequently acquired properties in order to finance acquisitions. As a result, if debt or equity financing is not available on acceptable terms, further acquisitions might be limited or curtailed and completing proposed acquisitions may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, fluctuations in the price of our common stock may impact our ability to finance additional acquisitions through the issuance of common stock and/or cause significant dilution. Investments in and acquisitions of gaming properties and other properties we might seek to acquire entail risks associated with real estate investments, including that the investment's performance will fail to meet expectations or that the tenant, operator or manager will underperform. Real estate development projects present other risks, including construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis, and the incurrence of significant development costs prior to completion of the project. We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to the risks associated with it, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations. As the landlord of gaming facilities, we are impacted by the risks associated with the gaming industry. Therefore, our success is dependent on the strength of the gaming industry, which could be adversely affected by economic conditions in general, changes in consumer trends and preferences and other factors over which our tenants have no control. A decrease in the gaming business may have a greater adverse effect on our revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio, particularly because a component of the rent under our leases is based, over time, on the revenue of the gaming facilities operated by our tenants. Decreases in discretionary consumer spending brought about by weakened general economic conditions such as, but not limited to, high unemployment levels, higher income taxes, low levels of consumer confidence, weakness in the housing market, cultural and demographic changes, and increased stock market volatility may negatively impact our revenues and operating cash flow. The gaming industry is characterized by an increasing number of gaming facilities with an increasingly high degree of competition among a large number of participants, including riverboat casinos, dockside casinos, land-based casinos, video lottery, sweepstakes and poker machines not located in casinos, Native American gaming and other forms of gaming in the U.S. Furthermore, competition from alternative wagering products, such as internet lotteries, sweepstakes, social gaming products, daily fantasy sports and other internet wagering gaming services, online sports wagering or games of skill, which allow their customers a wagering alternative to the casino-style, such as remote home gaming or in non-casino settings, could divert customers from our properties and thus adversely affect our tenants and, indirectly, our business. Present state or federal laws that restrict the forms of gaming authorized or the number of competitors that offer gaming in the applicable jurisdiction are subject to change and may increase the competition affecting the business of our tenants and, indirectly, our business. Currently, there are proposals that would legalize several forms of internet gaming and other alternative wagering products in a number of states. Further, several states have already approved intrastate internet gaming and sports betting. In addition, prediction markets currently operate as federally regulated exchanges and, therefore, may operate in states that otherwise prohibit internet gaming. Prediction markets and the expansion of internet gaming and sports betting in other jurisdictions may compete with our traditional operations, which could have an adverse impact on our business and result of operations. Certain of our tenants operate and manage facilities that are located in areas that experience extreme weather conditions and are more sensitive to the adverse effects of climate change. The operations of our tenants in our leased facilities are subject to disruptions or reduced patronage as a result of severe weather conditions, changing climate conditions, natural disasters and other casualty events. Because many of our facilities are located on or adjacent to bodies of water, they are subject to risks in addition to those associated with land-based facilities, including loss of service due to casualty, forces of nature, mechanical failure, extended or extraordinary maintenance, flood, hurricane or other severe weather and climate conditions. A component of the rent under our leases is based, over time, on the revenues of the gaming facilities operated by PENN and Boyd on our properties; consequently, a casualty that leads to the loss of use of a casino facility subject to our leases for an extended period may negatively impact our revenues. 31 Table of Contents The Company cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions will have on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Indirect weather-related impacts may affect the number of visitors to our tenants’ facilities in various ways, such as blocked access due to flooding, restricted access due to property damage, or decreased destination attractiveness of our tenants’ facilities. These facilities could be impacted by damage to their infrastructure or disruptions in their operations. The Company considers the potential impact of weather and climate change in acquiring properties and assessing portfolio risk. We face extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities. The ownership, operation, and management of gaming and racing facilities are subject to pervasive regulation. These regulations impact both GLPI and the operations of our gaming tenants. Many gaming and racing regulatory agencies in the jurisdictions in which our tenants operate require GLPI, its affiliates and certain officers and directors to maintain licenses as a key business entity, principal affiliate, business entity qualifier, operator, supplier or key person because of GLPI's status as landlord. For GLPI to maintain such licenses in good standing, certain of GLPI's officers and directors are also required to maintain licenses or a finding of suitability. Many jurisdictions also require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage of securities of a company licensed in such jurisdiction, typically 5%, to report the acquisition to gaming authorities, and gaming authorities may require such holders to apply for qualification or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for "institutional investors" that hold a company's voting securities for passive investment purposes only. Some jurisdictions may also limit the number of gaming licenses or gaming facilities in which a person or entity may hold an ownership or a controlling interest. Subject to certain regulations and administrative proceeding requirements, the gaming regulators have the authority to deny any application or limit, condition, restrict, revoke or suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability or approval, or fine any person licensed, registered or found suitable or approved, for any cause deemed reasonable by the gaming authorities. Additionally, substantially all material loans, significant acquisitions, leases, sales of securities and similar financing transactions by us and our subsidiaries must be reported to and in some cases approved by gaming authorities in advance of the transaction. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries may make a public offering of securities without the prior approval of certain gaming authorities. Changes in control through merger, consolidation, stock or asset acquisitions, management or consulting agreements, or otherwise are subject to receipt of prior approval of certain gaming authorities. Entities seeking to acquire control of GLPI or one of its subsidiaries must satisfy gaming authorities with respect to a variety of stringent licensing standards prior to assuming control. Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our gaming properties, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent for such properties. The tenants of our gaming properties are operators of gaming facilities and must be licensed under applicable state law. Prior to the transfer of gaming facilities, including a controlling interest, the new owner or operator generally must become licensed under applicable state law. In the event that any current lease or any future lease agreement we enter into is terminated or expires and a new tenant is found, any delays in the new tenant receiving regulatory approvals from the applicable state government agencies, or the inability to receive such approvals, may prolong the period during which we are unable to collect the applicable rent. Our agreements to provide funding for various casino development projects expose us to risks of loss that are different from those associated with the ownership and leasing of properties . Consistent with our growth objectives, we have agreed to provide development financing to some of our partners to facilitate their efforts to develop new gaming properties. As of December 31, 2025, we have agreed to provide significant financing for casino development projects, including: • Up to $940 million of construction hard costs for Bally’s Chicago, $201.6 million of which has been advanced as of December 31, 2025. The permanent casino and entertainment destination remains under construction. • Up to $225 million for the relocation of PENN’s riverboat casino in Aurora, Illinois, none of which has been advanced as of December 31, 2025. The new facility is expected to open in the first half of 2026. • Development funding of up to $175 million of which $48.5 million has been advanced as of December 31, 2025, for a potential transaction at the former Tropicana Las Vegas site with Bally's. • $110 million related to the Ione Loan, $56.6 million of which has been advanced as of December 31, 2025. The facility is anticipated to open in February 2026. • $16.5 million for the landside development project at Queen Casino Marquette, $9.6 million of which has been advanced as of December 31, 2025. 32 Table of Contents • For the relocation of PENN's Ameristar Casino Council Bluffs, an amount not to exceed the greater of (i) the construction hard costs associated with the project and (ii) $150 million, none of which has been advanced as of December 31, 2025. • A $225.3 million commitment to serve as the lead real estate financing partner for a new, integrated resort, Caesars Republic Sonoma County, that will be developed on the site of the current River Rock Casino. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had funded all of its $45.3 million term loan B commitment. The remaining $180 million delayed draw term loan has not been funded as of December 31, 2025. • A $467 million commitment to fund the land and hard cost development of the future Live! Virginia Casino & Hotel, in Petersburg, Virginia, being developed by The Cordish Companies and Bruce Smith Enterprise, none of which has been advanced as of December 31, 2025. We intend to continue to originate loans or provide direct funding for construction of gaming properties. Construction financing generally is considered to involve a higher degree of risk than other types of financing due to a variety of factors, including the difficulties in estimating construction costs and anticipating construction delays and, generally, the dependence on timely, successful project completion and the ability to obtain all required gaming and other licenses and commence operations promptly post-completion of construction. In addition, in the event that we advance funds in the form of loans that generally entail greater risk than mortgage loans on income-producing property, we may need to establish or increase our current expected credit loss reserve in the future to account for the potential increase in probable incurred credit losses associated with these loans. Further, whether direct funding or a financing through a construction loan, we may be obligated to fund all or a significant portion at one or more future dates. We may not have the funds available at those future date(s) to meet our funding obligations under our funding commitments. In that event, we would likely be in breach of our obligations unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. If a developer fails to fund its portion of the development project or experiences cost overruns that impair its ability to complete the construction of a project, there could be adverse consequences associated with the funding, including a loss of the value of the property improvements, a developer claim against us for failure to perform under the funding documents if we choose to stop funding, increased costs to the developer that the developer is unable to pay, and a bankruptcy filing by the developer. Furthermore, construction projects have faced delays, including as a result of disruptions in supply chains, cost increases associated with building materials and construction services necessary for construction, and delays and costs associated with obtaining construction permits and complying with local regulations, all of which can result in cost overruns to complete such projects. During periods of capital market disruptions, replacement financing may not be available to the developer which in turn, may result in the developer’s inability to complete the project or, in the case of a construction loan, repay our loan in full. The failure of a developer to complete construction, these cost overruns or other related impacts, and the lack of availability of replacement financing, could materially and adversely affect us. Development funding efforts also expose us to the risk of environmental contamination at the proposed construction site for a particular project. The discovery of a release or threatened release of a regulated material at a development site could require the developer to delay the project to conduct an investigation and clean-up of any contaminated property, which could result in significant costs in excess of budgeted amounts, which could create the same risks for us as expressed in the preceding paragraph. In addition, if the developer fails to perform its obligations under the applicable loan and/or development documents, we may incur significant costs and assume significant liabilities in foreclosing on any property subject to a construction financing, in addition to costs and risks associated with completing construction of the property if construction was not completed. If we foreclose on the property and take ownership, we may incur a significant loss on disposing of the property or, in the alternative, we may not be able to lease the property at all or on terms reasonably acceptable to us if we determine to continue to own the property. We might not be able to exercise customary enforcement rights as the lender under our tribal loans. The Ione Loan and loans extended under our agreements with the Dry Creek exposes us to several additional risks related to our ability to realize repayment of amounts lent in the event of a default by these parties, including risks that: • The limited waiver by Ione and Dry Creek and its development subsidiary of sovereign immunity granted under the loan documents may not be deemed enforceable, which could preclude us from exercising remedies or enforcing our rights under the loan documents; • It may be difficult to find a federal or state court willing or able to exert jurisdiction over any lawsuit we might file to try to obtain a judgment against the tribe and its development subsidiary; • We are not permitted to exercise customary foreclosure remedies on the fee simple ownership of the land or buildings that are intended to be constructed with proceeds of the Ione Loan or financing provided to Dry Creek, or replace the tribe or its operating subsidiary as the operator of the casino once it opens; and 33 Table of Contents • The assets of the tribe and its economic development subsidiaries may be insufficient to result in payment in full to us of the amounts lent to the tribe under the Ione Loan or financings provided to Dry Creek. Our pursuit of strategic acquisitions unrelated to the gaming industry may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. We may pursue strategic acquisitions of real property assets unrelated to the gaming industry, including acquisitions that may be complementary to our existing gaming properties. Our management does not possess the same level of expertise with the dynamics and market conditions applicable to non-gaming assets, which could adversely affect the results of our expansion into other asset classes. In addition, we may be unable to achieve our desired return on our investments in new or adjacent asset classes. We may experience uninsured or under insured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expense. While our leases require, and new lease agreements are expected to require, that comprehensive insurance and hazard insurance be maintained by the tenants, a tenant's failure to comply could lead to an uninsured or under insured loss and there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover such uninsured or under insured amounts from such tenant. Further, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of a loss. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors also might make it infeasible to use insurance proceeds to replace the property after such property has been damaged or destroyed. Under such circumstances, the insurance proceeds received might not be adequate to restore the economic position with respect to such property. If we or one of our tenants experience a loss that is uninsured, or that exceeds our or our tenant's policy coverage limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties were subject to recourse indebtedness, we could continue to be liable for the indebtedness even if these properties were irreparably damaged. In addition, even if damage to our properties is covered by insurance, a disruption of our or our tenant's business caused by a casualty event may result in the loss of business or tenants. The business interruption insurance our tenants carry may not fully compensate us for the loss of business of our tenants due to an interruption caused by a casualty event. A disruption in the financial markets may make it more difficult to evaluate the stability, net assets and capitalization of insurance companies and any insurer's ability to meet its claim payment obligations. A failure of an insurance company to make payments to us or our tenants upon an event of loss covered by an insurance policy could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with real estate properties owned by us may materially impair the value of those investments. As an owner of real property, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Although we do not operate or manage most of our properties, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and clean-up of any property from which there has been a release or threatened release of a regulated material as well as other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release. In addition to these costs, which are typically not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property's value, we could be liable for certain other costs, including governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Further, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs the government incurs in connection with such contamination. Although we require our tenants to undertake to indemnify us for certain environmental liabilities, including environmental liabilities they cause, the amount of such liabilities could exceed the financial ability of the tenant or operator to indemnify us. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. 34 Table of Contents We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems; result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines; result in our inability to monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of certain agreements; or damage our reputation among our tenants and investors generally. If our tenants fail to detect fraud or theft, including by our tenants’ users and employees, our tenants, and, therefore, our reputation may suffer which could harm our tenants, and, therefore, our brand and reputation and negatively impact our tenants, and therefore, our business, financial condition and results of operations and can subject us to investigations and litigation . Our tenants may incur losses from various types of financial fraud, including use of stolen or fraudulent credit card data, claims of unauthorized payments by a user and attempted payments by users with insufficient funds. Bad actors use increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving personal information, such as unauthorized use of another person’s identity, account information or payment information and unauthorized acquisition or use of credit or debit card details, bank account information and mobile phone numbers and accounts. Under current credit card practices, our tenants may be liable for use of funds on their products with fraudulent credit card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction. Acts of fraud may involve various tactics, including collusion. Successful exploitation of our tenants' systems could have negative effects on their product offerings, services and user experience and could harm their reputation. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in harm to their operations. In addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on their reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We cannot guarantee that any of our tenants’ measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent or other malicious activity on our offerings will be effective or will scale efficiently with our tenants business. Our tenants’ failure to adequately detect or prevent fraudulent transactions could harm our tenants’, and, therefore, our reputation or brand, result in litigation or regulatory action and lead to expenses that could adversely affect our tenants, and, therefore, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our long-term, triple-net leases include rent escalations over specified periods that in some instances are fixed or capped and will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties subject to such lease agreements. The annual rent escalations under our lease agreements will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the subject properties. Accordingly, if the cash flows generated by such properties decrease, do not increase at the same rate as the rent escalations, or do not increase as anticipated, including in connection with any capital improvement projects, the rents payable under such lease agreements will over time comprise a higher percentage of the cash flows generated by the applicable tenant and/or guarantor, which could make it more difficult for them to meet their respective obligations to us under the lease agreements (and related guarantees, as applicable). We face certain risks related to our properties that are subject to ground and use lease arrangements. In certain instances, we may be the lessee under long-term ground lease arrangements, which are then subleased to our tenants, or make investments into properties that are subject to long-term ground lease arrangements, some of which may involve local municipalities, states and other governmental bodies as the applicable lessor. Unless extended, upon expiration of 35 Table of Contents such leases, we will no longer have rights with respect to these properties or portions of the properties, as the case may be, which could impact our tenant’s ability to operate the property, which could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, although payments under such leases are the responsibility of our tenants, these payments may be contractually increased over time, which could adversely affect our tenants’ and, therefore, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we may rely on our tenants at such properties to maintain compliance with the terms of any such ground or use lease. Uncertainty regarding and changes in U.S. trade policies and tariffs may increase costs and adversely affect our tenants’, and, therefore, our financial condition. In recent years, the U.S. government has indicated its intent to alter its approach to international trade policy and renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries, and has made proposals and taken related actions. For example, the U.S. government has imposed, and may in the future further increase, tariffs on certain foreign goods, including from China, such as steel and aluminum. Some foreign governments, including China, have instituted retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S. goods. Changes in trade policy, including the imposition of new tariffs or the expansion of existing tariffs on imported goods, may increase the cost of construction materials, equipment, furnishings, technology, and other goods used in the development, renovation, maintenance, and operation of our properties, and may delay the completion of construction due to supply-chain disruptions. Such changes could, for example, have a material impact on the cost and projected timeline of Bally’s Chicago, on which construction began in late August 2024 and is projected to continue until at least late 2026. Under certain of our lease arrangements, our tenants are responsible for funding capital expenditures and maintenance obligations. Increased costs resulting from tariffs or trade restrictions could adversely affect our tenants’ operating margins, reduce cash flow available for rent payments, or cause tenants to defer, reduce, or renegotiate capital investment plans, which could negatively affect the long-term competitiveness and value of our properties. In some circumstances, increased costs or delays could also give rise to disputes regarding the allocation of responsibility for capital expenditures or maintenance under our leases. In addition, tariffs and related trade measures may contribute to broader inflationary pressures, which could increase interest rates, raise our cost of capital, and adversely affect the valuation of our real estate assets. Inflationary impacts on consumers may reduce discretionary spending on gaming, hospitality, and entertainment, which could further pressure our tenants’ revenues and financial condition. Trade restrictions or retaliatory measures could also affect international travel and tourism, which could further impact our tenants’ financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain key personnel and plan for future executive transitions. The loss of any of our key personnel, particularly our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Peter M. Carlino, could harm our business and prospects and could impede the achievement of our strategic objectives. Mr. Carlino, age 79, has more than 30 years of experience in the acquisition and development of gaming facilities and other real estate projects, including service as the Chairman of the Board and as Chief Executive Officer for PENN and the Company, collectively, for more than 30 years. We believe that facilitating seamless leadership transitions for key positions is a critical factor in sustaining the success of our organization. During 2024, we appointed Brandon J. Moore, previously our Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Secretary, to the added role of President of the Company. If our succession planning efforts are not effective, or we were to lose any of our other executive talent in the course of executing against these planning efforts, it could adversely impact our business. If we fail to effectively manage any organizational and/or strategic changes, our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation, as well as our ability to successfully attract, motivate and retain key employees, could be harmed. Risk Factors Relating to our Status as a REIT If we do not qualify to be taxed as a REIT, or fail to remain qualified as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders. We elected on our 2014 U.S. federal income tax return to be treated as a REIT and intend to continue to be organized and to operate in a manner that will permit us to qualify as a REIT. We currently operate, and intend to continue to operate, in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. 36 Table of Contents If we were to fail to qualify to be taxed as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our shareholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any resulting corporate liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our common stock. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code and violations of these provisions could jeopardize our REIT qualifications. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our qualification as a REIT depends on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify to be taxed as a REIT may depend in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence. We could fail to qualify to be taxed as a REIT if income we receive from our tenants, or their subsidiaries, is not treated as qualifying income. Under applicable provisions of the Code, we will not be treated as a REIT unless we satisfy various requirements, including requirements relating to the sources of our gross income. Rents received or accrued by us from our tenants or their subsidiaries, will not be treated as qualifying rent for purposes of these requirements if our leases are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are instead treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangements. If any leases are not respected as a true lease for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may fail to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Furthermore, our qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, rents received or accrued by us from our tenants will not be treated as qualifying rent for purposes of these requirements if we or an actual or constructive owner of 10% or more of our stock actually or constructively owns 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of such respective tenant's stock entitled to vote or 10% or more of the total value of such respective tenant's stock. Our charter provides for restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares of stock, including restrictions on such ownership or transfer that would cause the rents received or accrued by us from our tenants, to be treated as non-qualifying rent for purposes of the REIT gross income requirements. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that such restrictions will be effective in ensuring that rents received or accrued by us from our tenants or their subsidiaries will not be treated as qualifying rent for purposes of REIT qualification requirements. Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to income from "qualified dividends" payable by U.S. corporations to U.S. shareholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is currently 20%. Ordinary dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates. However, for taxable years that begin after December 31, 2017: (i) the U.S. federal income tax brackets generally applicable to ordinary income of individuals, trusts and estates have been modified (with the rates generally reduced) and (ii) shareholders that are individuals, trusts or estates are generally entitled to a deduction equal to 20% of the aggregate amount of ordinary income dividends received from a REIT (not including dividends that are eligible for the reduced rates applicable to "qualified dividend income" or treated as capital gain dividends), subject to certain limitations. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts or estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our stock, even taking into account the lower 37% maximum rate for ordinary income and the 20% deduction for ordinary REIT dividends received in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. Changes to U.S. federal income tax laws could materially and adversely affect us and our shareholders. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act made significant changes to the federal income taxation of individuals and corporations under the Code, generally effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 many of which were extended by the OBBBA Act signed into law on July 4, 2025. In addition to reducing corporate and individual income tax rates, the Tax Cuts 37 Table of Contents and Jobs Act eliminates or restricts various deductions that, along with other provisions, may change the way that we calculate our REIT taxable income and our TRS’s taxable income. Significant provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that investors should be aware of include provisions that: (i) lower the corporate income tax rate to 21%, (ii) provide noncorporate taxpayers with a deduction of up to 20% of certain income earned through partnerships and REITs, (iii) limit the net operating loss deduction to 80% of taxable income, where taxable income is determined without regard to the net operating loss deduction itself, generally eliminate net operating loss carry backs and allow unused net operating losses to be carried forward indefinitely, (iv) expand the ability of businesses to deduct the cost of certain property investments in the year in which the property is purchased, (v) generally lower tax rates for individuals and other noncorporate taxpayers, while limiting deductions such as miscellaneous itemized deductions and state and local tax deductions, and (vi) limit the deduction for net interest expense incurred by a business to 30% of the "adjusted taxable income" of the taxpayer, but do not apply to certain small-business taxpayers or electing real property trades or businesses, including REITs. The effect of these, and the many other, changes made is highly uncertain, both in terms of their direct effect on the taxation of holders of our common stock and their indirect effect on the value of our assets or market conditions generally. REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. We generally must distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, in order to qualify to be taxed as a REIT (assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied) so that U.S. federal corporate income tax does not apply to earnings that we distribute. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement and qualify for taxation as a REIT but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gains, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed net taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we distribute to our shareholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our shareholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code and to avoid the imposition of corporate income tax or the 4% excise tax. From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. If we do not have other funds available in these situations, we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, or pay dividends in the form of taxable in-kind distributions of property, including potentially, shares of our common stock, to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our stock. Restrictions on our indebtedness, including restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness or make certain distributions, could preclude us from meeting the 90% distribution requirement. Decreases in funds from operations due to unfinanced expenditures for acquisitions of properties or increases in the number of shares of our common stock outstanding without commensurate increases in funds from operations each would adversely affect our ability to maintain distributions to our shareholders. Moreover, the failure of PENN to make rental payments under its leases would materially impair our ability to make distributions. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will be able to make distributions at the anticipated distribution rate or any other rate. Even if we remain qualified as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. Even if we remain qualified for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state, and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income and state or local income, property and transfer taxes. For example, we may hold certain of our assets and conduct related activities through TRS subsidiary corporations that are subject to federal, state, and local corporate-level income taxes as regular C corporations as well as state and local gaming taxes. In addition, we may incur a 100% excise tax on transactions with a TRS if they are not conducted on an arm's-length basis. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our shareholders. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To qualify to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of our assets consist of cash, cash items, government securities and "real estate assets" (as defined in the Code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. The remainder of our investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a TRS) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5% of the value of our total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a TRS) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20% (25% for 38 Table of Contents years beginning after December 31, 2025) of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. Lastly, no more than 25% of the value of our total assets can be represented by unsecured debt of publicly traded REITs. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate or forego otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our shareholders. In addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify to be taxed as a REIT we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the amounts we distribute to shareholders and the ownership of our stock. We may be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. The REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our assets and liabilities. Income from certain hedging transactions that we may enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets or from transactions to manage risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain that satisfy the REIT gross income tests (including gain from the termination of such a transaction) does not constitute "gross income" for purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests that apply to REITs, provided that certain identification requirements are met. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions or fail to properly identify such transactions as a hedge, the income is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of the gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may be required to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because the TRS may be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in the TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit, except that such losses could theoretically be carried back or forward against past or future taxable income in the TRS. Our charter restricts the ownership and transfer of our outstanding stock, which may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or change of control of our company. In order for us to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding shares of stock may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year after the first year for which GLPI elected to qualify to be taxed as a REIT (2014). Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own GLPI stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which GLPI elected to be taxed as a REIT). GLPI's charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes the Board of Directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve GLPI's qualification as a REIT. GLPI's charter also provides that, subject to certain exceptions approved by the Board of Directors, no person may beneficially or constructively own more than 7% in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive, of GLPI's outstanding shares of all classes and series of stock. The constructive ownership rules are complex and may cause shares of stock owned directly or constructively by a group of related individuals or entities to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. These ownership limits could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control of GLPI that might involve a premium price for shares of GLPI stock or otherwise be in the best interests of GLPI shareholders. The acquisition of less than 7% of our outstanding stock by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own beneficially or constructively in excess of 7% in value of our outstanding stock, and thus violate our charter's ownership limit. Our charter prohibits any person from owning shares of our stock that would result in our being "closely held" under Section 856(h) of the Code. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our stock in violation of these restrictions may result in the transfer being automatically void. GLPI's charter also provides that shares of GLPI's capital stock acquired or held in excess of the ownership limit will be transferred to a trust for the benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and that any person who acquires shares of GLPI's capital stock in violation of the ownership limit will not be entitled to any dividends on the shares or be entitled to vote the shares or receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the shares in excess of the lesser of the market price on the day the shares were transferred to the trust or the amount realized from the sale. GLPI or its designee will have the right to purchase the shares from the trustee at this calculated price as well. A transfer of shares of GLPI's capital stock in violation of the limit may be void under certain circumstances. GLPI's 7% ownership limitation may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of GLPI, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for GLPI's shareholders. To assist GLPI in complying with applicable gaming laws, our charter also provides that capital stock of GLPI that is owned or controlled by an unsuitable person or an affiliate of an unsuitable person will be transferred to a trust for the benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and that any such unsuitable person or affiliate will not be entitled to any dividends on the shares or be entitled to vote the shares or receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the shares in excess of the lesser of the price paid by the unsuitable person or affiliate for the shares or the amount realized from the sale, in each case less a discount in a percentage (up 39 Table of Contents to 100%) to be determined by our Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion. The shares shall additionally be redeemable by GLPI, out of funds legally available for that redemption, to the extent required by the gaming authorities making the determination of unsuitability or to the extent determined to be necessary or advisable by our Board of Directors, at a redemption price equal to the lesser of (i) the market price on the date of the redemption notice, (ii) the market price on the redemption date, or (iii) the actual amount paid for the shares by the owner thereof, in each case less a discount in a percentage (up to 100%) to be determined by our Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion. Risks Related to Our Capital Structure We have a material amount of indebtedness which could have a significant effect on our business. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $7.2 billion in long-term indebtedness, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, bond premiums and original issuance discounts, consisting of: • $6,350.0 million of outstanding senior unsecured notes; • $600.0 million of term loans, • $331.6 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and • approximately $0.1 million of finance lease liabilities related to certain assets. Our indebtedness may have adverse effects on our business, including the following: • it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements and general corporate or other purposes; • a material portion of our cash flows will be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, including indebtedness we may incur in the future, and will not be available for other purposes, including to make acquisitions; • it could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or are less leveraged; • it could make us more vulnerable to downturns in general economic or industry conditions or in our business, or prevent us from carrying out activities that are important to our growth; • it could increase our interest expense if interest rates in general increase because our indebtedness under the Amended Credit Facility bears interest at floating rates; • it could limit our ability to take advantage of strategic business opportunities; • it could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness. Any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of our indebtedness under the Amended Credit Facility and other outstanding debt obligations; and • it could impact our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our Second Amended Credit Facility or from other debt financing, in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt service obligations, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, selling assets or seeking to raise additional capital, including by issuing equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness or access new indebtedness will depend on the capital and credit markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service requirements or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms may have an adverse effect, which could be material to our business, financial position or results of operations. 40 Table of Contents We may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional debt financing on acceptable terms. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future to refinance our existing indebtedness or to finance newly-acquired properties or our development funding obligations. Any significant additional indebtedness could require a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our cash resources may reduce funds available to us to pay dividends, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Increased indebtedness may also limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels and/or borrowing costs. Increased future debt service obligations may limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to acquire properties, finance or refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. If we incur additional indebtedness or such other obligations, the risks associated with our leverage, including our possible inability to service our debt, may increase. We may be unable to obtain additional financing or financing on favorable terms or our operating cash flow may be insufficient to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time (if any). If financing is not available when needed, or is available on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to develop new or enhance our existing properties, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our shareholders may be subject to significant dilution caused by the additional issuance of equity securities. If and when additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, including under our "at the market" offering program relating to our common stock or in connection with future acquisitions, our shareholders may experience significant dilution. Additionally, sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock, make it more difficult for our shareholders to sell their GLPI common stock at a time and price that they deem appropriate and impair our future ability to raise capital through an offering of our equity securities. Adverse changes in our credit rating may affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. Our outstanding debt is periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings are based upon our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to both our industry and the economic outlook. Our credit rating may affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. Because we rely in part on debt financing to fund growth, the absence of an investment grade credit rating or any credit rating downgrade may have a negative effect on our future growth. If we cannot obtain additional capital, our growth may be limited. As described above, in order to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT each year, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to our shareholders. As a result, our retained earnings available to fund acquisitions, development, or other capital expenditures are nominal, and we rely upon the availability of additional debt or equity capital to fund these activities. Our long-term ability to grow through acquisitions or development, which is an important component of our strategy, may be limited if we cannot obtain additional debt financing or raise equity capital. Market conditions may make it difficult to obtain debt financing or raise equity capital, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing or that we will be able to obtain such capital on favorable terms. An increase in market interest rates could increase our interest costs on existing and future debt and could adversely affect our stock price. If interest rates increase, so could our interest costs for any new debt and our variable rate debt obligations. This increased cost could make the financing of any acquisition more costly, as well as lower our current period earnings. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the access third parties have to credit, thereby decreasing the amount they are willing to pay for our assets and consequently limiting our ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Further, the dividend yield on our common stock, as a percentage of the price of such common stock, may influence the price of such common stock. Thus, an increase in market interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of our common stock to expect a higher dividend yield, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. The majority of our debt is at fixed rates and our exposure to variable interest rates is currently limited to outstanding obligations, if any, under our $2.09 billion revolving credit facility (the "Initial Revolving Credit Facility") and our Term Loan 41 Table of Contents Credit Facility. These debt instruments are indexed to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). Our total variable rate debt approximated 13% of our total debt at December 31, 2025. Covenants in our debt agreements may limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach or default could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain customary covenants, including restrictions on our ability to grant liens on our assets, incur indebtedness, sell assets, make investments, engage in acquisitions, mergers or consolidations and pay certain dividends and other restricted payments. Specifically, our debt agreements contain the following financial covenants: a maximum total debt to total asset value ratio of 60% (subject to increase to 65% for specified periods in connection with certain acquisitions), a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.5 to 1, a maximum senior secured debt to total asset value ratio of 40% and a maximum unsecured debt to unencumbered asset value ratio of 60%. These restrictions may limit our operational flexibility. Covenants that limit our operational flexibility as well as defaults under our debt instruments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. Pennsylvania law and provisions in our charter and bylaws may delay or prevent takeover attempts by third parties and therefore inhibit our shareholders from realizing a premium on their stock. Our charter and bylaws, in addition to Pennsylvania law, contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. Our charter and bylaws, among other things (i) permit the Board of Directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock; (ii) establish certain advance notice procedures for shareholder proposals, and require all director candidates to be recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors following the affirmative determination by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee that such nominee is likely to meet the applicable suitability requirements of any federal, state or local regulatory body having jurisdiction over us; (iii) provide that a director may only be removed by shareholders for cause and upon the vote of 75% of the shares entitled to vote; (iv) require shareholders or shareholder groups to own 3% or more of our outstanding common stock in order to recommend a person for direct nomination for election to the Board of Directors and inclusion in our proxy materials; (v) require shareholders to have beneficially owned at least 1% of our outstanding common stock in order to recommend a person for nomination for election to the Board of Directors, or to present a shareholder proposal, for action at a shareholders' meeting; and (vi) provide for super majority approval requirements for amending or repealing certain provisions in our charter and in order to approve an amendment or repeal of any provision of our bylaws that has not been proposed by our Board of Directors. In addition, specific anti-takeover provisions in Pennsylvania law could make it more difficult for a third party to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions require (i) approval of certain transactions by a majority of the voting stock other than that held by the potential acquirer; (ii) the acquisition at "fair value" of all the outstanding shares not held by an acquirer of 20% or more; (iii) a five-year moratorium on certain "business combination" transactions with an "interested shareholder;" (iv) the loss by interested shareholders of their voting rights over "control shares;" (v) the disgorgement of profits realized by an interested shareholder from certain dispositions of our shares; and (vi) severance payments for certain employees and prohibiting termination of certain labor contracts. We believe these provisions will protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make GLPI immune from takeovers or to prevent a transaction from occurring. However, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of GLPI. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. The market price of our common stock may be volatile, and holders of our common stock could lose a significant portion of their investment if the market price of our common stock declines. The market price of our common stock may be volatile, and shareholders may not be able to resell their shares of our common stock at or above the price at which they acquired the common stock due to fluctuations in its market price, including changes in price caused by factors unrelated to our performance or prospects. Specific factors that may have a significant effect on the market price for our common stock include, among others, the following: 42 Table of Contents • changes in stock market analyst recommendations or earnings estimates regarding our common stock or other comparable REITs; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue stream or future prospects; • strategic actions taken by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions; • our failure to close pending acquisitions; • our failure to achieve the perceived benefits of our acquisitions, including financial results, as rapidly as or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts; • new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business and operations or the gaming industry; • changes in tax or accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; • changes in the interest rate environment and/or the impact of rising inflation; • adverse conditions in the financial markets or general U.S. or international economic conditions, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism and responses to such events; and • sales of our common stock by members of our management team or other significant shareholders. Risk Factors Relating to Our Acquisition of Pinnacle and Tropicana's Gaming Properties Our recourse against Tropicana, including for any breaches under the Amended Real Estate Purchase Agreement or the Tropicana Merger Agreement, is limited. As is customary for a public company target in a merger and acquisition transaction, Tropicana has no obligation to indemnify us or Caesars for any breaches of its representations and warranties or covenants included in the Tropicana Merger Agreement and the Amended Real Estate Purchase Agreement, or for any pre-closing liabilities or claims. While we have certain arrangements in place with Caesars in connection with certain limited pre-closing liabilities, if any issues arise post-closing (other than as provided for in the Amended and Restated Caesars Master Lease), we may not be entitled to sufficient, or any, indemnification or recourse from Tropicana or Caesars, which could have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. PENN has contractual obligations to indemnify us for certain liabilities , including liabilities as successor in interest to Pinnacle. However, there can be no assurance that these indemnities will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that PENN's ability to satisfy its and Pinnacle's indemnification obligations will not be impaired in the future. PENN has contractual obligations to indemnify us for certain liabilities, including liabilities as successor in interest to Pinnacle. However, third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that PENN and Pinnacle agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that PENN will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from PENN any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses while seeking recovery from PENN and such recovery could have a material adverse impact on PENN's financial condition and ability to pay rent due under the PENN 2023 Master Lease, the Amended PENN Master Lease and/or the Amended Pinnacle Master Lease. 