 — We face substantial competition in the industries in which we do business." 6 Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY We are committed to the development of sustainable and efficient operations and business practices that enhance and protect our people, our communities and our planet. Our goal is to generate above-market returns while aligning our business practices to support the interests of our stakeholders. Our process of defining sustainability priorities focuses on the simultaneous improvement of our environmental, social and financial position, and our strong leadership and governance practices that strive to integrate sustainability into our business strategy and corporate culture. The Nominating and ESG Committee of the Board of Directors ("Board") oversees our sustainability initiatives which aim to deliver long-term value for our shareholders and all our stakeholders. We seek to promote an inclusive workplace and to ensure the health, safety and well-being of all employees. We emphasize giving back and uplifting the communities in which we operate through partnerships and volunteer efforts. Refer to the “Human Capital Management” section below for further information on our human capital management initiatives. We are committed to reducing our environmental footprint through the implementation of sustainable initiatives throughout our value chain. We are continuously incorporating environmental stewardship in our practices and discovering opportunities to develop more efficient operations. Additional information regarding our sustainability efforts and future initiatives can be found in our 2025 Sustainability Report and the Sustainability section of our website at www.genpt.com. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Our key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent. To support these objectives, our human resources programs are designed to connect prospective and current talent to opportunities at the company, engage current employees through an inclusive culture, and develop employees to grow for future opportunities within the organization. As of December 31, 2025, we employed more than 65,000 people worldwide and operated within 17 countries. We are proud of our employees and are committed to helping them improve their physical, emotional, financial and social well-being. Our benefit offerings are designed to meet the varied and evolving needs of a global workforce across businesses and geographies while helping our employees care for themselves and their families. We offer healthcare benefits aimed at improving quality of care while limiting out-of-pocket costs. In addition, our well-being programs include an online platform that offers an interactive way to accomplish personal and financial goals and a rewards platform to reward employees for completing company sponsored competitions and well-being activities. We periodically conduct a global engagement survey as a means of measuring employee engagement and satisfaction, as well as a tool for improving our human capital management strategies. Our leadership team reviews the survey results and based on the survey responses, action plans are developed to focus on areas of opportunity. We are pleased to report that our most recent engagement survey results were favorable overall and have shown that our employees are proud to work for the company. The results of the engagement surveys help us continuously improve our human capital strategies and find ways to foster engagement and growth for our employees. In addition, to empower employees to continually enhance their skills and reach their maximum potential, we provide a range of development programs, resources and opportunities. Many are facilitated locally by each business unit with core leadership development at the enterprise level. One of our more significant programs is focused on high potential employees from all global business units. This program is a combination of in-person and virtual coursework and training with the intent that participants become fully immersed in the operations of our business and develop strategies and improvements cross-functionally. We also offer various internship and rotational programs that allow employees to see different operations of our business while also building strong relationships throughout the company. Other development opportunities include on-demand and live training courses to help our employees achieve their professional and personal goals. We believe these programs demonstrate our ongoing commitment to develop our future leaders. Our culture is strengthened by our core values, which includes a steadfast commitment to standing up for equality for our teammates, suppliers, customers, communities and other stakeholders. We embrace different ideas and perspectives and are committed to creating a welcoming environment where all teammates have opportunities to grow and feel a sense of belonging. Our goal is to create an inclusive and welcoming culture where we value, respect, and provide equal opportunities for all employees. Please refer to our 2025 Sustainability Report and Human Rights Policy, which can be found on our investor relations website, for further information on human capital management. 7 Table of Contents Additional Information Our website can be found at www.genpt.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, any amendments to these documents, and other reports. These documents and reports are available under the Investor Relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We also use our website as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under the SEC’s Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). Important information, including news releases, analyst presentations and financial information regarding GPC is routinely posted on our website. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations portion of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Additionally, our corporate governance guidelines, codes of conduct and ethics, charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the Nominating and ESG Committee, and information regarding our procedure for shareholders and other interested parties to communicate with our Board of Directors, are available also on our website. In Part III of this Form 10-K, we incorporate certain information by reference to our proxy statement for our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. We expect to file the proxy statement with the SEC on or about February 27, 2026, and it will be available online at the same time at http://www.proxydocs.com/gpc. Please refer to the proxy statement for the information incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K when it is available. ITEM 1A . RISK FACTORS . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some statements in this report, as well as in other materials we file with the SEC or otherwise release to the public and in materials that we make available on our website, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Senior officers may also make verbal statements to analysts, investors, the media and others that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may relate, for example, to the company's view of business and economic trends for the coming year and the company's expectations regarding its ability to capitalize on these business and economic trends; the company's full-year 2026 outlook and the company's ability to successfully execute on its strategic priorities, including the company's anticipated separation of Global Automotive and Global Industrial into two independent, publicly traded companies. We caution that our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and while we believe that our expectations for the future are reasonable in view of currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events may differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no duty to update our forward-looking statements except as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our subsequent Forms 10-Q, 8-K and other reports filed with the SEC. You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Set forth below are the material risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business or could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this report and in the other public statements we make. Please be aware that these risks may change over time and other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our securities. The considerations and risks that follow are organized within relevant headings but may be relevant to other headings as well. Furthermore, it is possible material risks and uncertainties described below have already materialized. STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL RISKS Our business will be adversely affected if demand for our products slows. Our business depends on customer demand for the products that we distribute. Demand for these products depends on many factors. With respect to our North America Automotive and International Automotive segments, the primary factors are: • the number of miles vehicles are driven annually, as higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair; 8 Table of Contents • the number of vehicles in the car parc, a function of new vehicle sales and vehicle scrappage rates, as a steady or growing total vehicle population supports the continued demand for maintenance and repair; • the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranty or maintenance offered on new vehicles; • the number of vehicles in current service that are six years old and older, as these vehicles are typically no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranty and will need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles; • the addition of electric vehicles, hybrid vehicles, ride sharing services, alternative transportation means and autonomously driven vehicles and future legislation, including incentivizing the purchase of electric and hybrid vehicles, related thereto, may result in reduced need for parts; • gas prices, as increases in gas prices may deter consumers from using their vehicles; • changes in travel patterns, which may cause consumers to rely more on other forms of transportation; • the weather, as milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles; extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts, and global warming trends and other significant climate changes can create more variability in the short term or lead to other weather conditions that could impact our business; • restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation, as consumers may be forced to have all diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers’ dealer networks; and • the economy generally, which in declining conditions including persistent inflation, volatile and/or elevated interest rates and higher levels of consumer debt may cause consumers to defer vehicle maintenance and repair and defer discretionary spending and purchases. With respect to our Industrial segment, the primary factors are: • the level of industrial production and manufacturing capacity utilization, as these indices reflect the need for industrial replacement parts; • changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an index reading of 50 or more implies an expanding manufacturing economy, while a reading below 50 implies a contracting manufacturing economy; • the consolidation of certain of our manufacturing customers which reduces demand for our products; • changes in legislation or government regulations or policies that could impact international trade among our multi-national customer base and cause reduced demand for our products; and • the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for industrial output. Supply chain delays or interruptions, including as it relates to our dependence on our supplier relationships and the modernization of our supply chain, could harm our business As a distributor of automotive and industrial parts, our business depends on developing and maintaining close and productive relationships with our suppliers. We depend on our suppliers to sell us quality products at favorable prices. A variety of factors, many outside our control, affect our suppliers' ability to deliver quality merchandise to us at favorable prices and in a timely manner. These include raw material shortages, inadequate manufacturing capacity, labor strikes, shortages and disputes anywhere within the supply and distribution chain delivering products to us, tariff and customs legislation and enforcement, transportation disruptions, taxes and other legislative uncertainties, public health emergencies and/or weather conditions. Furthermore, financial or operational difficulties at a particular supplier could cause that supplier to increase the cost, or decrease the quality, of the products we purchase or prevent that supplier from operating. Supplier consolidation could also limit the number of suppliers from which we may purchase products and could materially affect the prices we pay for these products. In addition, we would suffer an adverse impact if our suppliers limit or cancel the return privileges that currently protect us from inventory obsolescence. Additionally, in connection with our supply chain modernization initiative, we have, and intend to continue to, invest in capital improvements and operational enhancements to certain of our existing market distribution and fulfillment centers, as well as the development of new market distribution and fulfillment centers. Our supply chain 9 Table of Contents modernization initiative is designed to improve our efficiency, geographic reach and market penetration; however, executing this initiative requires substantial capital investment, including significant expenditures for, among other things, real estate and construction and technology enhancements. Delays or disruptions in executing our supply chain modernization initiative, including the investment in our market distribution centers, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our results of operations, revenue, and supply chain could be materially affected as a result of a bankruptcy, insolvency or other credit failures of a significant customer or vendor. Our operations depend on relationships with various customers and vendors, and we may be exposed to risks if any customer or vendor declares bankruptcy, becomes insolvent, or otherwise fails to meet its financial or contractual obligations. For example, in September 2025, one of the key vendors for our North America Automotive segment filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. In the event a key customer or vendor files for bankruptcy or ceases operations, we may face significant disruptions including, but not limited to, delays in our supply chain, inability to source replacement goods at comparable costs, increased operating expenses, and such events may negatively impact our ability to collect outstanding receivables or ability to generate future sales and cash flow. Credit and financial difficulties of our customers and vendors may also lead to a reduction in sales, price reductions, increased returns of our products, and could adversely affect our brand, revenue, operating results, and financial condition. We face substantial competition in the industries in which we do business. The sale of automotive and industrial parts, particularly replacement automotive parts, is highly competitive and impacted by many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, changing customer preferences, store location, and pricing pressures. Because we seek to offer competitive prices, we may be forced to reduce our prices if our competitors reduce their prices or increase promotional spending, which could result in a material decline in our revenues and earnings. Increased competition among distributors of automotive and industrial parts, including increased availability among digital and e-commerce providers across the markets in which we do business, could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We anticipate no decline in competition in any of our business segments in the foreseeable future. In addition, the automotive aftermarket industry continues to experience consolidation. Consolidation among our competitors could further enhance their financial position, provide them with the ability to offer more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, take advantage of acquisitions and other opportunities more readily, rapidly scale and invest in their businesses, more successfully utilize developing technology, including data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning, and allow them to achieve increased efficiencies in their consolidated operations that enable them to more effectively compete for customers. If we are unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. The impact of geopolitical conflicts may adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the U.S., including throughout western Europe and Australasia. As a result, our global operations are affected by economic, geopolitical and other conditions in the foreign countries in which we do business as well as U.S. laws regulating international trade. Specifically, instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world (including as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the conflict and unrest in the Middle East, and recent developments in relations between the U.S. and Venezuela) and other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions and supply chains. For example, the U.S., other NATO members and other countries across the globe instituted sanctions and other penalties against Russia in response to its conflict with Ukraine. While we do not have operations in Russia or Ukraine, retaliatory measures such as this have created, and may continue to create, global security concerns that could result in broader military and political conflicts, further disrupt global automotive supply chains and otherwise have a substantial impact on regional and global economies, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, particularly our European operations. While the broader consequences are uncertain at this time, the continuation and/or escalation of these or other geopolitical conflicts creates a number of risks that could adversely impact our business, including: • persistent inflationary pressures and significant volatility in commodity prices; • disruptions to our global technology infrastructure, including through cyberattacks, ransom attacks or cyber-intrusion; • adverse changes in international trade policies and relations, including U.S. tariff policies; • our ability to maintain or increase our prices, including freight in response to increased fuel costs; 10 Table of Contents • disruptions in global supply chains; • increased exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and • constraints, volatility or disruption in the credit and capital markets. If we experience a security breach, if our internal information systems fail to function properly or if we are unsuccessful in implementing, integrating or upgrading our information systems, our business operations could be materially affected. We depend on information systems to process customer orders, manage inventory and accounts receivable collections, purchase products, manage accounts payable processes, ship products to customers on a timely basis, maintain cost effective operations, provide superior service to customers and consolidate financial results, among many other things. Despite our implementation of various security measures, our IT systems and operations (and the third-party IT systems and operations with which we interact) could be subject to damage or interruption from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized physical or electronic access, power outages, telecommunications failure, computer system or network failures, wire transfer failure, employee error/malfeasance, cyber-attacks, security breaches, and other similar disruptions. In addition, the IT systems of businesses that we have acquired or may acquire could present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition or other issues that continue to pose risk to us, such as those related to collection, use maintenance and data disclosure practices or other cybersecurity vulnerabilities. Additionally, the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of IT systems change frequently, including as a result of the deployment of evolving artificial intelligence tools and machine learning tools used to identify vulnerabilities and create more effective phishing attempts, and have the potential to not be recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. Maintaining, operating, and protecting these systems and related personal and sensitive information about our employees, customers and suppliers requires continuous investments in physical and technological security measures, employee training, and third-party services which we have made and will continue to make. A cyber-attack or security breach could result in, among other things, sensitive and confidential data being lost, manipulated or exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public or delay our ability to process customer orders and manage inventory. While we also seek to obtain assurances from third parties with whom we interact to protect confidential information, there are risks that the confidentiality or accessibility of data held or utilized by such third parties may be compromised. To date, we have not experienced a material breach of cybersecurity; however, our computer systems and the computer systems of our third-party service providers have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to unauthorized access or phishing attempts, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes. A serious prolonged disruption of our information systems for any of the above reasons could materially impair fundamental business processes (including the timely reporting of financial information) and increase expenses, decrease sales or otherwise impact earnings and cash flows. Furthermore, such a disruption may harm our reputation and business prospects and subject us to legal claims if there is loss, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to our customers, employees or suppliers' information. As the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, compliance with these requirements could also result in significant additional costs. As threats related to cybersecurity breaches grow more sophisticated and frequent, it may become more difficult to timely detect and protect our data and infrastructure. For further information about our cybersecurity strategy, risk assessment and management processes, see "