—The ability of our subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities in certain Southeast Asia markets to distribute dividends to us may be subject to restrictions under their respective laws.” and “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review Prospects—B. Liquidity and Capital Resources—Holding Company Structure.” E. Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations General The following is a general discussion of the U.S. federal income tax considerations of the ownership and disposition of our Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants (the “Securities”). This summary is limited to U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. Holders (as defined below) that hold Securities as “capital assets” within the meaning of section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) (generally, property held for investment). This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to holders in light of their individual circumstances, including holders subject to special treatment under the U.S. tax laws, such as, for example: • our officers or directors; • banks, financial institutions or financial services entities; • broker-dealers; • taxpayers that are subject to the mark-to-market accounting rules; • tax-exempt entities; • S-corporations; • governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof; • insurance companies; • regulated investment companies; • real estate investment trusts; • expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; • persons that are liable for any minimum tax; • persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more of our shares by vote or value; • persons that acquired Securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation or in connection with services; 124 Table of Contents • persons that hold Securities as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated or similar transaction; or • U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. As used in this annual report, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Securities that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: • an individual citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; • an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or • a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person. Moreover, the discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be repealed, revoked, modified or subject to differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. There can be no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) will not challenge the U.S. federal income tax treatment described below or that, if challenged, such treatment will be sustained by a court. Furthermore, this discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as, gift, estate, Medicare contribution, or minimum tax laws, or any state, local or non-U.S. tax laws relating to the ownership and disposition of Securities. This discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold Securities through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of Securities, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partner and the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding Securities, we urge you to consult your own tax advisor. THIS SUMMARY DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPREHENSIVE ANALYSIS OR DESCRIPTION OF ALL POTENTIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF SECURITIES. HOLDERS OF SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECTS OF U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND OTHER TAX LAWS. Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year if either (i) at least 75% of its gross income for such year is passive income or (ii) at least 50% of the value of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. Passive income generally includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets. In addition, a non-U.S. corporation will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share of the income of any other corporation in which it owns, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of the stock. 125 Table of Contents Based upon the value of our assets and the composition of our income and assets, including goodwill and other unbooked intangibles, we do not believe we were a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2025. No assurances can be given with regard to our PFIC status for our current or subsequent taxable years because our PFIC status is a factual determination made annually after the close of each taxable year that will depend, in part, on the composition of our income and assets. Because the value of our assets for purposes of the asset test may be determined by reference to the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares from time to time (which may be volatile), fluctuations in the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares may cause us to be or become a PFIC for the current or subsequent taxable years. Recent declines in the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares significantly increased our risk of being or becoming a PFIC. The market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares may continue to fluctuate considerably and, consequently, we cannot assure you of our PFIC status for any taxable year. In addition, the composition of our income and assets will also be affected by how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets. As previously disclosed, we believed that we were a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for our taxable year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, it is possible that one or more of our subsidiaries were also PFICs for U.S. federal income tax purposes for such taxable year. If we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. Holder holds our Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants, we will generally continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S. Holder holds our Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants, unless we were to cease to be a PFIC and such U.S. Holder were to make a “deemed sale” election with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants. Taxation of Distributions Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as a dividend the amount of any distribution paid on our Class A Ordinary Shares to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. Holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. Subject to the PFIC rules described below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder’s basis in our Class A Ordinary Shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such ordinary shares (see “—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants” below). With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, under tax laws currently in effect and subject to certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), dividends generally will be taxed at the lower applicable long-term capital gains rate (see “—Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants” below) provided that our Class A Ordinary Shares are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, and we are not treated as a PFIC in the year the dividend is paid or in the preceding year and certain holding period and other requirements are met. U.S. Treasury Department guidance indicates that shares listed on NASDAQ (on which our Class A Ordinary Shares are listed) will be considered readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. Even if the Class A Ordinary Shares are listed on NASDAQ, there can be no assurance that our Class A Ordinary Shares will be considered readily tradable on an established securities market in future years. As previously disclosed, we believed that we were a PFIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and, as discussed above, no assurances can be given with regard to our PFIC status for our current or subsequent taxable years. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate on dividends with respect to Securities under their particular circumstances. 126 Table of Contents Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss on the sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on the disposition and such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in such Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants. Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for such Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants exceeds one year. Long-term capital gain realized by a non-corporate U.S. Holder is currently eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. Any such gain or loss that the U.S. Holder recognizes will generally be treated as U.S. source income or loss for foreign tax credit limitation purposes, which will generally limit the availability of foreign tax credits. The deduction of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. As previously disclosed, we believed that we were a PFIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and, as discussed above, no assurances can be given with regard to our PFIC status for our current or subsequent taxable years. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate on dividends with respect to Securities under their particular circumstances. Exercise, Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules” and except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant, a U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of a Class A Ordinary Share on the exercise of a Warrant. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Class A Ordinary Share received upon exercise of the Warrant generally will be an amount equal to the sum of the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Warrant exchanged therefor and the exercise price. The U.S. Holder’s holding period for a Class A Ordinary Share received upon exercise of the Warrant will begin on the date following the date of exercise (or possibly the date of exercise) of the Warrant and will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the Warrant. If a Warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the Warrant. The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current law. Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, a cashless exercise may not be taxable, either because the exercise is not a realization event or because the exercise is treated as a “recapitalization” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Although we expect a U.S. Holder’s cashless exercise of our warrants (including after we provide notice of our intent to redeem warrants for cash) to be treated as a recapitalization, a cashless exercise could alternatively be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Class A Ordinary Shares received generally would equal the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Warrants. If the cashless exercise is not treated as a realization event, it is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Class A Ordinary Share will commence on the date of exercise of the warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the warrant. If the cashless exercise is treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the Class A Ordinary Shares would include the holding period of the warrants. It is also possible that a cashless exercise may be treated in part as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a portion of the Warrants to be exercised on a cashless basis could, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, be deemed to have been surrendered in consideration for the exercise price of the remaining Warrants, which would be deemed to be exercised. For this purpose, a U.S. Holder may be deemed to have surrendered a number of Warrants having an aggregate value equal to the exercise price for the total number of Warrants to be deemed exercised. Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, the U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the total number of Warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such Warrants. In this case, a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Class A Ordinary Shares received would equal the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Warrants exercised plus (or minus) the gain (or loss) recognized with respect to the surrendered Warrants. It is unclear whether a U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Class A Ordinary Shares would commence on the date of exercise of the Warrant or the day following the date of exercise of the Warrant. Because of the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, a U.S. Holder should consult its tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise. 127 Table of Contents Subject to the PFIC rules described below under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, if we redeem warrants for cash or purchase warrants in an open market transaction, such redemption or purchase generally will be treated as a taxable disposition to the U.S. Holder, taxed as described above under “—Exercise, Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant.” As previously disclosed, we believed that we were a PFIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and, as discussed above, no assurances can be given with regard to our PFIC status for our current or subsequent taxable years. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate on dividends with respect to Securities under their particular circumstances. Possible Constructive Distributions The terms of each Warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of Class A Ordinary Shares for which the Warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section captioned “Description of Warrants” contained in Exhibit 2.5 to this annual report, which is incorporated herein by reference. An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The U.S. Holders of the Warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases such U.S. Holders’ proportionate interests in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g. through an increase in the number of Class A Ordinary Shares that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease to the exercise price of a Warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property to the holders of Class A Ordinary Shares which is taxable to the U.S. Holders of such Class A Ordinary Shares as described under “—Taxation of Distributions” above. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described under that section in the same manner as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest, and would increase a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Warrants to the extent that such distribution is treated as a dividend. Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants and, in the case of Class A Ordinary Shares, the U.S. Holder did not make a qualified electing fund (“QEF”) election or a mark-to-market election, such U.S. Holder generally would be subject to special and adverse rules, regardless of whether we remain a PFIC, with respect to (i) any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants and (ii) any “excess distribution” made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of the Class A Ordinary Shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Class A Ordinary Shares). Under these rules: • the U.S. Holder’s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants; • the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder’s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder’s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we were a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income; • the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and • an additional tax equal to the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on the U.S. Holder with respect to the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder. 128 Table of Contents If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a non-U.S. subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC (a “low-tier PFIC”), a U.S. Holder generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we (or our subsidiary) receive a distribution from, or disposes of all or part of its interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs. We do not expect to furnish U.S. Holders with the tax information necessary to enable a U.S. Holder to make a QEF election which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from (and generally less adverse than) the general tax treatment for PFICs described above. Alternatively, if we are a PFIC and the Class A Ordinary Shares constitute “marketable stock” (as defined below), a U.S. Holder may avoid the adverse PFIC tax consequences discussed above if such U.S. Holder, at the close of the first taxable year in which it holds (or is deemed to hold) the Class A Ordinary Shares, makes a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. Such U.S. Holder generally will include for each of its taxable years as ordinary income the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its Class A Ordinary Shares at the end of such year over its adjusted basis in its Class A Ordinary Shares. The U.S. Holder also will recognize an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of its adjusted basis of its Class A Ordinary Shares over the fair market value of its Class A Ordinary Shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder’s basis in its Class A Ordinary Shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of its Class A Ordinary Shares will be treated as ordinary income. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of a corporation classified as a PFIC and such corporation ceases to be classified as a PFIC, the U.S. Holder will not be required to take into account the gain or loss described above during any period that such corporation is not classified as a PFIC. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to Warrants. The mark-to-market election is available only for “marketable stock,” generally, stock that is traded in other than de minimis quantities on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter (“regularly traded”) on a national securities exchange that is registered with the SEC, including NASDAQ (on which the Class A Ordinary Shares are listed), or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. Consequently, if the Class A Ordinary Shares continue to be listed on NASDAQ and are regularly traded, we expect that the mark-to-market election would be available to U.S. Holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares. However, there can be no assurance in this regard. Further, because a mark-to-market election cannot technically be made for equity interests in any lower-tier PFICs that we own, a U.S. Holder may continue to be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to its indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares under their particular circumstances. A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 and such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. The rules dealing with PFICs are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of Securities should consult their tax advisors concerning the reporting requirements that may apply and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of holding and disposing of Securities if we are treated as a PFIC, including the possibility of making a mark-to-market election and the unavailability of the QEF election. Cayman Islands Tax Considerations The following summary contains a description of certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of ordinary shares, but it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase ordinary shares. The summary is based upon the tax laws of Cayman Islands and regulations thereunder as of the date hereof, which are subject to change. Prospective investors should consult their professional advisers on the possible tax consequences of buying, holding or selling any shares under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile. 129 Table of Contents The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in our Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants (the “Securities”). The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s particular circumstances, and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law. Under Existing Cayman Islands Laws: Payments of dividends and capital in respect of the Securities will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of interest and principal or a dividend or capital to any holder of Class A Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, nor will gains derived from the disposal of the Class A Ordinary Shares be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance tax or gift tax. No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of Securities or on an instrument of transfer in respect of a Security. We have been incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and, as such, has obtained undertakings from the Governor in Cabinet of the Cayman Islands in the following form: The Tax Concessions Law Undertaking as to Tax Concessions In accordance with section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, the Governor in Cabinet of the Cayman Islands has undertaken with GHL that: (a) no law which is thereafter enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to GHL or its operations; and (b) in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable: (i) on or in respect of the shares, debentures or other obligations of GHL; or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of any relevant payment as defined in the Tax Concessions Act. The concessions apply for a period of THIRTY years from May 13, 2021. The Cayman Islands currently levy no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains or appreciations and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There are no other taxes likely to be material to GHL levied by the Government of the Cayman Islands save certain stamp duties which may be applicable, from time to time, on certain instruments executed in or brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. F. Dividends and Paying Agents Not applicable. G. Statement by Experts Not applicable. 130 Table of Contents H. Documents on Display We are subject to certain of the informational filing requirements of the Exchange Act. Since we are a “foreign private issuer,” we are exempt from the rules and regulations under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and “short-swing” profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act, with respect to their purchase and sale of our shares. In addition, we are not required to file reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act. However, we are required to file with the SEC an Annual Report on Form 20-F containing financial statements audited by an independent accounting firm. We may, but are not required, to furnish to the SEC, on Form 6-K, unaudited financial information after each of our first three fiscal quarters. Reports and other information that we file with or furnish electronically with the SEC are accessible via the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . I. Subsidiary Information Not applicable. J. Annual Report to Security Holders Not applicable. ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include credit risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk. See Note 25 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further details. Credit Risk We are exposed to credit risk from our operating activities and from our financing activities, which arises principally from our trade receivables, loans and advances to customers, deposits and cash and cash equivalents. With respect to trade receivables, we are not exposed to a major default risk from a single customer, and we actively monitor and manage credit risk and optimizing the payment process. With respect to our loans and advances to customers, our credit risk mainly pertains to term loans provided to borrowers. We closely monitor credit quality for the loans and advances to manage and evaluate our related exposure to credit risk, and such efforts begin with initial underwriting and continue through to full repayment of a loan or advance. We have developed risk models using detailed information from internal historical experience, including customers’ prior repayment histories with us, to assess customer requests for a loan or advance. We also use delinquency status and trends to assist in making new and ongoing credit decisions, adjust models and plan collection practices and strategies. With respect to our financial instruments, our deposits and cash and cash equivalents are all held with reputable bank and financial institution counterparties. Foreign Currency Risk We are exposed to foreign exchange risk on transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales, purchases, receivables, cash and cash equivalents and borrowings that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currencies of our entities, including Singapore Dollars, Indonesian Rupiah, Thai Baht, Malaysian Ringgit, Vietnamese Dong and Philippine Pesos, among other currencies. The functional currencies of our entities are primarily the currency of the country in which the entity operates. The currencies in which these transactions primarily are denominated are also in the currency in which the entity operates. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates are reflected in reported income and loss from our international businesses included in our consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. A continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar would therefore reduce reported revenue and expenses from our international businesses included in our consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Interest on external borrowings is denominated in the currency of the borrowing. Our entities’ external borrowings are generally denominated in currencies that match the cash flows generated by the underlying operations, which is also the currency of the country in which the entity operates. 131 Table of Contents Based on the above, we do not believe we are exposed to significant currency transactional foreign currency risk. We may in the future, enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. It is difficult to predict the impact hedging activities would have on our results of operations. Translation Exposure We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we translate the financial statements of our subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of the financial statements of our subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities into U.S. dollars would result in a gain or loss recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Interest Rate Risk Our main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings with variable rates, which expose us to cash flow interest rate risk. Our borrowings at variable rate are mainly denominated in Singapore Dollars, Malaysian Ringgit, Indonesian Rupiah and Thai Baht. The borrowings are periodically contractually repriced and to that extent are also exposed to the risk of future changes in market interest rates. The risk of future changes in market interest rates with regard to variable rate pricing is currently managed via our cash management operations. We intend to reduce gross borrowing balances with excess available cash and minimize exposure to interest rate changes with regard to the borrowings. We manage the deleveraging measures by continuously monitoring the macroeconomic environment and its liquidity position to ensure sufficient funding in meeting our business needs and financial obligations, as well as capital allocation and growth objectives, throughout business cycles. For the Term Loan B, which we fully repaid in March 2024, a 100 basis point increase in SOFR would have increased consolidated losses by approximately $5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES A. Debt Securities Not applicable. B. Warrants and Rights Not applicable. C. Other Securities Not applicable. D. American Depositary Shares Not applicable. 132 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES Not applicable. ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS See “Item 10. Additional Information” for a description of the rights of shareholders, which remain unchanged. ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025 based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes to our internal controls over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 133 Table of Contents ITEM 16. [RESERVED] Not applicable. ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE AND FINANCIAL EXPERT Our board of directors has determined that John Rogers qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 16A of Form 20-F. Each member of the Audit Committee is an independent director within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing rules and the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and any other persons who perform similar functions for us. A copy of our code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at https://investors.grab.com/. ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The following table sets forth the aggregate fees in connection with certain professional services rendered by KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firms, during the period indicated. For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Audit fees 5,696 4,936 5,139 Tax fees 170 44 30 Audit-related fees 347 315 426 Other fees 7 — — Total fees 6,220 5,295 5,595 Audit fees include the audit work performed each fiscal year necessary to allow the auditor to issue an opinion on our financial statements and to issue an opinion on the local statutory financial statements. Audit fees also include services such as reviews of quarterly financial results and review of securities offering documents. Audit-related fees consisted of fees for assurance and related services that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements or for services that were traditionally performed by the external auditor. Tax fees consisted of fees for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. Other fees consisted of fees for regulatory attestation and risk management services. Our audit committee is responsible for the oversight of the work of our independent accountants, KPMG LLP. The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by KPMG LLP, including audit services as described above, other than those for de minimis services which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit. ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES Not applicable. 134 Table of Contents ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS In February 2024, our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to $500 million worth of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares. The table below summarizes our repurchases in 2024 and 2025 under this program. The repurchase in June 2025 was made in connection and concurrently with the issuance and sale of the Notes, from certain purchasers of the Notes in off-market privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers or its affiliates, as the Company’s agent. The concurrent repurchase was expected to facilitate the initial hedging by purchasers of the Notes who desire to hedge their investments in the Notes, by allowing such purchasers of the Notes to establish short positions that generally correspond to commercially reasonable initial hedges of their investments in the Notes. Period Total number of Class A Ordinary Shares purchased Average price paid per share ($) Total number of shares purchased as part of the share repurchase program Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the share repurchase program ($) June 2025 58,450,000 4.68 58,450,000 394,701 Total 58,450,000 4.68 58,450,000 In February 2026, our board of directors has authorized a new share repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to $500 million worth of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Similar to the previous share repurchase program, the proposed repurchases may be made from time to time through open market transactions at prevailing market prices, privately negotiated transactions, block trades and/or through other legally permissible means, or any combination thereof, depending on market conditions and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares, among other factors, and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. Our board of directors will review the share repurchase program periodically, and may amend the terms and size of the program. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of Class A ordinary shares. ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT Not applicable. ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and are listed on NASDAQ. NASDAQ market rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance practices of our home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home country, may differ significantly from NASDAQ corporate governance listing standards applicable to domestic U.S. companies. Among other things, we are not required to have: (i) a majority-independent board of directors; (ii) a compensation committee consisting of independent directors; (iii) a nominating committee consisting of independent directors; or (iv) regularly scheduled executive sessions with only independent directors each year. In addition, we are not required to have our shareholders approve certain issuances of securities, including those in connection with the establishment of or material amendments to equity compensation plans or arrangements, or corporate actions or issuances which may disparately reduce or restrict the voting rights of existing shareholders. Although not required and as may be changed from time to time, we have a majority-independent board of directors, a majority-independent compensation committee and a nominating committee. Subject to the foregoing, we rely on the exemptions listed above. As a result, you may not be provided with the benefits of certain corporate governance requirements of NASDAQ applicable to U.S. domestic public companies. ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE Not applicable. 135 Table of Contents ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. ITEM 16J. INSIDER TRADING POLICIES Our board of directors has established insider trading policies and procedures to provide guidelines on the purchases, sales, and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees, consultants and contractors, with the goal of promoting compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards of NASDAQ. Our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 11.1 to this annual report.. ITEM 16K. CYBERSECURITY Risk Management and Strategy We maintain a cybersecurity risk management program designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity threats that could materially affect our business, operations, financial condition, or reputation. Cybersecurity risk management is integrated into our broader enterprise risk management (“ERM”) framework, reflecting our view that cybersecurity risks are integral to our overall risk profile. Under our ERM framework, our board of directors oversees the Company’s risk management efforts, including cybersecurity risks. Management supports this oversight through established governance structures and regular risk reporting. Our cybersecurity team is responsible for, among other things: (i) developing and maintaining cybersecurity policies and frameworks, including defining roles and responsibilities to implement these policies and frameworks; (ii) monitoring the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape, regulatory developments, and emerging risks, and communicating relevant developments to appropriate business and functional units; (iii) supporting and monitoring the implementation of cybersecurity risk management practices across the organization; (iv) providing targeted guidance and training on cybersecurity and risk management matters; and (v) sharing relevant cybersecurity risk information with our ERM team to support enterprise-wide risk assessments. Our cybersecurity risk management approach incorporates a combination of preventive, detective, and responsive measures, including security controls, system maintenance and updates, employee awareness and training programs, and incident response and recovery planning. These measures are designed to reduce, but not eliminate, cybersecurity risks and are periodically reviewed and enhanced in response to changes in our business, technology environment, and threat landscape. We maintain cybersecurity policies and frameworks that are reviewed at least annually and are designed to address applicable legal and regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Given the complexity and rapidly evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, we employ a multi-layered approach to identifying and managing cybersecurity risks related to our business and technical operations. This approach includes third-party security assessments, internal information technology audits, and internal security compliance reviews, which may be subject to internal and external audit processes. We also participate in information-sharing arrangements and receive threat intelligence from government agencies, industry groups, and cybersecurity organizations. Cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities are evaluated based on their likelihood and potential impact, with close collaboration among our cybersecurity, ERM, data privacy, information technology, operations, legal, and finance teams. We rely on third-party service providers, joint ventures, and other partners to support aspects of our platform and operations. As a result, a cybersecurity incident affecting a third party could materially adversely affect us, as well as driver-partners, merchant-partners, and users of our platform. To address these risks, we assess the cybersecurity practices of certain third-party service providers and partners through risk-based evaluations, including cybersecurity questionnaires, and we contractually require them to comply with specified cybersecurity and data protection requirements. We also require certain third parties to notify us of cybersecurity incidents that may affect us and conduct periodic reassessments based on their risk profiles. We have experienced, and continue to experience, cybersecurity threats from time to time, including malware and computer virus attacks. While such incidents have not materially affected us to date, and despite our ongoing efforts to manage cybersecurity risks, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent, detect, or mitigate all cybersecurity incidents. Any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, or reputation. For a discussion of cybersecurity risks that could affect us, see “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors,” including the risk factors titled “Security, privacy, or data breaches involving sensitive, personal or confidential information could expose us to liability under various laws and regulations across jurisdictions, decrease trust in our platform, and increase the risk of litigation and governmental investigation” and “The proper uninterrupted functioning of our highly complex technology platform is essential to our business.” 136 Table of Contents Governance Our board of directors oversees the management of our cybersecurity risks, with support from the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee receives regular updates from management, typically quarterly, on our cybersecurity and information security posture, key cybersecurity risks, and the status of cybersecurity risk mitigation initiatives. These updates support the board’s oversight of how cybersecurity risks are identified, assessed, and managed within our broader risk management framework. At the management level, responsibility for assessing and managing material cybersecurity risks and incidents is shared among our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Technology Officer, head of Cybersecurity, and Group General Counsel. These members of management meet regularly to review cybersecurity performance metrics, evaluate emerging and material cybersecurity risks, and monitor the progress of cybersecurity initiatives and remediation efforts. Our cybersecurity team conducts periodic, structured risk and compliance assessments aligned with prioritized internal cybersecurity policies, applicable regulatory requirements, and identified risk areas, as well as ad hoc assessments in response to risk acceptance requests and emerging risk scenarios. Assessment results are documented, tracked in a risk register, and reported to the Audit Committee as part of ongoing cybersecurity oversight and risk governance. Three members of our board of directors have prior experience serving as senior executives or board members at other organizations and have overseen or been involved in cybersecurity risk management. Our head of Cybersecurity is a senior member of our cybersecurity leadership team with more than 16 years of experience in cybersecurity risk management, application security, and the development and execution of cybersecurity strategies. Our Chief Technology Officer has held multiple roles within our technology organization since 2012 and brings deep institutional knowledge of our technology environment, cybersecurity risks, and the safeguards implemented to address those risks. . 137 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS We have elected to provide financial statements pursuant to Item 18. ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities are included at the end of this annual report. ITEM 19. EXHIBITS 138 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 1.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of GHL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 2.1 Specimen ordinary share certificate of GHL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 2.2 Specimen warrant certificate of GHL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 2.3 Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, between Altimeter Growth Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333‑258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 2.4 Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and among Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, GHL and Altimeter Growth Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 2.5 Description of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act . 3.1 Shareholder Deed, dated April 12, 2021, by and among GHL, Altimeter Growth Holdings, Grab Holdings Inc., Anthony Tan Ping Yeow and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 3.2 Form of Voting Proxy Deed by and among GHL, Anthony Tan Ping Yeow, and each executive officer of GHL other than Anthony Tan Ping Yeow (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-41110), filed with the SEC on March 14 , 202 5 ) . 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and among Altimeter Growth Corp., Altimeter Growth Holdings, GHL and the undersigned parties listed as “Investors” thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.2† GHL Second Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-262658), filed with the SEC on December 12, 2023). 4.3† GHL 2021 Equity Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the shell company report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-41110), filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021). 4.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement between GHL and each executive officer of GHL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.5 Agreement to Build and Lease, dated January 30, 2019, by and between HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited and Grabtaxi Holdings Pte. Ltd. (as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.6 Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2018, among Grab Holdings Inc., Uber International C.V. and Apparate International C.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.7 Amended and Restated Shareholders’ Agreement, dated October 17, 2021, among GXS Bank Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as A5-DB Operations (S) Pte. Ltd.), A5-DB Holdings Pte. Ltd., SFG Digibank Investment Pte. Ltd., Grab Holdings Inc., Singapore Telecommunications Limited, AA Holdings Inc. and Singtel FinGroup Investment Pte. Ltd., and First Amendment and Waiver Regarding Amended and Restated Shareholders' Agreement, dated September 19, 2022, among the same parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-41110), filed with the SEC on April 26, 2023). 4.8 Articles of Association of GTT2Co., Ltd., dated March 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 139 Table of Contents 4.9# Charter of Grab Company Limited, initially filed on February 14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.10 Power of Attorney, dated June 22, 2018, by PT Ekanusa Yadhikarya Indah (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.11 Power of Attorney, dated June 22, 2018, by PT Ekanusa Yudhakarya Indah (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.12# Investment Agreement, dated December 4, 2020, relating to Grab PH Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.13# Members’ Agreement, dated October 17, 2021, relating to Grab Company Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-258349), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 4.14 Shareholders’ Agreement, dated March 24, 2025 , relating to PT Bumi Cakrawala Perkasa . 4.15 Agreement, dated January 31, 2021, among Jaya Grocer Holdings Sdn. Bhd., D Holdings Inc. and Green Aurora Sdn. Bhd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.26 to Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-41110), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2022) 4.16 I ndenture , dated June 13, 2025, between Grab H oldings Limited and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as t rustee . 8.1 List of subsidiaries of GHL . 11.1 Insider Trading Policy of Grab Holdings Limited , as amended . 12.1 Certification of our Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 12.2 Certification of our Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 13.1** Certification of our Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 13.2** Certification of our Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 15.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 97 Clawback Policy of GHL , as amen ded . 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document—this instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) ** Furnished herewith. † Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to the instructions to Item 19 of Form 20-F on the basis that the Company customarily and actually treats that information as private or confidential and the omitted information is not material. 140 Table of Contents SIGNATURE The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf. GRAB HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/ Anthony Tan Ping Yeow Name: Anthony Tan Ping Yeow Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 6, 2026 141 Table of Contents Grab Holdings Limited (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands) and its Subsidiaries Annual Report For the financial year ended December 31, 2025 Index Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Singapore, Singapore, Auditor Firm ID: 1051 ) F- 2 Consolidated statement of financial position F- 5 Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income F- 6 Consolidated statement of changes in equity F- 7 Consolidated statement of cash flows F- 10 Notes to the consolidated financial statements F- 12 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Grab Holdings Limited: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Grab Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards). We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 6, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Sufficiency of audit evidence over the IT systems used in the revenue recognition process As discussed in notes 3.11 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generated $3,370 million of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 of which $3,019 million related to the deliveries and mobility segments. We identified the evaluation of sufficiency of audit evidence over the information technology (IT) systems used in revenue recognition related to the deliveries and mobility segments as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence required subjective auditor judgment due to the complexity and high number of IT systems used in the revenue recognition process related to the deliveries and mobility segments and the specialized skills and knowledge needed to test the IT systems. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over the IT systems used in the revenue recognition process related to the deliveries and mobility segments. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: F-2 Table of Contents • gaining an understanding of the IT systems used in the Company’s recognition of revenue • evaluating the design and testing the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the IT systems used in the revenue recognition process. This included certain general IT controls and IT application controls used by the Company in its revenue recognition process. For a sample of transactions, we: • recalculated the amount of revenue recognized in the period based on the contractual arrangements with customers and evaluated the consistency of revenue recognition with the Company’s accounting policies • compared the recorded amounts with underlying support, including cash receipts and statements issued to customers. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2015. Singapore March 6, 2026 F-3 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Grab Holdings Limited: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Grab Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 6, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Singapore March 6, 2026 F-4 Table of Contents Consolidated statement of financial position As at December 31 (in $ millions) Note 2025 2024 $ $ Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment 4 831 567 Intangible assets and goodwill 5 1,057 975 Associates and joint venture 309 131 Deferred tax assets 17 85 67 Other investments 6 1,023 765 Loan receivables in the financial services segment 7 420 105 Deposits, prepayments and other assets 9 178 119 3,903 2,729 Current assets Inventories 87 59 Trade and other receivables 8 240 206 Loan receivables in the financial services segment 7 760 431 Deposits, prepayments and other assets 9 189 241 Other investments 6 3,371 2,665 Cash and cash equivalents 10 3,433 2,964 8,080 6,566 Total assets 11,983 9,295 Equity Share capital and share premium 11 23,861 23,549 Reserves 11 337 197 Accumulated losses ( 17,470 ) ( 17,347 ) Equity attributable to owners of the Company 6,728 6,399 Non-controlling interests 12 29 ( 48 ) Total equity 6,757 6,351 Non-current liabilities Loans and borrowings 13 373 241 Provisions 14 22 20 Other liabilities 15 169 66 Deferred tax liabilities 17 35 25 599 352 Current liabilities Loans and borrowings 13 1,680 123 Provisions 14 25 41 Trade payables and other liabilities 15 1,256 1,169 Deposits from customers in the banking business 16 1,629 1,225 Current tax liabilities 37 34 4,627 2,592 Total liabilities 5,226 2,944 Total equity and liabilities 11,983 9,295 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income For the year ended December 31 (in $ millions, except for per share data) Note 2025 2024 2023 $ $ $ Revenue 19 3,370 2,797 2,359 Cost of revenue 20 ( 1,914 ) ( 1,623 ) ( 1,499 ) Other income 20 17 17 Sales and marketing expenses 20 ( 367 ) ( 324 ) ( 293 ) General and administrative expenses 20 ( 459 ) ( 512 ) ( 550 ) Research and development expenses 20 ( 428 ) ( 410 ) ( 421 ) Net impairment losses on financial assets 25 ( 140 ) ( 95 ) ( 72 ) Other expenses 20 ( 5 ) ( 4 ) ( 4 ) Restructuring costs ( 12 ) ( 14 ) ( 56 ) Operating profit/ (loss) 65 ( 168 ) ( 519 ) Finance income 21 240 187 198 Finance costs 21 ( 71 ) ( 106 ) ( 99 ) Net change in fair value of financial assets and liabilities 21 34 * ( 39 ) Net finance income 21 203 81 60 Share of profit/ (loss) of equity-accounted investees (net of tax) 1 ( 8 ) ( 7 ) Profit/ (loss) before income tax 269 ( 95 ) ( 466 ) Income tax expense 17 ( 69 ) ( 63 ) ( 19 ) Profit/ (loss) for the year 200 ( 158 ) ( 485 ) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: Defined benefit plan remeasurements * * 2 Put liabilities at FVOCI – net change in fair value 10 ( 19 ) ( 24 ) Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Foreign currency translation differences – foreign operations 111 ( 2 ) 7 Debt investments at FVOCI - net change in fair value ( 1 ) — — Other comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year, net of tax 120 ( 21 ) ( 15 ) Total comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year 320 ( 179 ) ( 500 ) Profit/ (loss) attributable to: Owners of the Company 268 ( 105 ) ( 434 ) Non-controlling interests ( 68 ) ( 53 ) ( 51 ) Profit/ (loss) for the year 200 ( 158 ) ( 485 ) Total comprehensive income/ (loss) attributable to: Owners of the Company 370 ( 126 ) ( 448 ) Non-controlling interests ( 50 ) ( 53 ) ( 52 ) Total comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year 320 ( 179 ) ( 500 ) Earnings/ (loss) per share Basic earnings/ (loss) per share 22 0.07 ( 0.03 ) ( 0.11 ) Diluted earnings/ (loss) per share 22 0.06 ( 0.03 ) ( 0.11 ) *Amount less than $1 million The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents Consolidated statement of changes in equity For the year ended December 31, 2025 (in $ millions) Note Share capital Share premium Accumulated losses Other reserve (Note 11 ) Share-based payment reserve Foreign currency translation reserve Equity attributable to owners of the Company Non- controlling interests Total equity $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ At January 1, 2025 * 23,549 ( 17,347 ) ( 119 ) 392 ( 76 ) 6,399 ( 48 ) 6,351 Total comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year Profit for the year — — 268 — — — 268 ( 68 ) 200 Other comprehensive income Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations — — — — — 97 97 14 111 Defined benefit plan remeasurement — — * — — — * — * Debt investments and put liabilities at FVOCI – net change in fair value — — * 5 — — 5 4 9 Total other comprehensive income — — * 5 — 97 102 18 120 Total comprehensive income for the year — — 268 5 — 97 370 ( 50 ) 320 Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity Contributions by owners Acquisition of a subsidiary — — — ( 16 ) — — ( 16 ) 7 ( 9 ) Share options exercised/restricted stock units vested 11 * 312 — — ( 291 ) — 21 2 23 Share-based payment 18 — — — — 249 — 249 — 249 Repurchase and retirement of ordinary shares — — ( 274 ) — — — ( 274 ) — ( 274 ) Total contributions by owners * 312 ( 274 ) ( 16 ) ( 42 ) — ( 20 ) 9 ( 11 ) Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries Changes in non-controlling interests without a loss of control — — ( 117 ) 96 — — ( 21 ) 118 97 Total changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries — — ( 117 ) 96 — — ( 21 ) 118 97 Total transactions with owners * 312 ( 391 ) 80 ( 42 ) — ( 41 ) 127 86 At December 31, 2025 * 23,861 ( 17,470 ) ( 34 ) 350 21 6,728 29 6,757 * Amount less than $1 million The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents Consolidated statement of changes in equity For the year ended December 31, 2024 (in $ millions) Note Share capital Share premium Accumulated losses Other reserve (Note 1 1 ) Share-based payment reserve Foreign currency translation reserve Equity attributable to owners of the Company Non- controlling interests Total equity $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ At January 1, 2024 * 22,669 ( 16,764 ) 138 474 ( 68 ) 6,449 19 6,468 Total comprehensive loss for the year Loss for the period — — ( 105 ) — — — ( 105 ) ( 53 ) ( 158 ) Other comprehensive loss Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations — — — — — ( 8 ) ( 8 ) 6 ( 2 ) Defined benefit plan remeasurement — — * — — — * — * Debt investments and put liabilities at FVOCI – net change in fair value — — 1 ( 14 ) — — ( 13 ) ( 6 ) ( 19 ) Total other comprehensive loss — — 1 ( 14 ) — ( 8 ) ( 21 ) — ( 21 ) Total comprehensive loss for the year — — ( 104 ) ( 14 ) — ( 8 ) ( 126 ) ( 53 ) ( 179 ) Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity Contributions by owners Share options exercised/restricted stock units vested 11 * 394 — — ( 369 ) — 25 — 25 Share-based payment 18 — — — — 287 — 287 — 287 Repurchase and retirement of ordinary shares * — ( 226 ) — — — ( 226 ) — ( 226 ) Total contributions by owners — 394 ( 226 ) — ( 82 ) — 86 — 86 Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries Changes in non-controlling interests without a loss of control * 486 ( 253 ) ( 243 ) — — ( 10 ) ( 14 ) ( 24 ) Total changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries * 486 ( 253 ) ( 243 ) — — ( 10 ) ( 14 ) ( 24 ) Total transactions with owners * 880 ( 479 ) ( 243 ) ( 82 ) — 76 ( 14 ) 62 At December 31, 2024 * 23,549 ( 17,347 ) ( 119 ) 392 ( 76 ) 6,399 ( 48 ) 6,351 * Amount less than $1 million The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents Consolidated statement of changes in equity For the year ended December 31, 2023 (in $ millions) Note Share capital Share premium Accumulated losses Other reserve (Note 11) Share-based payment reserve Foreign currency translation reserve Equity attributable to owners of the Company Non- controlling interests Total equity $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ At January 1, 2023 * 22,278 ( 16,277 ) 153 516 ( 67 ) 6,603 54 6,657 Total comprehensive loss for the year Loss for the period — — ( 434 ) — — — ( 434 ) ( 51 ) ( 485 ) Other comprehensive loss Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations — — — — — ( 1 ) ( 1 ) 8 7 Defined benefit plan remeasurement — — 2 — — — 2 — 2 Debt investments and put liabilities at FVOCI – net change in fair value — — — ( 15 ) — — ( 15 ) ( 9 ) ( 24 ) Total other comprehensive loss — — 2 ( 15 ) — ( 1 ) ( 14 ) ( 1 ) ( 15 ) Total comprehensive loss for the year — — ( 432 ) ( 15 ) — ( 1 ) ( 448 ) ( 52 ) ( 500 ) Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity Contributions by owners Share options exercised/restricted stock units vested 11 * 370 — — ( 346 ) — 24 — 24 Share-based payment 18 — — — — 304 — 304 — 304 Total contributions by owners * 370 — — ( 42