 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 27 Item 2. Properties 29 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 29 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 Information about our Executive Officers 30 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 32 Item 6. [Reserved] 33 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 77 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 77 Item 9B. Other Information 78 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 78 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 79 Item 11. Executive Compensation 80 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 80 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 80 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 81 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 82 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 85 Signatures 86 2 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT WITH RESPE CT TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The discussions set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain statements concerning potential future events. Such forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions by the Company’s management, as of the date of this Annual Report, including assumptions about risks and uncertainties faced by the Company. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements orally or in other writings, including, but not limited to, in press releases, in the annual report to shareholders and in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of such verbs as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes” or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. Forward-looking statements include any discussion of the trends and other factors that drive our business and future results in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their date. If any of management’s assumptions prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, the Company’s actual results could materially differ from those anticipated by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including, but not limited to, those factors identified under Item 1A “Risk Factors.” Readers are strongly encouraged to consider those factors when evaluating any forward-looking statements concerning the Company. Except as may be required by law, the Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report to reflect future events or developments. 3 Part I Item 1. Business Company Overview For more than 35 years, Garmin Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, we, our, us, the Company or Garmin) have pioneered new products, many of which feature location technology such as Global Positioning System (GPS), services and applications that are designed for people who live an active lifestyle. Garmin serves five primary markets: fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM. Garmin designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes a diverse family of GPS-enabled products and other navigation, communications, sensor-based and information products and services for these markets, as well as products installed by original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and for aftermarket applications. Since the inception of its business, Garmin has delivered over 300 million products, which included more than 20 million products delivered during fiscal 2025. Available Information Garmin’s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statement and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by Garmin’s directors and executive officers and all amendments to those reports will be made available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of Garmin’s website (www.garmin.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). The SEC maintains a website ( www.sec.gov ) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The reference to Garmin’s website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on this website, and such information should not be considered part of this report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document the Company files with the SEC, and any references to the Company’s website are intended to be inactive textual references only. The following description of Garmin’s business should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Products and Services Garmin offers a broad range of products and services across its reportable segments as outlined below. In general, Garmin believes that its products are known for their value, high performance, ease of use, innovation, and appealing design. Many of the Company’s products utilize GPS and other global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) receivers to support product features such as navigation, global positioning, and tracking. GPS is a United States owned satellite network constellation that supports global positioning, timing, and navigation, providing precise geographic location and related data to both commercial and government GPS receivers. Access to and use of the GPS systems commercial signal bands is provided free of charge. In addition to GPS, Garmin products utilize other GNSS including the Russian Global Navigation Satellite System (GLONASS), the European Union Galileo system (Galileo), and the Chinese BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS). Garmin products also use satellite-based augmentation systems (SBAS) including the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS), the Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS), and the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) for aviation Safety of Life (SoL) services. Garmin also uses localized satellite-based systems including the Quasi-Zenith Satellite System (QZSS) and the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS), with an operational name of NavIC (Navigation with Indian Constellation). Certain Garmin products offer access to private satellite networks from third-party providers on a subscription basis. Subscriptions to these services and networks enable certain features such as communication, weather, and mapping content. Network coverage and ability to connect to these third-party satellite networks to enable these features vary by location and jurisdiction. 4 Garmin has several applications to enhance and support the function of products sold by the Company. Garmin Connect™ and Garmin Connect™ Mobile are web and mobile platforms where users can track and analyze their fitness, activities and workouts, and wellness data. In addition, users can share their accomplishments, create training groups and group challenges, and get feedback and encouragement from the Connect community. Garmin Connect+ offers premium features, including personalized insights and performance dashboards, to users on a subscription basis. The Connect IQ™ application development platform enables third parties to create a variety of applications that run on a wide assortment of Garmin devices. Connect IQ provides developers with an easy-to-use software development kit (SDK) to facilitate development efforts in creating watch faces, applications, widgets, and data fields. These third-party applications are available for download by Garmin users via their mobile phone or computer and run on their compatible Garmin wearable, bike computer, or handheld devices for the golf, outdoor and marine markets. Fitness Garmin offers a broad range of products and services designed for use in health, wellness, and fitness activities. Garmin currently offers the following product categories and related services within the Fitness segment to consumers around the world: • Running: Garmin running watches are offered under the Forerunner® product series. The Forerunner series offers GPS-enabled watches with features unique to each model. Depending on the model, features include wrist-based biometrics, sports apps, triathlon and multisport profiles, AMOLED displays, music storage capabilities, mapping capabilities, LTE Connectivity, solar charging, built-in LED flashlights, speakers, microphones, and Garmin Pay™ contactless payment. • Cycling Products: Garmin cycling products include cycling computers (with solar charging on select models), power meters, bike radars, cameras, smart lights, and speed and cadence sensors. Additionally, Garmin offers Tacx® indoor training equipment including smart and basic trainers, and a smart bike. • Smartwatch Devices: Garmin offers a wide range of smartwatch devices. The Garmin product offerings include GPS-enabled smartwatches, fashion-forward hybrid smartwatches with analog style displays, and activity tracking fitness bands. The smartwatch devices offered by Garmin are the Venu® series, vívoactive® series, vívomove® series, Lily® series, vívosmart® series, and Bounce™ series. Each series of smartwatch devices offered has unique features, all to enhance and promote healthy and active lifestyles. Features of the smartwatch devices, depending on the series and model, include wrist-based heart rate monitoring, AMOLED displays, ECG app, Garmin Pay, music storage capabilities, and 24/7 health monitoring. • Scales and Monitors: Garmin offers a range of health and fitness accessories including chest strap heart rate monitors, smart scales, blood pressure monitors, and sleep monitors. • Sports Timing and Performance Analysis: Garmin, under the MYLAPS brand, offers sports timing and performance analysis solutions for professional timers, event organizers, clubs, racetracks, federations, and individual athletes. 5 Outdoor Garmin offers a broad range of products and services designed for use in outdoor activities. Garmin currently offers the following product categories and related services within the Outdoor segment to consumers around the world: • Adventure Watches: Garmin adventure watches offer a wide range of features, including wrist-based biometrics, sports apps, triathlon and multisport profiles, solar charging, music storage capabilities, preloaded full-color purpose-built adventure mapping of topography, ski resorts, and golf courses, LTE and satellite network connectivity, built-in LED flashlights, speakers, microphones, and Garmin Pay™ contactless payment, depending on the model. The fēnix® series is for active lifestyle users seeking a premium smartwatch experience. The Instinct® series offers features for users seeking a rugged and reliable outdoor GPS smartwatch. The tactix® series is for users looking for tactical-inspired features, such as night vision compatibility and stealth mode. The Enduro™ series is for users who want additional battery and solar charging enhancements to extend battery life. The MARQ® series collection of watches is for users seeking a luxury smart tool watch with premium materials . • inReach® and Garmin Response: Garmin offers several product lines that feature Garmin’s inReach capabilities. These devices include global satellite communication technology which, when combined with an active service plan, offers two-way text messaging, photo and voice messaging, weather forecasts, and S.O.S. capabilities anywhere in the world, depending on the model. These S.O.S. capabilities are supported 24/7 by Garmin’s professionally trained associates at Garmin Response, the Company’s global emergency response coordination center. • Outdoor Handhelds and Satellite Communicators: Garmin offers devices under the Montana®, eTrex®, GPSMAP®, and inReach product lines. Device offerings range from basic waypoints navigators to advanced color touchscreen devices offering barometric altimeter, with features such as 3-axis compass, cameras, preloaded maps, wi-fi and smartphone connectivity, two-way satellite communication using inReach technology, and solar charging, depending on model. Garmin also offers Outdoor Maps+, a subscription-based premium plan that offers subscribers access to premium mapping content across the globe. • Golf Devices: Garmin golf devices are offered under the Approach® product line. The Approach series includes wearable devices, laser rangefinders, launch monitors and simulators, club sensors, and handhelds. Garmin maintains a comprehensive collection of over 43,000 golf course maps to provide useful information during real or simulated rounds. Wearable and handheld golf devices, and laser rangefinders provide on-course yardage distances to the front, back, and middle of the green. Launch monitors and simulators track swing metrics and provide users the ability to play virtual rounds of golf. The Garmin Golf™ mobile app also offers scoring, shot tracking, and performance tracking features. Premium features, such as Green contours, CourseView maps, and Home Tee Hero virtual rounds, are available with a Garmin Golf membership plan. • Consumer Automotive: Garmin offers products for the consumer automotive markets and purpose-built products to support the ecosystems of the motorcycle, RV, trucking, and powersports markets. Products and solutions include personal navigation devices (PNDs), integrated and stand-alone dash cams, backup cameras, driving performance optimizers, rearview motorcycle radars, and premium trucking headsets. The dēzl™ ecosystem offers a broad range of products for professional truck drivers including headsets, electronic logging devices, and PNDs with over-the-road trucking features. The zūmo® series of PNDs is for users seeking motorcycle-specific features. The RV series of PNDs offers features specific to the RV enthusiast. Tread® is a line of rugged, all-terrain navigators with mapping specific for off-road guidance for overlanding, off-roading, and Baja racing, as well as live team tracking through integrated inReach technology in certain models. The Garmin Catalyst™ is an industry-first racing coach and driving performance optimizer. • Field : Garmin offers sportsman devices under the Xero® product line, including optics and sight products and a chronograph. Garmin offers a variety of dog tracking and training devices, including those under the Alpha®, PRO, BarkLimiter™, Delta®, and DriveTrack™ product lines. Garmin offers equine wellness systems under the Blaze™ product line. 6 • Dive Devices : Garmin offers the Descent™ product line of dive devices, including large-format and vibrant-display dive computers, watch-style dive computers, tank pressure monitors, and diver monitoring and communication buoys. The Descent dive computers are designed for users wanting diving functionality, including integrated air pressure monitoring, multiple dive modes for single and multiple gas dives (including nitrox and trimix), gauge, apnea, apnea hunt and closed-circuit rebreather. Garmin Descent transceivers allow users to monitor up to eight tanks when under water, viewing air pressure, depth, use rate and time remaining for multiple types of diving when paired with a compatible air-integrated Descent dive computer. Aviation Garmin designs, manufactures, and markets a wide range of innovative aircraft avionics solutions to the broad and diverse aviation sector. Avionics are sold directly into aircraft OEM applications as well as through Garmin’s worldwide dealer network for retrofit installations on existing aircraft. Garmin has developed innovative products and technologies serving general aviation, business aviation, rotorcraft, and experimental/light sport markets. Garmin solutions are available for all aircraft categories and classes; from small piston and electric-powered general aviation aircraft to large business jet aircraft, as well as a wide-ranging variety of helicopters, including those serving critical public service and oil/gas missions. Garmin also provides highly differentiated products and service solutions to other growth markets such as commercial air-carrier, military and defense, electric aircraft, and the Advanced Air Mobility / eVTOL space. By offering products such as Commercial Off-The-Shelf (COTS) and mission-optimized solutions to military and defense contractors/customers, and products tested and optimized for high duty cycle commercial aviation operations, Garmin continues to expand its leadership and presence within these high-growth markets. Garmin currently offers the following products, systems, and services to the global aviation market: • Integrated Flight Decks: Known for defining the integrated flight deck (IFD) space in general aviation and light business aviation applications, Garmin is delivering its third-generation IFD offering to OEMs and retrofit IFD applications. These solutions can be scaled for any size aircraft and rotorcraft, featuring communication and navigation, automatic flight control systems, weather information, terrain and traffic awareness and avoidance, aircraft performance, and automated safety solutions. • Electronic Flight Displays and Instrumentation: Garmin flight display and instrument solutions can serve as primary or back-up systems, which also provide a wealth of valuable information in the cockpit, dramatically increasing situational awareness and capability. • Navigation and Communication Products: Garmin offers a wide range of integrated and stand-alone GPS navigation and very high frequency (VHF) radio communication products, with a variety of capabilities, available for all market segments. • Automatic Flight Control Systems and Safety-Enhancing Technologies: Garmin offers scalable flight control systems with unique integrated safety features for aircraft and rotorcraft. Garmin Autopilots, and Autonomí™ safety-enhancing solutions cover a wide spectrum of aircraft, from super mid-size cabin business jets and helicopters to light general aviation aircraft. Garmin’s award-winning Autoland system will autonomously land the aircraft in the event the pilot is not able to do so, and Smart Glide™ will assist a pilot to get to the nearest airport in the event of the loss of engine power. Garmin also offers an innovative Smart Rudder Bias system that can help the pilot maintain control of a twin-engine aircraft in the event of an engine failure. • Audio Control Systems: Garmin produces a broad array of cutting-edge audio systems, including panel-mount and remote-mounted units, incorporating features such as Bluetooth connectivity, voice command technology, and integrated intercoms. 7 • Engine Indication Systems: Garmin offers a variety of stand-alone and integrated advanced engine indication systems for piston and turbine-powered aircraft with comprehensive data-logging capabilities as well as wireless data offloading, cloud storage and analysis capability through the flyGarmin.com online services portal. • Traffic Awareness and Avoidance Solutions: Garmin offers an array of traffic advisory and collision avoidance systems, including TAS and TCAS / ACAS solutions, with applications in all types of aircraft. • ADS-B and Transponders: Garmin offers a full lineup of ADS-B and transponder solutions, including ADS-B “Out” compliant solutions as well as ADS-B “In” and Bluetooth capable units that allow pilots to connect to their mobile device to display ADS-B traffic and weather. Garmin ADS-B solutions also enable safety technologies like Runway Occupancy Awareness and CDTI-Assisted Visual Separation. • Weather Information and Avoidance Solutions: Garmin offers multiple weather solutions, including onboard Doppler digital radar products, along with satellite-based SiriusXM, ground-based ADS-B, as well as Garmin Connext® global satellite weather options. • Datalink and Connectivity: Garmin datalink and connectivity solutions allow pilots to download global weather data, communication via text/voice, as well as select mobile apps to transfer flight plans, manage database subscriptions, perform automatic database updates, monitor aircraft systems in real time 24/7, and stream weather and traffic data from installed avionics solutions. • Portable GPS Navigators and Wearables: Garmin offers portable GPS navigators, smartwatches for pilots, satellite communicators, and portable traffic and weather solutions, providing pilots tools they can take with them from aircraft to aircraft. • Services: Garmin aviation services include the Garmin Pilot™ electronic flight bag tool, which is a multi-platform solution that helps pilots plan, file, fly, and log flights on both the web and mobile devices. Aircraft operators can also manage their aircraft via the Garmin PlaneSync connected aircraft management system, which gives live updates on select aircraft systems straight to the Garmin Pilot application and more. Pilots and aircraft operators can also select from a wide range of Garmin aviation databases and charting solutions, such as SmartCharts - the world’s first aviation charting solution specifically designed for digital replacement of traditional terminal charts. Additionally, business and commercial aviation customers utilize AeroData solutions for aircraft performance data (runway analysis), weight and balance, obstacle clearance and load planning. Garmin continues to provide industry-leading product support, and offers a wide selection of training products, extended warranties, and subscription services for all aviation markets. Marine Garmin offers a broad range of products and services designed for use in marine recreation applications. Garmin currently offers the following product categories and related services within the Marine segment to the global marine market: • Chartplotters and Multi-Function Displays (MFDs): Garmin offers numerous chartplotters/MFDs under the GPSMAP® and ECHOMAP™ product lines. The offerings range from 4-inch portable and fix-mounted products to 27-inch fully integrated Glass Helm offerings with 4k resolution displays, ultra-wide formats and include wireless connectivity to the ActiveCaptain® mobile app. • Cartography : Garmin supplies cartography for the recreational marine market. Garmin Navionics Vision+ ™ and Garmin Navionics Platinum+ ™ charts are compatible with most major chartplotters and MFDs on the market. Major features include the patented Auto Guidance+™ routing technology, satellite imagery, and 3D views . • Fishfinders: Garmin offers an advanced line of fishfinders, the Striker™ series, which incorporates GPS technology enabling Garmin Quickdraw™ Contours, and wireless features through the ActiveCaptain and StrikerCast mobile apps. 8 • SONAR: Garmin offers the LiveScope™ sonar system producing high resolution, live sonar views showing the true action under water. LiveScope provides real-time, high-resolution images that can be seen in downward, perspective, and forward-looking views for locating the fish and seeing what is coming before you get there. The Panoptix™ line shows detailed 3D underwater views of fish and structure under your boat with real-time images up to 1,000 feet deep. Garmin’s CHIRP “black-box” sounders and CHIRP transducers interface with Garmin MFDs to enhance their utility by providing the deep-water sounders and fishfinder functions in a remote mounted package. • Autopilot Systems: Garmin offers full-featured marine autopilot systems designed for sailboats and powerboats. The systems incorporate such features as remote steering, speed control, and Garmin’s patented Shadow Drive™ technology, which automatically disengages the autopilot if the helm is turned. Garmin has also introduced steer-by-wire autopilot capabilities for various types of steering systems. • RADAR: Garmin offers high-tech solid state Fantom™ radar with MotionScope™ Doppler technology, lowering system power consumption and increasing reliability, while greatly improving situational awareness of the captain. Fantom radars are available in both radome and open array radar products with compatibility to any network-compatible Garmin chartplotter. Garmin also offers a full line of magnetron radars with up to 25kW of transmit power. • Instruments : Garmin offers NMEA 2000 and NMEA 0183 compliant instrument displays and sensors that show data from multiple remote sources on one screen. • VHF Communication Radios: Garmin offers a full line-up of marine VHF radios and Automatic Identification System (AIS) transceivers with the latest feature sets including integrated GPS receivers for the communication needs of all types of mariners. Garmin radios are NMEA 2000 compatible, offer multi-station support, and monitor all AIS channels. • Handhelds and Wearable Devices: Garmin offers the quatix® series wearable, GPS-enabled smartwatches designed for mariners, which include marine features for navigation, sailing, stereo control, autopilot functions, tidal information, a built-in LED flashlight, and solar charging, depending on model. Garmin also offers floating marine GPS handhelds with wireless data transfer between compatible units and preloaded cartography. Some handhelds contain built-in inReach ® satellite communication. • Sailing: Garmin has integrated many basic and advanced sailing features into the Company ’ s MFD and instrument systems. These Garmin SailAssist™ features include enhanced wind rose with true and apparent wind data, POLAR tables, pre-race guidance, synchronized race timer, virtual starting line, time to burn and lay line data fields. • Audio: Garmin’s audio brands, Fusion® and JL Audio®, offer premium audio products and accessories, including head units, speakers, amplifiers, subwoofers, and other audio components. These products are designed specifically for the marine, powersports, aftermarket automotive, RV, and home environments, offering premium sound amplification, clarity, and supporting many connectivity options for integrating with MFDs, smartphones, and Garmin wearables. • Digital Switching: Garmin offers digital switching products under the EmpirBus™ product line for boats and RVs. The Garmin EmpirBus products provide power distribution and control solutions for marine and RV applications which enable advanced logic controls and automation to add smart electrical system features. The system features fully customizable graphics and user interface that can be controlled through Garmin’s multi-function displays. 9 • Trolling Motors: Garmin offers the Force ® Trolling Motor series, powerful, efficient trolling motors with built-in CHIRP and Ultra High-Definition ClearVü™ and SideVü™ sonar. The product line includes the Force Kraken with various sizes from 48” up to 110” shaft length and a pivot-style mount, the Force Pro with 50” and 57” shaft length sizes and a scissor-style mount, and the Force Current kayak trolling motor. The Force product line also connects wirelessly to Garmin chartplotters/MFDs to provide navigation, autopilot, and anchor lock integration. • Lighting: Garmin is a premier supplier of above water and below water lighting for marine and RV markets under the Lumishore ® name. The Lumishore product lines include single color, dual color, and full RGB lighting opens in a variety of power levels and installation options. These high-performance products offer zone control, automation, including audio inputs and integrate with Garmin’s MFD/mobile app systems. Auto OEM Garmin has cultivated key relationships with leading automobile manufacturers to be the provider of a variety of hardware and software solutions for their vehicles. Garmin currently offers the following product categories to the global auto market: • Domain Controllers: Garmin is a tier-one supplier of domain controllers, offering remote computing modules that control various systems throughout a vehicle including infotainment, instrumentation, key advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) functionality, and rear seat entertainment. • Infotainment Units: Garmin is a tier-one supplier of infotainment solutions, with offerings including centralized control and integrated multi-display platforms for premium audio and multimedia, navigation, cameras, smartphone links, customized voice recognition and personal assistants, and rear-seat entertainment instrument clusters. • Other: Garmin offers a collection of software, map database, camera, wearable, and other automotive solutions. Sales and Distribution Garmin’s distribution strategy is to support a broad and diverse network of sales channels for Garmin products while maintaining high quality standards to ensure end-user satisfaction. Garmin products are sold through a variety of indirect distribution channels, including a large worldwide network of independent retailers, dealers, distributors, installation and repair shops, and OEMs. Garmin also sells its products and services directly through the Garmin online webshop (garmin.com), subscriptions for connected services, and Garmin retail stores. During 2025, the Company’s net sales through its direct distribution channels accounted for greater than 10% of total net sales. Marketing support is provided geographically from Garmin’s offices around the world. Competition Garmin operates in highly competitive markets, though competitive conditions vary among the diverse target markets and geographies. Garmin believes the principal competitive factors impacting the market for its products are design, functionality, quality and reliability, customer service, brand, price, time-to-market and availability. Garmin believes that it generally competes favorably in each of these areas and as such, is generally a significant competitor in each of the major markets in which it operates. Garmin believes that its principal competitors for fitness products are Apple, Bryton, Coros, Elite, Google, Huawei, Oura, Polar, Samsung, SRAM, Suunto, Wahoo Fitness, Whoop, Xiaomi, Zepp Health, and Zwift. Garmin believes that its principal competitors for outdoor products are Apple, Casio, Coros, Dogtra, Globalstar, Infinition, Rand McNally, Samsung, Shearwater Research, SportDOG, Suunto, TAG Heuer, Tissot, TomTom, Trackman, Uneekor, Vista Outdoor, and Zoleo. Garmin considers its principal aviation competitors to be Aspen Avionics, Avidyne, Dynon Avionics, Jeppesen ForeFlight, Genesys Aerosystems, Honeywell Aerospace & Defense, Innovative Aerosystems, Collins Aerospace (RTX), Safran, Thales, and Universal Avionics Systems Corporation. For marine products, Garmin believes that its principal competitors are Furuno, Johnson Outdoors, Navico 10 (Brunswick), and Raymarine (Teledyne). Garmin believes that its principal competitors for auto OEM products are Alpine Electronics, Aptiv, Bosch, Continental, Harman (Samsung), LG, Panasonic, and Visteon. Research and Development Garmin’s product innovations are driven by its strong emphasis on research and development and the close partnership between Garmin’s engineering and manufacturing teams. Garmin’s products are created by its engineering and development staff. Garmin’s manufacturing staff includes manufacturing process engineers who work closely with Garmin’s design engineers to ensure manufacturability and manufacturing cost control for its products. Garmin’s development staff includes industrial designers, as well as software engineers, electrical engineers, mechanical engineers, and cartographic engineers. Manufacturing and Operations Garmin believes one of its core competencies is its vertically integrated manufacturing capabilities at its facilities in Taiwan, the U.S., the Netherlands, the U.K., Poland, and China. Garmin believes that operation of its own manufacturing facilities and distribution networks provides significant capability and flexibility to address the breadth and depth of resources necessary to serve its diverse products and markets. Specifically, Garmin believes that the vertical integration of its manufacturing capabilities provides advantages to product cost, quality, and time to market. Cost: Garmin’s manufacturing resources rapidly and iteratively prototype designs, concepts, products and processes, achieving higher efficiency and resulting in lower cost. Garmin’s vertical integration approach enables leveraging of manufacturing resources across high, mid, and low volume products. Sharing of these resources across product lines favorably affects Garmin’s costs to produce its range of products, with lower volume products realizing the economies of scale of higher volume products. The ownership and integration of its resources allows Garmin to optimize the design for manufacturing of its products, yielding improved cost. Quality: Garmin’s automation and advanced production processes provide in-service robustness and consistent reliability standards that enable Garmin to maintain strict process and quality control of the products manufactured, thereby improving the overall quality of the Company’s products. Additionally, the immediate feedback throughout the manufacturing processes is shared with the development teams, providing integrated continuous improvement throughout design and supply chain. Garmin’s design, manufacturing, distribution, and service functions in its U.S., Taiwan, China, Netherlands, and U.K. facilities are certified to ISO 9001, an international quality standard developed by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). Garmin’s automotive operations in Taiwan, China, Poland, and Olathe, Kansas (U.S.) have achieved IATF 16949 certification, a quality standard for automotive suppliers. Garmin’s Olathe, Kansas and Salem, Oregon (U.S.) aviation operations in the U.S. have achieved certification to AS9100, a quality standard for the aviation industry. Garmin has also implemented multiple health and safety management systems and achieved certification to the ISO 45001 standard for Health and Safety Management at facilities in the U.S., Taiwan, Poland, and China. Time to Market: Garmin uses multi-disciplinary teams of design engineers, process engineers, and supply chain specialists to develop products, allowing them to quickly move from concept to manufacturing. This integrated ownership provides inherent flexibility to enable faster time to market. 11 Materials Garmin purchases components from a large number of qualified suppliers. Although many components essential to Garmin’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain key components are currently obtained by the Company from single or limited sources, which subjects Garmin to supply and pricing risks. For these components, the Company has limited near-term flexibility to use other suppliers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or is unable to meet requirements. Extended disruptions at these suppliers or global shortages of essential components, such as memory chips, could impact Garmin’s ability to meet customer demand due to component shortages or increased lead times, or cause Garmin to incur higher product costs. However, Garmin mitigates this risk by leveraging multi-segment purchasing power and holding safety stock, and we believe these potential disruptions would not disproportionately disadvantage the Company relative to its competitors due to the Company’s vertical integration strategy, which provides opportunities to quickly deploy new product designs. Seasonality The Company’s net sales are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Sales of the Company’s consumer products are generally highest in the fourth quarter due to increased demand during the holiday buying season, and many marine products experience increased demand in the first and second quarters in advance of the summer boating season. Sales of the Company’s consumer products are also influenced by the timing of new product introductions. The Company’s aviation and auto OEM products do not experience much seasonal variation, but are more influenced by the timing of aircraft certifications, regulatory mandates, auto program manufacturing, and the release of new products when the initial demand is typically the strongest. Intellectual Property Garmin’s success and ability to compete is dependent, in part, on its proprietary technology. Garmin relies on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, to establish and protect its proprietary rights. In addition, Garmin often relies on licenses of intellectual property for use in its business. As of December 27, 2025, Garmin has been issued over 2,100 patents throughout the world and holds more than 1,290 trademark registrations. The duration of patents varies in accordance with the provisions of applicable local law. Garmin believes that its continued success depends on the intellectual skills of its employees and their ability to continue to innovate. Garmin will continue to file and prosecute patent applications when appropriate to attempt to protect Garmin’s rights in its proprietary technologies. There is no assurance that Garmin’s current patents, or patents that Garmin may later acquire, may successfully withstand any challenge, in whole or in part. It is also possible that any patent issued to Garmin may not provide the Company with any competitive advantages, or that the patents of others will preclude Garmin from manufacturing and marketing certain products. Despite Garmin’s efforts to protect its proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of its products or to obtain and use information that the Company regards as proprietary. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce the Company’s intellectual property rights, to protect Garmin trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Environmental Matters Garmin has a global environmental policy and is committed to protecting the environment throughout various aspects of its business. Garmin has implemented multiple environmental management systems and achieved certification to the ISO 14001 standard for Environmental Management at facilities in the U.S., U.K., Taiwan, Poland, and China. Garmin has also implemented energy management systems and achieved certification to the ISO 50001 standard for Energy Management at its manufacturing facilities in Taiwan. Garmin actively manages its environmental impact by continually assessing and reviewing its environmental sustainability efforts. Garmin reduces its greenhouse gas emissions through direct carbon emissions reduction and elimination strategies. Certain Garmin facilities, including its facilities in Olathe, Kansas (U.S.), utilize renewable electricity through power purchase agreements with utility providers or from on-site generation. Strategies to further reduce greenhouse gas emissions include increasing renewable electricity utilization where it 12 is available to us under reasonable terms and conditions. Garmin also continuously works to reduce waste and increase recycling and composting. Garmin’s operations are subject to various environmental laws, including laws addressing air and water pollution and management of hazardous substances and wastes. Capital expenditures for environmental controls are included in the Company’s normal capital budget. Historically, capital expenditures associated with environmental controls have not been material, and compliance with environmental laws has not had a material impact on the Company’s competitive position. Many of Garmin's products are subject to laws relating to the chemical and material composition of the Company’s products and their energy efficiency. Garmin is also subject to extended producer responsibility laws and regulations requiring manufacturers to be responsible for collection, recovery, and recycling of wastes from certain electronic products. Historically, compliance with environmental laws has not had a material impact on the Company’s profitability. Garmin has processes to monitor environmental law changes and to evaluate the potential impact of such laws to its business, but the impact of future enactment of environmental laws cannot yet be fully determined and could be substantial. Certain other laws or regulations that are developed in part due to environmental considerations may be applicable to Garmin or Garmin products and could impact the design and development of products, financial position, or results of operations of the Company. Human Capital Successful execution of the Company’s strategy depends on attracting, developing, and retaining key employees and members of Garmin’s management team. To facilitate talent attraction and retention, Garmin provides opportunities for its employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by generous compensation and benefits, and through programs that build connections among employees and their communities. Garmin believes its efforts in managing its workforce have been effective, as evidenced by a strong company culture and positive relations between the Company and its employees. As of December 27, 2025, the Company had approximately 23,000 full and part-time employees worldwide, of whom approximately 8,100 were in the Americas region, 11,400 were in APAC (Asia Pacific and Australian Continent), and 3,500 were in EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa). Garmin’s vertical integration model enables it to provide a variety of opportunities across many different professions including engineering, human resources, information technology, marketing, sales, and operations. The Company’s products are created by its engineering and development staff, which numbered approximately 6,500 people worldwide as of December 27, 2025. Garmin’s manufacturing staff, which numbered approximately 10,200 people worldwide as of December 27, 2025, includes manufacturing process engineers who work closely with Garmin’s design engineers to ensure manufacturability and manufacturing cost control for its products. Garmin offers a range of generous benefits programs to its employees that enable the attraction and retention of leading talent. In addition to salaries, these programs (which vary by country/region) include stock compensation, savings plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which provides employees an opportunity to acquire company ownership for a discounted price. Garmin also invests significant resources in talent development programs to provide employees with the training and education they need to help achieve their career goals, build relevant skills, and lead their organizations. Business Resource Groups provide opportunities for employees to connect, network, and become involved in community engagement initiatives. Garmin supports local community engagement initiatives where it has a business presence and provides opportunities for employees to give back to those communities. One such initiative is through active engagement in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (“STEM”) community outreach programs. Garmin’s strategic aim in these educational programs is to educate and encourage local students of all backgrounds to pursue careers in the engineering field. 13 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business Risks If we are not successful in the continued development, timely manufacture, and introduction of new products or product categories, overall demand for our products could decrease to the extent that total sales and profits decline. A significant portion of our revenue has been, and we expect in the future will continue to be, derived from sales of newly introduced products. The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and regulations and changes in customer needs. If we fail to introduce new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology, industry standards, regulatory requirements or customer needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make significant investments in research and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance for such products. However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully completed or, if developed, will achieve significant customer acceptance. If we are unable to successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. There are many factors that can affect new product offerings, product features, and timeliness to market. Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or may materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products to new technologies as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products. The timely availability of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success. Any future challenges related to new products, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, supply chain constraints, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory approval, or otherwise, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, the associated loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. The markets for many of our products and services are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products or secure better product positioning with retailers. Additionally, existing and emerging competitors have been able to replicate certain features offered by some of our products and services or respond more rapidly to emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. Some of our original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers may develop in-house equipment and components that they currently purchase from us. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against current or future competitors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 We may experience unique economic and political risks associated with companies that operate in Taiwan. Our principal manufacturing facilities for consumer products are located in Taiwan. The People’s Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, asserts sovereignty over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands, and all of mainland China. The PRC government does not recognize the legitimacy of the Taiwan government. Although significant economic and cultural relations exist between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan. There is also a risk that the PRC government may unilaterally seek to occupy Taiwan, by force if necessary, without a clear triggering event. In this scenario, Garmin’s manufacturing facilities and suppliers based in Taiwan could be subject to disruptions that could have a material negative impact to our operations. United States–Taiwan relations are governed by the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act, which signifies when the U.S. switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to the PRC, referred to as the "one-China" policy. China's relations with Taiwan may also be influenced by changes in relations between the U.S. and China or other geopolitical conditions. Deviations from the "one-China" policy or other conflicts or disputes could lead to adverse changes in China-U.S. and China-Taiwan relations and could materially adversely affect our manufacturing operations and suppliers based in Taiwan, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have made and may continue making significant investments in the auto OEM segment, the associated cost of which may negatively impact total company profits. We have been awarded several tier-one and tier-two auto OEM supplier contracts. To fulfill the associated program commitments, we have invested significantly in facilities, research and development, and other operating expenses. Operating performance of the auto OEM segment has negatively impacted our consolidated operating income, as the associated revenue and gross profit have not been sufficient to cover these costs. If we are not successful in winning additional contracts, substantially leveraging our past and future investments, and implementing and maintaining efficient manufacturing processes, the auto OEM segment’s contributions may continue to negatively impact total company profits. We may incur substantial restructuring costs if we are unable to generate profits from auto OEM contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on third party suppliers and licensors, some of which are sole source, for technology and components used in our products. Our production and business would be seriously harmed if these suppliers or licensors are not able to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise. We are dependent on third party suppliers for various components used in our current products. Some of the components that we procure from third party suppliers include semiconductors, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors. The availability of high-quality components at reasonable cost is essential to the successful production and sale of our products. Some components we use are from sole source suppliers. We have experienced and expect to in the future experience shortages of certain components, as well as delays in procuring certain components. In addition, a shortage in supply of components may result in an increase of the costs of procuring these components. Supply chain disruptions, including suppliers being unable to meet our demand for components or the inability to obtain components from alternative sources, or component cost increases could affect our ability to maintain timely and cost-effective production of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products are also dependent on certain licensed technology and content. If we are unable to continue sourcing such technology and content from our licensors and are unable to obtain an alternative source, or if our relationships with our licensors change detrimentally, our ability to provide certain features in our products would be affected, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 15 Our business has been and is expected to continue to be impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions. Our company, our global supply chain, and our global distribution network have experienced and are expected to continue to be exposed to information technology system failures and network disruptions including those caused by natural disasters, human error, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents. Failures or disruptions of our internal operations, our systems, the systems of our supply chain partners, or the systems of our business partners, which can include, among other things, order processing, invoicing, and manufacturing and distribution of products, and a loss of functionality of critical systems and online services, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have technology and processes in place designed to detect and respond to such failures and disruptions. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, and the nature of other potential incidents change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, our detection and response measures may be ineffective or inadequate. Furthermore, even with appropriate training conducted in support of such measures, human errors and omissions may still occur resulting in system failures and/or disruptions to our information technology infrastructure. Therefore, our business continuity and disaster recovery planning, or those of others in our global supply chain, may not be able to sufficiently mitigate all threats and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of proprietary or confidential information, including personal information, could result in significant reputational, financial, legal, and operational consequences. We have in the past experienced, and expect to continue to experience, malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems that seek to compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of proprietary and confidential information. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, to conduct additional employee training, and to engage third party security experts and consultants. A breach of our security systems and procedures or those of others in our global supply chain could result in significant data losses or theft of our intellectual property, confidential and proprietary information, or that of our business partners, as well as our users’ or employees' personal information, which could compromise our competitive position, reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Such events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, if we fail to reasonably maintain the security of our intellectual property, confidential and proprietary information, or that of our business partners, or the personal information of our users or employees, we may be subject to private litigation, government investigations, regulatory proceedings, enforcement actions, and cause us to incur potentially significant liability, damages, or remediation costs. Although we maintain cyber insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and significant self-insured retentions, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business would suffer if we are not able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel. Our future success depends significantly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, and administrative personnel. Recruiting and retaining the skilled personnel we require to maintain and grow our market position has been and is expected to continue to be challenging. Shortages in qualified workforce personnel may lead to increased compensation costs in order for us to recruit and retain such personnel. If we fail to hire and retain qualified employees, our business and growth prospects will be harmed, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from paying certain severance payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions. We do not have key person life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance. The loss of the services of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not correctly anticipate demand for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could have costly excess production or inventories. The demand for our products depends on many factors and may be difficult to forecast due to our increasingly diverse product portfolio, intensifying competition in the markets for our products, and the maturing of markets for some of our products. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand have caused and could in the future cause the following challenges to our operations: • If demand increases beyond what we forecast, we may not be able to adequately increase production to meet demand. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough, due to supply chain issues or other constraints, to meet unexpected demand. • Additionally, rapid increases in production levels to meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components, higher freight costs associated with urgent distribution of the products, and other expenses. These higher costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may also lower our profit margins and reduce customer satisfaction. • If actual results are significantly lower than forecasted demand, we could have excess inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some or all of the excess inventories. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower profit margins. These events, or others related to inaccurately anticipating demand, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and services may be affected by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and services, or those of our OEM customers in which our products are installed, could be affected by design and manufacturing defects. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in our products and services, and may have limited ability to respond to those impacting our OEM customers. Failure to do so can result, and in the past has resulted in recalls, product replacements or modifications, and may cause reputational harm, and significant warranty and other expenses, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our products malfunction or contain errors or defects, we could also be subject to significant liability for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances, could be subject to a judgment for punitive damages. We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance would be sufficient to cover the cost of litigation or damages to others or that such insurance will continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates. In addition, insurance coverage may not cover awards of punitive damages and may not cover the cost of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover the award, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our products may contain undetected security vulnerabilities, which could result in damage to our reputation, lost revenue, diverted development resources, increased warranty claims, and litigation. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products could expose them to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy viruses and other malicious software programs that could attack our products. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and lead some customers to return products, to reduce or delay future purchases, or use competing products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 17 Natural disasters, catastrophic events, or climate change and associated requirements and pressures could affect our financial results. Natural disasters and extreme weather events, such as tsunamis, typhoons, floods, wildfires, or earthquakes, could occur in a region where we have a manufacturing or warehousing facility which could cause disruptions in our business operations, loss of inventory, or affect the sale of our products. Global climate change could also result in certain types of these natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity. For descriptions and locations of our principal properties, see Item 2, “Properties”. These events could also have an impact on our suppliers and affect our supply chain, or our customers and affect the demand for our products. If our backup and recovery plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption or if our insurance is not sufficient to recover the costs associated with these types of events, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Climate change can also pose a risk to our business due to related regulatory and legislative measures, requirements of our OEM customers or other strategic partners, and evolving societal pressures, including pressures to reduce the carbon footprint of the aviation and marine industries, which could negatively impact the market for our products. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulates greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it under the Clean Air Act. U.S. Congress, in addition to other regulatory authorities and legislative bodies around the world, could pass further legislation to mandate greenhouse gas emission reduction, implement cap-and-trade programs, or promote renewable energy and energy efficiency. Such measures could influence mobility and transportation trends, which could decrease the demand for certain of our products, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If climate change has impacts on natural disasters, the regulatory environment, or societal pressures as discussed above, it could result in a change in demand for certain products in markets that we serve, including auto, aviation, and marine. If we fail to adjust our product and service offerings to respond to new opportunities driven by changes in regulation and/or consumer preferences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Because it is uncertain what laws and regulations will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Enactment of additional laws and regulations directed at climate change policy could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on independent dealers and distributors to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business. Because we sell many of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for our products. These distribution channel-related risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our sales could be negatively impacted if dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient levels to meet customer demand. Many of our dealers and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our large customers may also seek to leverage their position to improve their profitability through increased promotional programs or other measures, which could have a negative impact on our gross margin. Additionally, the loss of any large customer could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on concentration of credit risk. 18 We may pursue strategic acquisitions, investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully identify, evaluate, complete, and integrate such transactions. We continually evaluate acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products, or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings, additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to complete those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any past or future acquisition could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees, operations, and products and diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other business issues and opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. Due diligence performed prior to closing acquisitions may not uncover certain risks or liabilities that could materially impact our business and financial results. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. We may not successfully integrate business, operational, and financial activities such as internal controls, Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance, cyber security measures, the GDPR and other corporate governance and regulatory matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions we may make in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Many of our products rely on satellite systems and networks. Disruption to our use of those satellite systems and networks could harm our business. Many of our products utilize Global Positioning System (GPS) and other global navigation satellite systems (GNSS), which are critical to their functionality. There are risks related to our reliance on GPS and GNSS that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. GPS is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense. The Department of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground support systems are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. GPS satellites have a limited lifespan and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate. The U.S. Space Force and Missile Systems Center continue to launch new satellites to replace retired and aged satellites. Despite ongoing efforts to repair, maintain and replace non-operational satellites, if a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable, there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites may impair the current utility of GPS and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. Furthermore, as GPS satellites and ground control segment facilities are being modernized, software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates. GPS is operated by the U.S. Government, which is currently committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however, if the policy were to change, and commercial access to GPS was no longer supported by the U.S. Government, or if user fees or other restrictions were imposed, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Products and services that rely on the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) are vulnerable to external interference, such as jamming and spoofing. Jamming is a deliberate disruption of signals, which prevents a device from determining its location, while spoofing involves transmitting signals that mislead a receiver with a false location. Although jamming and spoofing equipment are typically used in military campaigns, such equipment available commercially can also result in jamming and spoofing. While there are regulations that prohibit the use of jamming and spoofing equipment, if GNSS signals used by our products are disrupted or manipulated it could limit or compromise the location-based features of our products which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 Some of our products also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS) and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS). Some products also use regional satellite systems like the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS), operating as NavIC (Navigation with Indian Constellation) and Quasi-Zenith Satellite System (QZSS). Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user capability for many of our aviation products, thereby impacting our markets, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our products also use satellite signals from Russia’s GLONASS, the European Union Galileo system, and the Chinese BDS. National or European authorities may provide preferential access to signals to companies associated with their markets, including our competitors, which could harm our competitive position. Use of non-U.S. GNSS signals may also be subject to FCC waiver requirements and to restrictions based upon international trade or geopolitical considerations. If we are unable to develop timely and competitive commercial products using these systems, or obtain timely and equal access to service signals, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our products and services also utilize non-navigation satellite networks, such as satellite networks utilized for communication, weather, and mapping content, operated by third parties, such as Iridium Communications and Skylo. Any disruption to these satellite systems or extended periods of reduced service by these systems could result in lost customers or revenue. If Garmin is unable to maintain contracts with the third parties that operate these satellite communications systems, the features of the products and services that leverage these systems would no longer function, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on the availability and unimpaired use of allocated bands within the radio frequency spectrum; our products may be subject to harmful interference from new or modified spectrum uses. Our GPS technology is dependent on the use of the Standard Positioning Service (SPS) provided by the U.S. Government’s GPS satellites. GPS operates in radio frequency bands that are globally allocated for radio navigation satellite services. International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations. These allocations are further governed by radio regulations that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference. Each country also has regulatory authority on how each band is used. In the United States, the FCC and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) share responsibility for radio frequency allocations and spectrum usage regulations. Our radar altimeter products for aircraft operate in a radio frequency band just above the C-band that has been allocated for 5G mobile wireless systems. There is a risk that 5G telecommunication systems operating in the vicinity of airports could cause harmful interference to radar altimeters resulting in inaccurate altimeter readings or complete altimeter failure. This or any other ITU or national reallocation of radio frequency spectrum, including frequency band segmentation or sharing of spectrum, or other modifications of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may affect the utility and reliability of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic and Industry Risks Maturation or contraction of the market for wearable devices or categories of these devices could adversely affect our revenue and profits. We have experienced periods of annual growth in sales and profits in our outdoor and fitness segments, which have benefited from increased sales of wearable devices. However, we have also experienced periods of declines in sales and profits in these segments. If the overall wearable device market declines, or categories of devices within the wearable device market decline significantly, or if we lose significant market share in the wearable device market, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 20 Changes to trade regulations, including trade restrictions, such as tariffs, duties, and sanctions could significantly harm our results of operations. The rapidly evolving international trade environment has created economic and operational uncertainties that could result in outcomes that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain of the goods we import are subject to tariffs and duties imposed by customs authorities of the jurisdictions into which they are imported. We manufacture our products in, and source goods from, multiple jurisdictions, such as Taiwan and China among others. New or increased tariffs, duties, or other trade restrictions imposed on products, goods, or components we import into the United States or other countries could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, some tariffs and duties are based on the classifications of the goods imported, which are routinely subject to review by customs authorities. We are unable to predict whether those authorities will challenge the classifications of any of our imports. Any changes that stem from such challenges could result in increased tariffs or duties, or other restrictions on our importation of goods. The imposition of and our response to new or enhanced trade restrictions on imports or exports, or any selective or inconsistent application relating to trade restrictions, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic and geopolitical conditions and uncertainty could adversely affect our revenue and profits. Our revenue and profits depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. We have operations outside the United States that make up a significant portion of our total revenue, which can present challenges depending on economic and geopolitical conditions on both a global and regional scale. Adverse economic conditions, including higher interest rates, inflation, higher fuel prices, higher unemployment, or recession, could adversely affect demand for our products and services. Economic weakness or constrained consumer and business spending has in the past resulted in periods of decreased revenue, and could in the future result in decreased revenue and problems with our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. In addition, financial difficulties experienced by our retailers and OEM customers have resulted, and