 We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses. The following is a summary of some of the more important factors that could affect our businesses: Market • Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and broader economic conditions. • Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly where we have net “long” positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral. • Our market-making activities have been and may in the future be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility. • Our investment banking, client intermediation, asset management and wealth management businesses have in the past been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions. • Our asset management and wealth management businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees. • Inflation has had and could in the future have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Liquidity • Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets. • Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. • Reductions in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads may adversely affect our liquidity and cost of funding. • Group Inc. is a holding company and its liquidity depends on payments and loans from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to legal, regulatory and other restrictions on providing funds or assets to Group Inc. Credit • Our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of or defaults by third parties. • Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. • Derivative transactions and delayed documentation or settlements expose us to credit risk, unexpected risks and potential losses. Operational • A failure in our or third-party operational systems or human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. • A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses. • The development and use of AI present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. • A failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients’ information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. • We have in the past incurred and may in the future incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 32 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Legal and Regulatory • Our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world. • A failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest has in the past adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our businesses. • We may be adversely affected by governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity. • Substantial civil or criminal liability or significant regulatory action against us has in the past had and may in the future have material adverse financial effects and significant reputational consequences, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. • In conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, legal, regulatory, tax and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries. • The application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for Group Inc.’s security holders. • The application of Group Inc.’s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for Group Inc.’s security holders. • Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs. Competition • Our results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the composition of our client base. • The financial services industry is highly competitive. • The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new products and technologies, including trading and distributed ledger technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, and AI technologies, has increased competition. • Our businesses would be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. Market Developments and General Business Environment • Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events or other natural disasters. • Climate-related physical and transition risks could disrupt our businesses and adversely affect client activity levels and the creditworthiness of our clients and counterparties, and we are at increased risk of being subject to conflicting legal and regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations regarding climate-related matters. • Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by conflicts, and related sanctions and other developments. • Certain of our businesses and our funding instruments may be adversely affected by changes in reference rates, currencies, indexes, baskets or ETFs to which products we offer or funding that we raise are linked. • Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by escalating tensions between the U.S. and China. • We face enhanced risks as we operate in new locations and transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties. • We may not be able to fully realize the expected benefits or synergies from acquisitions, joint ventures or other business initiatives in the time frames we expect, or at all. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 33 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The following are detailed descriptions of our Risk Factors summarized above: Market Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and broader economic conditions. Many of our businesses, by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings, and all of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. These conditions can change suddenly and negatively. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, high global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions that result in transparent, liquid and efficient capital markets, low inflation, business, consumer and investor confidence, stable geopolitical conditions and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by: low levels of or declines in economic growth, business activity or investor, business or consumer confidence; concerns over a potential recession; changes in consumer spending or borrowing patterns; pandemics; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; illiquid markets; increases in inflation or interest rates; exchange rate or basic commodity price volatility; increasing or high default rates; high levels of inflation or stagflation; concerns about U.S. and other sovereign defaults; uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, government shutdowns, debt ceilings or funding; the extent of and uncertainty about potential changes in tax rates and regulatory changes; limitations on international trade and travel; changes in immigration policies; laws and regulations that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities of issuers outside their domestic markets; political instability or violence; outbreaks or worsening of domestic or international tensions or hostilities, terrorism, nuclear proliferation, cybersecurity threats or attacks and other forms of disruption to or curtailment of global communication, energy transmission or transportation networks or other geopolitical instability or uncertainty; corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. The financial services industry and the securities and other financial markets have been materially and adversely affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes, by a severe lack of liquidity and by high levels of borrower defaults. In addition, concerns about actual or potential increases in interest rates, inflation and other borrowing costs, a public health emergency, sovereign debt risk and its impact on the relevant sovereign banking system, and limitations on international trade, have, at times, negatively impacted the levels of client activity. General uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and impact of regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and CEO confidence resulting in large part from such uncertainty, has in the past negatively impacted client activity, which has in the past adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect many of our businesses. The outcomes of political elections could also result in changes in policy, which could have adverse effects on us or the business environment in which we operate more generally. Periods of low volatility and periods of high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses. Changes, or proposed changes, to U.S. international trade and investment policies, particularly with important trading partners, have in recent years negatively impacted financial markets. Continued or escalating tensions may result in further actions taken by the U.S. or other countries that could disrupt international trade and investment and adversely affect financial markets. Those actions could include, among others, the implementation of or increase in sanctions, tariffs or foreign exchange measures, the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury securities or other restrictions on cross-border trade, investment, or transfer of information or technology. For example, in April 2025, the U.S. announced broad tariffs on imports from China and other U.S. trading partners, and China subsequently announced changes in trade practices, including with respect to the export of rare earth minerals. Such developments have in the past affected and could in the future adversely affect our or our clients’ businesses. Financial institution returns may be negatively impacted by increased funding costs due in part to the lack of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises relative to financial institutions in countries in which governmental support is maintained. In addition, liquidity in the financial markets has in the past been and could in the future be negatively impacted as market participants and market practices and structures adjust to evolving regulatory frameworks. 34 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The U.S. federal government has in the past reached and may in the future reach the statutory limit of its outstanding debt. In that situation, if Congress does not raise or suspend the debt ceiling, the U.S. could default on its obligations, including Treasury securities that play an integral role in financial markets. A default by the U.S. could result in unprecedented market volatility and illiquidity, heightened operational risks relating to the clearance and settlement of transactions, margin and other disputes with clients and counterparties, an adverse impact to investors including money market funds that invest in U.S. Treasuries, downgrades in the U.S. credit rating, further increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and a recession in the U.S. or other economies. Continued uncertainty relating to the debt ceiling could result in downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, which could adversely affect market conditions, lead to margin disputes, increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and necessitate significant operational changes among market participants, including us. A downgrade of the U.S. federal government’s credit rating could also materially and adversely affect the market for repurchase agreements, securities borrowing and lending, and other financings typically collateralized by U.S. Treasury or agency obligations. Further, the fair value, liquidity and credit ratings of securities issued by, or other obligations of, agencies of the U.S. government or related to the U.S. government or its agencies, as well as municipal bonds could be similarly adversely affected. An increasing frequency of government shutdowns, or near shutdowns, in the U.S. could also lead to uncertainty as to the continued funding of the U.S. government, which could, in turn, adversely affect the credit ratings of the U.S. and the market for U.S. Treasury or agency obligations, and shutdowns could adversely affect our underwriting business. Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly where we have net “long” positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral. Many of our businesses have net “long” positions in debt securities, loans, derivatives, mortgages, equities (including private equity and real estate) and most other asset classes. These include positions we take when we act as a principal to facilitate our clients’ activities, including our exchange-based market-making activities, or commit large amounts of capital to maintain positions in interest rate and credit products, as well as through our currencies, commodities, equities and mortgage-related activities. In addition, we invest in similar asset classes. Substantially all of our investing and market-making positions and a portion of our loans are marked-to-market on a daily or other periodic basis and declines in asset values directly and promptly impact our earnings, unless we have effectively “hedged” our exposures to those declines. In certain circumstances, it may not be possible or economic to hedge our exposures and, to the extent that we do so, the hedge may be ineffective or may greatly reduce our ability to profit from increases in the values of the assets. This is particularly the case for credit products, including leveraged loans, private credit, and private equities or other securities that are not freely tradable or lack established and liquid trading markets. Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets have in the past substantially curtailed or eliminated and may in the future substantially curtail or eliminate the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets. We may incur losses from time to time as trading markets deteriorate or cease to function, including with respect to loan commitments we have made or securities offerings we have underwritten. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets has in the past negatively affected and may in the future negatively affect our capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, our funding costs and our ability to deploy capital. In our exchange-based market-making activities, we are obligated by stock exchange rules to maintain an orderly market, including by purchasing securities in a declining market. In markets where asset values are declining and in volatile markets, this results in losses and an increased need for liquidity. We receive asset-based management fees based on the value of our clients’ portfolios or investment in funds managed by us and, in some cases, we also receive incentive fees based on increases in the value of such investments. Declines in asset values would ordinarily reduce the value of our clients’ portfolios or fund assets, which in turn would typically reduce the fees we earn for managing such assets. We post collateral to support our obligations and receive collateral that supports the obligations of our clients and counterparties. When the value of the assets posted as collateral or the credit ratings of the party posting collateral decline, the party posting the collateral may need to provide additional collateral or, if possible, reduce its trading position. An example of such a situation is a “margin call” in connection with a brokerage account. Therefore, declines in the value of asset classes used as collateral mean that either the cost of funding positions is increased or the size of positions is decreased or both. If we are the party providing collateral, this can increase our costs and reduce our profitability and if we are the party receiving collateral, this can also increase our risk and/or reduce our profitability by reducing the level of business done with our clients and counterparties. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 35 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES In addition, volatile or less liquid markets increase the difficulty of valuing assets, which can lead to costly and time-consuming disputes over asset values and the level of required collateral, as well as increased credit risk to the recipient of the collateral due to delays in receiving adequate collateral. In cases where we foreclose on collateral, sudden declines in the value or liquidity of the collateral have in the past resulted in and may in the future result in significant losses to us, especially where there is a single type of collateral supporting the obligation. In addition, we have been and may in the future be subject to claims that the foreclosure was not permitted under the legal documents, was conducted in an improper manner, including in violation of law, or caused a client or counterparty to incur significant losses or go out of business. Our market-making activities have been and may in the future be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility. Certain of our market-making activities depend on market volatility to provide trading and arbitrage opportunities to our clients, and decreases in volatility have reduced and may in the future reduce these opportunities and the level of client activity associated with them and have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect the results of these activities. While increased volatility can increase trading volumes and spreads, it also increases risk as measured by Value-at-Risk (VaR) and increases risks in connection with our market-making activities and can cause us to reduce our inventory. Limiting the size of our market-making positions can adversely affect our profitability. In periods when volatility is increasing, but asset values are declining significantly, it may not be possible to sell assets at all or it may only be possible to do so at steep discounts. In those circumstances, we have been and may in the future be forced to either take on additional risk or to realize losses in order to decrease our VaR. In addition, increases in volatility increase the level of our RWAs, which increases the amount of capital that we are required to hold, and this can reduce our profitability and reduce our ability to distribute capital to our shareholders. For example, in August 2024, market volatility increased significantly, which adversely affected activity levels, increased our market RWAs and adversely impacted our results on some days. Our investment banking, client intermediation, asset management and wealth management businesses have in the past been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions. Our investment banking business has in the past been and may in the future be adversely affected by market conditions. Poor economic conditions and other uncertain geopolitical conditions may adversely affect and have in the past adversely affected investor and CEO confidence, resulting in significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and of advisory transactions, which would likely have and have in the past had an adverse effect on our revenues and our profit margins. In particular, because a significant portion of our investment banking revenues is derived from our participation in large transactions, a decline in the number of large transactions has in the past and would in the future adversely affect our investment banking business. Similarly, in recent years, cross-border initial public offerings and other securities offerings have accounted for a significant proportion of new issuance activity. Legislative, regulatory or other changes that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities outside the issuers’ domestic markets, that result in or could result in the delisting or removal of securities from exchanges or indices, have in the past adversely affected and would in the future adversely affect our underwriting and client intermediation businesses. Furthermore, changes, or proposed changes, to international trade and investment policies of the U.S. and other countries could negatively affect market activity levels and our revenues. In certain circumstances, market uncertainty or general declines in market or economic activity may adversely affect our client intermediation businesses by decreasing levels of overall activity or by decreasing volatility. Market uncertainty, volatility and adverse economic conditions, as well as declines in asset values, may cause our clients to transfer their assets out of our funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues, principally in our asset management and wealth management businesses. Even if clients do not withdraw their funds, they may invest them in products that generate less fee income. 36 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Our asset management and wealth management businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees. Poor investment returns in our asset management and wealth management businesses, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by funds or accounts that we manage or investment products that we design or sell, affect our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. This could affect the management and incentive fees that we earn on AUS or the commissions and net spreads that we earn for selling other investment products. To the extent that our clients choose to invest in products that we do not currently offer, we will suffer outflows and a loss of management fees. Further, if, due to changes in investor sentiment or the relative performance of certain asset classes or otherwise, clients continue to invest in products that generate lower fees (e.g., passively managed or fixed income products), our average effective management fee will decline further and our asset management and wealth management businesses could be adversely affected. Inflation has had and could in the future have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Inflationary pressures in recent years have affected economies, financial markets and market participants worldwide. Inflationary pressures in recent years have increased certain of our operating expenses, and have adversely affected consumer sentiment and CEO confidence. Central bank responses to inflationary pressures in recent years have also resulted in higher market interest rates relative to earlier years, which, in turn, have at times contributed to lower activity levels across financial markets, in particular for debt underwriting transactions and mortgage originations, and in some cases resulted in lower values for certain financial assets which have adversely affected our equity and debt investments. Higher interest rates increase our borrowing costs and rising interest rates have in recent years required us to increase interest paid on our deposits. If inflationary pressures increase, our expenses may increase; we may be unable to achieve our efficiency ratio target; activity levels for certain of our businesses, in particular debt underwriting and mortgages, may decline; our interest expense could increase faster than our interest income, reducing our net interest income and net interest margin; certain of our investments could incur losses or generally low levels of returns; AUS could decline, or the composition of our AUS could shift to lower fee products, reducing management and other fees; economies worldwide could experience recessions; and we could operate in a generally unfavorable economic and market environment. Liquidity Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets. Liquidity is essential to our businesses. It is of critical importance to us, as most of the failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to raise or retain deposits, an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries or otherwise allocate liquidity optimally, an inability to sell assets or redeem our investments, lack of timely settlement of transactions, unusual deposit outflows, or other unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. This situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market or economic disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, or even by the perception among market participants that we, or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. The financial instruments that we hold and the contracts to which we are a party are often complex, and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. Our investing and financing activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions. Further, our ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis or in response to changes to rules or regulations. In addition, clearinghouses, exchanges and other financial institutions with which we interact may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair our liquidity. Numerous regulations impose stringent liquidity requirements on large financial institutions, including us. These regulations require us to hold large amounts of highly liquid assets and reduce our flexibility to source and deploy funding. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 37 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. Widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines in the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected our ability to borrow on a secured and unsecured basis and may do so in the future. We fund ourselves on an unsecured basis by primarily issuing long-term debt and commercial paper, by raising deposits at our bank subsidiaries, by issuing structured debt and by obtaining loans or lines of credit from commercial or other banking entities. We seek to finance many of our assets on a secured basis. Any disruptions in the credit markets may make it harder and more expensive to obtain funding for our businesses. If our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which could reduce our profitability, particularly in our businesses that involve investing, lending and market making. Our clients engaging in mergers, acquisitions and other types of strategic transactions often rely on access to the secured and unsecured credit markets to finance their transactions. A lack of available credit or an increased cost of credit can adversely affect the size, volume and timing of our clients’ mergers and acquisitions transactions, particularly large transactions, and adversely affect our advisory and underwriting businesses. Our credit businesses have been and may in the future be negatively affected by a lack of liquidity in credit markets. A lack of liquidity reduces price transparency, increases price volatility and decreases transaction volumes and size, all of which can increase transaction risk or decrease the profitability of these businesses. Reductions in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads may adversely affect our liquidity and cost of funding. Our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. A reduction in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets or trigger our obligations under certain provisions in some of our trading and collateralized financing contracts. Under these provisions, counterparties could be permitted to terminate contracts with us or require us to post additional collateral. Termination of our trading and collateralized financing contracts could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. As of December 2025, our counterparties could have called for additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements in an aggregate amount of $224 million in the event of a one-notch downgrade of our credit ratings and $1.80 billion in the event of a two-notch downgrade of our credit ratings. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. For further information about our credit ratings, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Liquidity Risk Management — Credit Ratings” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Our cost of obtaining long-term unsecured funding is directly related to our credit spreads (the amount in excess of the interest rate of benchmark securities that we need to pay). Increases in our credit spreads can significantly increase our cost of this funding. Changes in credit spreads are market-driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. Our credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness and movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to our long-term debt. The market for credit default swaps has proven to be extremely volatile and at times has lacked a high degree of transparency or liquidity. 38 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Group Inc. is a holding company and its liquidity depends on payments and loans from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to legal, regulatory and other restrictions on providing funds or assets to Group Inc. Group Inc. is a holding company and, therefore, depends on dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund share repurchases and dividend payments and to fund payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. Many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to Group Inc. In addition, our broker-dealer and bank entities and their subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. Additional restrictions on related-party transactions, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of Group Inc., including under the FRB’s source of strength requirement, and even require Group Inc. to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Restrictions or regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that Group Inc. needs to make payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. In addition, Group Inc.’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors. There has been significant regulation and supervision of our branches and subsidiaries by the governments and regulators in the countries in which those branches and subsidiaries are located or do business. Concerns about protecting clients and creditors of branches and subsidiaries of financial institutions that are located outside of the country in which such branches or subsidiaries are located or do business have caused or may cause a number of governments and regulators to take additional steps to “ring fence” or require internal total loss-absorbing capacity (which may also be subject to “bail-in” powers, as described below) at those branches and subsidiaries in order to protect clients and creditors of those branches and subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulties involving those branches and subsidiaries. The result has been and may continue to be additional limitations on our ability to efficiently move capital and liquidity among our affiliated entities, or to Group Inc., including in times of stress, thereby increasing the overall level of capital and liquidity required by us on a consolidated basis. Furthermore, Group Inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of certain of its subsidiaries, including GS&Co. and GS Bank USA, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, Group Inc. guarantees many of the obligations of other of its consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis, as negotiated with counterparties. These guarantees may require Group Inc. to provide substantial funds or assets to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when Group Inc. is in need of liquidity to fund its own obligations. The requirements for us and certain of our subsidiaries to develop and submit recovery and resolution plans to regulators, and the incorporation of feedback received from regulators, may require us to increase capital or liquidity levels or issue additional long-term debt at Group Inc. or particular subsidiaries or otherwise incur additional or duplicative operational or other costs at multiple entities, and may reduce our ability to provide Group Inc. guarantees of the obligations of our subsidiaries or raise debt at Group Inc. Resolution planning may also impair our ability to structure our intercompany and external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient. Furthermore, arrangements to facilitate our resolution planning may cause us to be subject to additional taxes. Any such limitations or requirements would be in addition to the legal and regulatory restrictions described above on our ability to engage in capital actions or make intercompany dividends or payments. See “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about regulatory restrictions. Credit Our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of or defaults by third parties. We are exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. A failure of a significant market participant, or even concerns about a default by such an institution, has in the past led and could in the future lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us. We are also exposed to the risk of a special assessment, including under the FDIA or OLA in the event of the failure of a bank or non-bank financial institution, which has in the past adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our results of operations. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 39 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES We are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. In addition, deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or obligations we hold, including a deterioration in the value of collateral posted by third parties to secure their obligations to us, including under derivative contracts and loan agreements, could result in losses and/or adversely affect our ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. A significant downgrade in the credit ratings of our counterparties could also have a negative impact on our results. While in many cases we are permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral we are entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject us to claims for the improper exercise of our rights. Default rates, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral typically increase significantly in times of market stress, increased volatility and illiquidity. As part of our clearing and prime financing activities, we finance our clients’ positions, and we could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our clients. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee. Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. The number and size of these transactions has affected and may in the future affect our results of operations in a given period. Moreover, because of concentrated risk, we may suffer losses even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for our competitors. Disruptions in the credit markets can make it difficult to hedge these credit exposures effectively or economically. In addition, we extend large commitments as part of our credit origination activities. Disruptions in the credit markets have in the past substantially curtailed or eliminated and may in the future substantially curtail or eliminate the trading markets for loans we originate. These disruptions have in the past made and may in the future make it difficult for us to sell or value such assets, which have in the past resulted and may in the future result in losses for us. Rules adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act, and similar rules adopted in other jurisdictions, require issuers of certain asset-backed securities and any person who organizes and initiates certain asset-backed securities transactions to retain economic exposure to the asset, which has affected the cost of and structures used in connection with these securitization activities. Our inability to reduce our credit risk by selling, syndicating or securitizing these positions, including during periods of market stress, has in the past negatively affected and may in the future negatively affect our results of operations due to a decrease in the fair value of the positions, including due to the insolvency or bankruptcy of borrowers, as well as the loss of revenues associated with selling such securities or loans. In the ordinary course of business, we are at times subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular counterparty, borrower, issuer (including sovereign issuers) or geographic area or group of related countries, such as the E.U., and a failure or downgrade of, or default by, such entity could negatively impact our businesses, perhaps materially, and the systems by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities, industries, countries and regions may not function as we have anticipated. Regulatory reform, including the Dodd-Frank Act, has led to increased centralization of trading activity through particular clearinghouses, agent banks or exchanges, which has significantly increased our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. Our activities expose us to many different counterparties and countries, as well as different industries, including new and emerging industries, such as those related to AI. In particular, we routinely execute a high volume of transactions with counterparties or extend credit to borrowers engaged in financial services activities, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, clearinghouses, exchanges, alternative asset managers and investment funds. This has resulted in significant credit concentration with respect to these counterparties. 40 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Derivative transactions and delayed documentation or settlements expose us to credit risk, unexpected risks and potential losses. We are party to a large number of derivative transactions, including credit derivatives. Many of these derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling positions difficult. Many credit derivatives require that we deliver to the counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation in order to receive payment. In a number of cases, we do not hold the underlying security, loan or other obligation and may not be able to obtain the underlying security, loan or other obligation. This could cause us to forfeit the payments due to us under these contracts or result in settlement delays with the attendant credit and operational risk, as well as increased costs to us. Derivative transactions also involve the risk that documentation has not been properly executed, that executed agreements may not be enforceable against the counterparty, or that obligations under such agreements may not be able to be “netted” against other obligations with such counterparty. In addition, counterparties may claim that such transactions were not appropriate or authorized. As a signatory to the ISDA Universal Protocol and U.S. ISDA Protocol (ISDA Protocols) and being subject to the FRB’s and FDIC’s rules on QFCs and similar rules in other jurisdictions, we may not be able to exercise remedies against counterparties and, as this regime has not yet been tested, we may suffer risks or losses that we would not have expected to suffer if we could immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. The ISDA Protocols and these rules and regulations extend to repurchase agreements and other instruments that are not derivative contracts. Derivative contracts and other transactions, including secondary bank loan purchases and sales, entered into with third parties are not always confirmed by the counterparties or settled on a timely basis. While the transaction remains unconfirmed or during any delay in settlement, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk and in the event of a default may find it more difficult to enforce our rights. In addition, as new complex derivative products are created, covering a wider array of underlying credit and other instruments, disputes about the terms of the underlying contracts could arise, which could impair our ability to effectively manage our risk exposures from these products and subject us to increased costs. The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act requiring central clearing of credit derivatives and other OTC derivatives, or a market shift toward standardized derivatives, could reduce the risk associated with these transactions, but under certain circumstances could also limit our ability to develop derivatives that best suit the needs of our clients and to hedge our own risks, and could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, these provisions have increased our credit exposure to central clearing platforms. Operational A failure in our or third-party operational systems or human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. These transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. Many rules and regulations worldwide govern our obligations to execute transactions and report transactions and other information to regulators, exchanges and investors. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been and may in the future be subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information in accordance with these rules. As the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions (as well as the requirements to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure has become more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error by us or our third-party service providers in connection with such transactions has increased, as have the potential consequences of errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential difficulty associated with discovering errors quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences. These risks are exacerbated in times of increased volatility. As with other similarly situated institutions, we utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. Allegations or publicity, whether or not accurate, that our underwriting and other business decisions, including with respect to the provision of financial services, do not treat clients or consumers fairly, or comply with the applicable law or regulation, have in the past resulted and may in the future result in negative publicity, reputational damage and governmental and regulatory scrutiny, investigations and enforcement actions. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 41 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities have in the past not operated properly in certain respects and may in the future not operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume or an operational disruption at a third-party service provider, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. We must continuously update our systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training so that transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Enhancements and updates to systems, as well as the requisite training, including in connection with the integration of new businesses, entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. The use of computing devices, phones and other mobile devices is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. Their importance has continued to increase, for both our regular operations and business continuity plans. Computers and computer networks are subject to various risks, including, among others, cyber attacks, inherent technological defects, system disruptions and failures and human error. For example, fundamental security flaws in computer chips found in many types of these computing devices and phones have been reported in the past and may occur in the future, and in July 2024 there was a widely publicized information technology outage as a result of a faulty update to a cybersecurity software product that affected many businesses worldwide. The use of personal devices by our employees or by our vendors for work-related activities also presents risks related to potential violations of record retention and other requirements. Cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Service disruptions have resulted, and may result in the future, in delays in accessing, or the loss of, data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients’ access to our platforms. There have been a number of widely publicized cases of outages in connection with access to cloud computing providers, such as an incident in October 2025 that affected many businesses worldwide, including us. Addressing these and similar issues could be costly and affect the performance of these businesses and systems. Applying fixes can introduce operational risks, and, despite the fixes, there may still be residual security risks. Notwithstanding the proliferation of technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and, from time to time, they have in the past made mistakes or engaged in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures and may in the future make mistakes or engage in such violations that are not always caught immediately by our technological processes or by our controls and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. These have in the past included and may in the future include calculation errors, mistakes in addressing emails, errors in software or model development or implementation, or simple errors in judgment, as well as intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures. Human errors, malfeasance and other misconduct, including the intentional misuse of client information in connection with insider trading or for other purposes, even if promptly discovered and remediated, has in the past resulted and may in the future result in reputational damage and losses and liabilities for us. The majority of the employees in our primary locations, including the New York metropolitan area, London, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Salt Lake City, Dallas, Singapore, Warsaw and Birmingham, work in close proximity to one another. Our headquarters is located in the New York metropolitan area, and we have our largest employee concentration occupying two principal office buildings near the Hudson River waterfront. They are subject to potential catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, extreme weather or terrorist attacks or other hostile events that could negatively affect our business. Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, business disruptions impacting our offices and employees could lead to our employees’ inability to occupy the offices, communicate with or travel to other office locations or work remotely. As a result, our ability to service and interact with clients may be adversely impacted, due to our failure or inability to successfully implement business contingency plans. 42 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses. We face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay with respect to our clients’ systems. There has been significant consolidation among clearing agents, exchanges and clearinghouses and an increasing number of derivative transactions are cleared on exchanges, which has increased our exposure to operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of the particular financial intermediaries that we use and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives in the event of any such failure, delay, termination or constraint. Industry consolidation, whether among market participants or financial intermediaries, increases the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay as disparate complex systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with agent banks, exchanges and clearinghouses, and the increased centrality of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Interconnectivity of financial institutions with other companies through, among other things, application programming interfaces or APIs presents similar risks. Any such failure, termination or constraint could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses or result in financial loss or liability to our clients, impairment of our liquidity, disruption of our businesses, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Despite our resiliency plans and facilities, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities where we are located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, satellite, undersea cable or other communications, internet, transportation or other facilities used by us, our employees or third parties with which we conduct business, including cloud service providers. These disruptions may occur as a result of events that affect only our buildings or systems or those of third parties, or as a result of events with a broader impact globally, regionally or in the cities where those buildings or systems are located, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, war, civil unrest, terrorism, economic or political developments, pandemics and weather events. In addition, although we seek to diversify our third-party vendors to increase our resiliency, we are exposed to risks if our vendors operate in the same area and are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other information technology event at a common service provider to our vendors could impede their ability to provide products or services to us. We may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate operational risks relating to our vendors’ use of common service providers. Additionally, although the prevalence and scope of applications of distributed ledger technology, cryptocurrency and similar technologies is growing, the technology is nascent and may be vulnerable to cyber attacks or have other inherent weaknesses. We are exposed to risks, and may become exposed to additional risks, related to distributed ledger technology, including through our facilitation of activities involving financial products that use distributed ledger technology, such as blockchain, cryptocurrencies, stablecoins or other digital assets, our investments in companies that seek to develop platforms based on distributed ledger technology, the use of distributed ledger technology by us, third-party vendors, clients, counterparties, clearinghouses and other financial intermediaries, and the receipt or use of cryptocurrencies or other digital assets as collateral. Market volatility of financial products using distributed ledger technology may increase these risks. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 43 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The development and use of AI present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. We or our third-party vendors, clients or counterparties have in the past developed or incorporated and may in the future develop or incorporate AI technology in certain business processes, services or products. The development and use of AI present a number of risks and challenges to our business. The legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is uncertain and rapidly evolving, both in the U.S. and internationally, and includes regulation targeted specifically at AI, as well as provisions in intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, employment and other laws applicable to the use of AI. These evolving laws and regulations have in the past required and may in the future require changes in our implementation of AI technology and increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. AI models, particularly generative AI models, may produce output or take action that is incorrect, that result in the release of private, confidential or proprietary information, that reflect biases included in the data on which they are trained, infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, or that is otherwise harmful. In addition, the complexity of many AI models makes it challenging to understand why they are generating particular outputs. This limited transparency increases the challenges associated with assessing the proper operation of AI models, understanding and monitoring the capabilities of the AI models, reducing erroneous output, eliminating bias and complying with regulations that require documentation or explanation of the basis on which decisions are made. Further, we rely on AI models developed by third parties, and, to that extent, are dependent in part on the manner in which those third parties develop and train their models, including risks arising from the inclusion of any unauthorized material in the training data for their models, and the effectiveness of the steps these third parties have taken to limit the risks associated with the output of their models, matters over which we may have limited visibility. Additionally, we are exposed to risks related to the use of AI technologies by third-party vendors, clients, counterparties, clearinghouses and other financial intermediaries. Any of these risks could expose us to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences and harm our reputation and the public perception of our business or the effectiveness of our security measures, and, as we expand the development and incorporation of AI technologies in our business processes, services or products, including in connection with our OneGS 3.0 initiative, these risks may be heightened. In addition to our use of AI technologies, we are exposed to risks arising from the use of AI technologies by bad actors to commit fraud and misappropriate funds and to facilitate cyber attacks. Generative AI, if used to perpetrate fraud or launch cyber attacks, could result in losses, liquidity outflows or other adverse effects for us and our clients. A failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients’ information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. There have been a number of highly publicized cases involving financial services companies, consumer-based companies, software and information technology service providers, governmental agencies and other organizations reporting the unauthorized access or disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of inadequate procedures or the failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by foreign governments. There have also been a number of highly publicized cases where hackers have requested “ransom” payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. We have faced a high volume of cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies, and as we provide these services to individual consumers. Further, the use of AI by cybercriminals may increase the frequency and severity of cybersecurity attacks against us or our third-party vendors and clients. The use of employee-owned devices presents additional risks of cyber attacks, as do hybrid work arrangements. In addition, due to our interconnectivity with third-party vendors (and their respective service providers), agent banks, exchanges, clearinghouses and other financial institutions, we have been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information security event. These impacts could include the loss of access to information or services from the third party subject to the cyber attack or other information security event or could result in unauthorized access to or disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information, which could, in turn, interrupt certain of our businesses or adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. 44 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, including because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. Cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties who are affiliated with or sponsored by foreign governments or are involved with organized crime or terrorist organizations. Third parties may also attempt to place individuals in our offices or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data or that of our clients, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. Although we take protective measures proactively and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, misuse, phishing or other fraudulent schemes, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber attacks on our vendors and other events that could have a security impact. Risks relating to cyber attacks on our vendors have been increasing given the greater frequency and severity in recent years of supply chain attacks affecting software and information technology service providers. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our protective measures can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. In addition, protective measures that we employ to compartmentalize our data may reduce our visibility into, and adversely affect our ability to respond to, cyber threats and issues with our systems. If one or more of these types of events occur, it potentially could jeopardize our, our clients’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ confidential and other information processed, stored in, or transmitted through our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or those of our clients, counterparties or third parties, which could impact their ability to transact with us or otherwise result in legal or regulatory action, significant losses or reputational damage. In addition, such an event could persist for an extended period of time before being properly detected or escalated, and, following detection or escalation, it could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the extent, amount and type of information compromised. During the course of an investigation, we may not know the full impact of the event and how to remediate it, and actions, decisions and mistakes that are taken or made may further increase the negative effects of the event on our business, results of operations and reputation. Moreover, regulations require us to disclose information on a timely basis about material cybersecurity incidents, including those that may not have been resolved or fully investigated at the time of disclosure. We have expended, and may continue to expend, significant resources on an ongoing basis to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, but these measures may be ineffective and we may be subject to legal or regulatory action, as well as financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Regulatory agencies have become increasingly focused on cybersecurity incidents. Our clients’ confidential information may also be at risk from the compromise of clients’ accounts, including as a result of a data security breach at a third-party. Losses due to unauthorized account activity could harm our reputation and may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies heightens these and other operational risks, as do hybrid work arrangements. Certain aspects of the security of these technologies are unpredictable or beyond our control, and the failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption, unavailability or loss of confidential and other information. In addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures, despite their sophistication, may be defeated, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies, such as quantum computing, vastly increase the speed and computing power available. We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. We have discussed and worked with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber attacks, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of our clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action, reputational harm and losses. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 45 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES We have in the past incurred and may in the future incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Thus, in the course of our activities, we have incurred and may in the future incur losses. Market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk. The models that we use to assess and control our risk exposures reflect assumptions about the degrees of correlation or lack thereof among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or conversely previously correlated indicators may move in different directions. These types of market movements have at times limited the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and have caused us to incur significant losses, and they may do so in the future. These changes in correlation have been and may in the future be exacerbated where other market participants are using risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms that are similar to ours. In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists for certain assets. In addition, the use of models in connection with risk management and numerous other critical activities presents risks that the models may be ineffective, either because of poor design, ineffective testing, or improper or flawed inputs, as well as unpermitted access to the models resulting in unapproved or malicious changes to the model or its inputs. To the extent that we have positions through our market-making or origination activities or we make investments directly through our investing activities, including private equity or private credit, that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with those positions. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, we invest our own capital in private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds that we manage and limitations on our ability to withdraw some or all of our investments in these funds, whether for legal, reputational or other reasons, may make it more difficult for us to control the risk exposures relating to these investments. Prudent risk management, as well as regulatory restrictions, may cause us to limit our exposure to counterparties, geographic areas or markets, which may limit our business opportunities and increase the cost of our funding or hedging activities. Although we have substantially completed the narrowing of our focus on our consumer-related activities, our remaining consumer offerings present us with risks, and we have needed and continue to need to adapt our risk monitoring and mitigation activities to account for these business activities. A failure to adequately assess and control such risk exposures has in the past resulted and could in the future result in losses to us. For further information about our risk management policies and procedures, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 46 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Legal and Regulatory Our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world. As a participant in the financial services industry and a globally systemically important financial institution, we are subject to extensive regulation in jurisdictions around the world. We face the risk of significant intervention by law enforcement, regulatory and taxing authorities, as well as private litigation, in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses. In many cases, our activities have been and may continue to be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. Among other things, as a result of law enforcement authorities, regulators or private parties challenging our compliance with existing laws and regulations, we or our employees have been, and could be, fined, criminally charged or sanctioned; prohibited from engaging in some of our business activities; subjected to limitations or conditions on our business activities, including higher capital requirements; or subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the conduct of our businesses or with respect to our employees. These limitations or conditions may limit our business activities and negatively impact our profitability. In addition to the impact on the scope and profitability of our business activities, day-to-day compliance with existing laws and regulations has involved and will continue to involve significant amounts of time, including that of our senior leaders and that of a large number of dedicated compliance and other reporting and operational personnel, all of which may negatively impact our profitability. Our revenues and profitability and those of our competitors have been and will continue to be impacted by requirements relating to capital, leverage, liquidity and long-term funding levels, requirements related to recovery and resolution planning, derivatives clearing and margin rules and levels of regulatory oversight, as well as limitations on which and, if permitted, how certain business activities may be carried out by financial institutions. The laws, regulations and accounting standards (including tax statutes and regulations), that apply to our businesses are often complex and, in many cases, we must make interpretive decisions regarding the application of those laws, regulations and accounting standards (including tax statutes and regulations) to our business activities. Changes in interpretations, whether in response to regulatory or tax authority guidance, industry conventions, our own reassessments or otherwise, could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations or ability to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, such as capital or liquidity requirements. If there are new laws or regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses or those of our clients, including capital, liquidity, leverage, long-term debt, total loss-absorbing capacity and margin requirements, restrictions on leveraged lending or other business practices, reporting requirements, requirements relating to recovery and resolution planning, tax burdens and compensation restrictions, that are imposed on a limited subset of financial institutions (whether based on size, method of funding, activities, geography or other criteria), compliance with these new laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. In addition, regulation imposed on financial institutions or market participants generally, such as taxes on stock transfers, share repurchases and other financial transactions, could adversely impact levels of market activity more broadly, and thus impact our businesses. Changes to laws or regulations, such as tax laws, could also have a disproportionate impact on us, based on the way those laws or regulations are applied to financial services and financial firms or due to our corporate structure or where or how we provide these services. These developments 