 If any of the events discussed in the following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially, adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect us. Our business is subject to the following material risks and uncertainties. Risks related to our indebtedness: We have significant indebtedness and may incur further indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations. As of December 31, 2025, our total indebtedness was $46.492 billion. As of December 31, 2025, we had availability of $5.779 billion under our senior unsecured credit facility (after giving effect to all issued and outstanding letters of credit and our intention to maintain a minimum available borrowing capacity equal to the aggregate amount outstanding under the commercial paper program ($2.207 billion as of December 31, 2025)). Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including: • increasing our vulnerability to downturns or adverse changes in general economic, industry or competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulations; • requiring a portion of cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flows to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; • exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates on our existing borrowings that are at variable rates of interest or refinancing our debt in a rising or high rate environment; • limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or causing us to make nonstrategic divestitures; 33 • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, product or service line development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and • limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less debt. We and our subsidiaries have the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our senior unsecured credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding notes. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, interest rates and the related risks that we now face could intensify. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may not be able to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms. If we are unable to do so, we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We cannot guarantee we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. In addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flows by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. We may find it necessary or prudent to refinance our outstanding indebtedness, the terms of which refinancing may not be favorable to us. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the then current global economic and financial conditions which affect the availability of debt financing and the rates at which such financing is available. In addition, our ability to incur secured indebtedness depends in part on the value of our assets, which depends, in turn, on the strength of our cash flows and results of operations, and on economic and market conditions and other factors. Downgrades in our credit ratings may also negatively affect availability of debt financing and the rates at which such financing is available. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or we are unable to refinance our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. If our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions, or the proceeds from the dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our senior unsecured credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding notes contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: • incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; • create liens; • engage in certain sale and lease-back transactions; and • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. Under our senior unsecured credit facility, we are required to satisfy and maintain a specified financial ratio. Our ability to maintain this financial ratio may be affected by global economic and financial conditions or other events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance we will continue to maintain this ratio. A breach of this or any other covenant could result in a default under our senior unsecured credit facility, upon which the lenders thereunder could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, which would also result in an event of default under a significant portion of our other outstanding 34 indebtedness. In a scenario where the repayment of borrowings is accelerated, there can be no assurance there will be sufficient assets to repay our senior unsecured credit facility and our other indebtedness. Risks related to human capital: Our results of operations may be adversely affected by competition for staffing, the shortage of experienced nurses and other health care professionals and labor union activity. Our operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical personnel, such as physicians, nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians. We compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management and personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our hospitals and other facilities, including nurses and other nonphysician health care professionals. We depend on the available labor pool of employees in each of the markets in which we operate to fill other necessary positions. In some markets, the availability of nonphysician health care professionals and medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue to health care providers, including at certain of our facilities. The impact of labor shortages across the health care industry may result in other health care facilities, such as nursing homes, limiting admissions, which may constrain our ability to discharge patients to such facilities, increase labor costs and further exacerbate the demand on our resources, supplies and staffing. Economic conditions, including macroeconomic uncertainties and inflationary pressure, workforce burnout, and public health conditions and other factors, have exacerbated workforce competition, personnel shortages and capacity constraints. New limitations on federal loan eligibility, other student loan changes imposed pursuant to the FBA and changes to immigration policies may also impact health care personnel shortages. We may be required to increase wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel and to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. If there is additional union organizing activity or a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible our labor costs could increase. When negotiating collective bargaining agreements with unions, whether such agreements are renewals or first contracts, we have experienced, and could experience in the future, labor strikes. Our continued operation during any strikes could result in an increase to our labor costs. In addition, upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, we may not reach new agreements without union action, and any such new agreements may not be on terms satisfactory to us. The unavailability of staff, or the inability of the Company to control labor costs, could have a material, adverse effect on our capacity, growth prospects and results of operations. In addition, federal and state laws and regulations may increase our costs of maintaining qualified nurses and other medical support personnel. We operate in states that have adopted mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or mandate staffing committees to develop staffing plans. If these states reduce, or if additional states in which we operate adopt or the federal government adopts, mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or related measures, our compliance with such measures could significantly affect labor costs and have an adverse impact on revenues or our results of operations if we are required to limit admissions, hire additional personnel or otherwise incur additional costs. If our labor costs continue to increase, we may not be able to offset these increased costs, as a significant percentage of our revenues are based on reimbursement rates that are fixed or negotiated no less frequently than annually. Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians. The success of our hospitals depends in part on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admission and utilization practices of those physicians, maintaining good relations with those physicians and controlling costs related to their employment or affiliation with our hospitals. Although we employ some physicians, physicians are often not employees of the hospitals at which they practice and instead affiliate with us and use our facilities as an extension of their practices. In many of the markets we serve, physicians may have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. We continue to face increasing competition to recruit and retain quality physicians, as well as increasing costs to contract with hospital-based physicians. Such physicians may terminate their affiliation with our hospitals at any time. Some states have enacted restrictions on the provision of certain procedures or types of care, which may impact providers ’ recruitment and retention efforts in those states. We anticipate facing increased challenges with recruitment and retention as a significant portion of the current physician population reaches retirement age, especially if there is a shortage of physicians willing and able to provide comparable services. Moreover, changes in immigration policies could reduce the availability of international physicians. If we are unable to recruit and retain quality physicians to affiliate with our hospitals, enter into contractual arrangements with hospital-based physicians, or provide adequate support personnel or technologically advanced equipment and hospital facilities that meet the needs of those physicians and their patients, our admissions may decrease, our operating performance may decline, and our capacity and growth prospects may be materially adversely affected. 35 We may be unable to attract, hire and retain a highly qualified workforce, including key management. The talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. The members of our management team have significant industry experience, and if any member of our management team leaves the Company unexpectedly, such member would be difficult to replace. While we have adopted succession plans to prepare for such an event, our succession plans may not result in a successful transition. Further, institutional knowledge may be lost in any potential managerial transition. We may be unable to retain key management or attract other highly qualified employees, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified employee talent or failure to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for the management team could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success. Risks related to technology, data privacy and cybersecurity: Cybersecurity incidents or other forms of data breaches could result in the compromise of our facilities, confidential data or critical data systems, causing our operations to be impaired or impacted. A cybersecurity incident or other form of data breach could also give rise to potential harm to patients; remediation and other expenses; and exposure to liability under privacy and security laws, consumer protection laws, common law theories or other laws. Such incidents could subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business. We, directly and through our vendors and other third parties, collect and store on networks, devices and technology platforms sensitive information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, protected health information of our patients and personally identifiable information of our employees, patients and consumers. Our facilities use EHR and other information systems and medical devices that store or transmit information that are integral to the provision of patient care, and these systems and devices are increasingly connected to the internet, hospital networks and other medical devices. The secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures, including cybersecurity and information security systems, protocols and monitoring procedures, intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. In addition, we rely on various third parties to have appropriate controls to protect our information that is on their systems or otherwise in their control, and we seek to obtain assurances that such third parties will protect our information. However, despite our efforts to mitigate our exposure to cyberattack, even an advanced internal control environment is vulnerable to compromise. We have seen, and believe we will continue to see, widespread vulnerabilities that could affect our or other third parties’ data or systems. We rely on a substantial number of employees, contractors, personnel, hardware, software, applications, and third-party vendors, platforms and technologies, each of which may represent an attack surface for threat actors. Threats from malicious actors, including nation-state actors and ransomware groups, new vulnerabilities and advanced new attacks against our, or our vendors’, information systems and devices create risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, malware and phishing incidents, in which third parties attempt to fraudulently induce our employees or our vendors’ employees into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which can in turn be used for unauthorized access to our or our vendors’ systems. We, our vendors and other third parties have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and continue to be the target of attempted cybersecurity and other threats that could have a significant impact on our business, including threats by third parties seeking to access, misappropriate, corrupt, or manipulate our information or disrupt our operations. We expect that we, our vendors and other third parties will continue to experience an increase in cybersecurity threats in the future, both directly and indirectly through threats targeting third parties, as the volume and intensity of cyberattacks on hospitals, health systems and other health care entities continue to increase. Furthermore, because the tools and techniques used by attackers change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We, our vendors and other third parties may experience security incidents that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we, our vendors and other third parties may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches, including due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. State-sponsored threat actors are increasingly targeting critical infrastructure sectors, including health systems and other critical infrastructure on which we rely. Increasing use of AI technologies in our internal systems may create new attack surfaces or methods for threat actors, and threat actors may use AI technologies to make cyberattacks more difficult to detect, contain or mitigate. Internal access management failures could also result in the compromise or unauthorized exposure of confidential data. Moreover, hardware, software or applications we use may have inherent vulnerabilities or defects of design, manufacture, or operations or could be inadvertently or 36 intentionally implemented or used in a manner that could compromise cybersecurity or information security. There can be no assurance that we or our vendors and other third parties will not be subject to additional cybersecurity threats and incidents that bypass our or their security measures, impact the integrity, availability or privacy of personal health information or other data subject to privacy laws or disrupt our or their information systems, devices or business, including our ability to provide various health care services. In such an event, we may incur substantial costs, including but not limited to, costs associated with remediating the effects of the cybersecurity or information security incident, costs for security measures to guard against similar future incidents and costs to recover data. Further, consumer confidence in the integrity and security of personal information and critical operations data in the health care industry generally could be shaken to the extent there are successful cyberattacks at other health care services companies, which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. Cybersecurity, privacy, physical security, operational resiliency and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our facilities, information systems and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. However, as cyber threats continue to evolve, along with their increased volume and sophistication, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities or incidents, and such measures may decrease the efficiency of our operations. We may also be required to expend additional resources to comply with evolving federal, state and industry requirements related to cybersecurity and information security, including those focused on health care providers. Although, to date, no cyberattack or other information or security breach has resulted in material losses or other material consequences to us, there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures in place to monitor and mitigate the risks of cyber threats, including the remediation of critical cybersecurity, information security and software vulnerabilities, will be sufficient and/or timely and that we will not suffer material losses or consequences in the future. Additionally, while we have in place insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover our losses in excess of what we self-insure, or all types of claims that may arise. The occurrence of any of these events could result in (i) harm to patients; (ii) business interruptions and delays; (iii) the loss, misappropriation, corruption or unauthorized access of data; (iv) litigation and potential liability under privacy, security, breach notification and consumer protection laws, common law theories or other applicable laws; (v) reputational damage; and (vi) foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. Our operations could be impaired by a failure in or breach of our information systems or those of third parties on whose systems our business relies. The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. In addition to our shared services initiatives, our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including: • accounting and financial reporting; • billing and collecting accounts; • coding and compliance; • admissions, provision of care and care coordination; • clinical systems and medical devices; • medical records and document storage; • inventory management; • negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts and supply contracts; and • monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full Medicare payment updates. Information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, human acts such as inadvertent or intentional misuse by employees, natural disasters and cyberattacks, including ransomware and data theft. Moreover, we rely on various third-party technology platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope. Failure to adequately and timely manage implementations of new technology, updates or enhancements of such platforms or interfaces between platforms could place us at a competitive disadvantage, disrupt our operations, and have a material, adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We have taken precautionary measures designed to prevent problems that could affect our information systems. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that our business continuity, technology change and information security response plans will effectively mitigate our operational risks. We or our vendors and other third parties upon whom 37 we rely may experience system failures and disruptions. The occurrence of any system failure could result in business interruptions or delays, the loss or corruption of data and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. Health care technology initiatives, particularly those related to sharing patient data and interoperability and AI, involve risks that may adversely affect our operations. The federal government is promoting the adoption of health information technology and the nationwide health information exchange to improve health care. For example, HHS incentivizes the adoption and meaningful use of certified EHR technology through its Medicare Promoting Interoperability Program and Quality Payment Program. Eligible hospitals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology and have not applied and qualified for a hardship exception are subject to reduced reimbursement from Medicare. Eligible health care professionals are also subject to positive or negative payment adjustments based, in part, on their use of EHR technology. Therefore, if our hospitals and employed professionals are unable to properly adopt, maintain and utilize certified EHR systems, any resulting payment adjustments may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. As EHR technologies have become widespread, the federal government has increased its focus on promoting patient access to health care data and interoperability. The 21st Century Cures Act and its implementing regulations prohibit information blocking by health care providers and certain other entities. Information blocking is defined as engaging in activities likely to interfere with the access, exchange or use of electronic health information, except as required by law or specified by HHS as a reasonable and necessary activity. Under a rule finalized by HHS in July 2024, a hospital found to have engaged in information blocking will not qualify as a “meaningful electronic health record user” under the Medicare Promoting Interoperability Program and as a result will lose 75% of the annual market basket increase it would otherwise receive, and MIPS-eligible clinicians, ACOs and ACO participants face similar disincentives. Current and future initiatives related to health care technology, data sharing and interoperability may require changes to our operations, impose new and complex compliance obligations and require investments in infrastructure. In particular, AI is driving innovation and, in some cases, augmenting risks related to health care technology. For example, our physicians are adopting the use of generative AI to assist with the taking of patient medical notes, among other tasks. We may also use AI in health care-related administrative tasks, including in the collection of patient accounts receivable. Rapid changes in technology driven by AI may require us to expend significant resources to acquire, develop, implement and maintain that technology. Failure to integrate these technologies in a timely, cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner may impede our ability to deliver health care services in a competitive manner. There is also a risk that our confidential information becomes part of a model that is accessible by other third-party AI applications or users as a result of a cybersecurity incident or a third-party AI developer’s violation of our vendor engagement terms. The development of AI technologies is complex, and there are technical challenges associated with achieving the desired level of accuracy, efficiency and reliability. For instance, AI models used by us or third-party vendors may be based on biased, inaccurate or deficient datasets, which could result in inaccurate or misleading outputs. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or third-party developers or vendors, including any disruptions, errors or failures of AI systems once implemented, could result in unintended consequences. Should the use of AI technologies fail to operate as anticipated or not perform as specified, including any biases or errors in the outputs of AI, patient care may be affected, legal claims may be asserted against us and our reputation may be harmed. Further, federal and state requirements regarding the use of AI by health care providers continue to evolve and could conflict as administrations take differing approaches to evolving AI. For example, HHS imposes transparency requirements for AI and other predictive algorithms that are part of certified health information technology. Some states have adopted or are considering additional measures regarding the use of AI within the health care industry. For example, California’s AB 3030 requires that certain disclaimers and instructions be provided to patients if generative AI is used to create patient communications pertaining to patient clinical information. In addition, Utah’s AIPA requires that physicians, nurses and other regulated health care providers disclose when an individual is interacting with generative AI in a “high-risk” manner, including the collection of health data or the provision of medical advice or services. Further, in Colorado, the CAIA will impose significant requirements on companies that use AI systems to recommend certain health decisions. If we or our third-party providers are restricted from using AI as a result of any laws or regulations, it could impact our operations and cause us to incur costs to replace or modify our use of AI. We may be subject to financial penalties or other disincentives or experience reputational damage for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, any failure or perceived failure by us or our third-party providers to 38 comply with applicable AI laws and regulations could result in investigations or legal proceedings, which could result in significant legal costs and potential liability. Failure to effectively manage change associated with our technology, resiliency and other initiatives, including with respect to the implementation of a new EHR platform, may adversely affect our business, services and results of operations. We utilize multiple integrated software and hardware operating systems across our operations, including in our hospitals. Although we continually monitor these systems and strive to design our policies, programs and processes to preserve or manage these systems, such processes may not be effective and are subject to weaknesses and failures, including human error, data limitations, process delays, system outages, cybersecurity incidents or failed controls. Failure to effectively preserve or manage data accurately, timely and completely may adversely affect its quality and reliability and impair our ability to manage business needs, the provision of care, strategic decision-making and operations. We employ change management methodologies to plan, test and execute system upgrades and improvements. However, we cannot guarantee that our systems will operate as designed or that the implementation of new systems or upgrades will not be subject to excessive costs or disruptions to our operations or business. We are implementing a new EHR platform across our facilities, which is complex and time-intensive. Significant internal and external resources have been, and will continue to be, required for successful implementation, including resources to train colleagues. Complexity or delay in implementation may require substantial additional time and expense and divert management’s attention from other strategic priorities, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. While we have taken steps intended to mitigate implementation risks, including staged deployments in certain facilities, there is no guarantee these mitigation efforts will be effective. Further, we are executing financial resiliency initiatives designed to generate efficiencies and cost reductions that we expect will offset in part the adverse effects on our business from recent health care policy reforms, including the expiration of the enhanced premium tax credits and changes resulting from the FBA. Our ability to realize the benefits from these financial resiliency initiatives is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and failure to realize the expected benefits may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Risks related to public health crises: The emergence and effects related to a potential future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease could adversely affect our business and operations. As a front-line provider of health care services, we are subject to the health and economic effects of public health conditions. If a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease or other public health crisis were to occur in an area in which we operate, our operations could be adversely affected. Such a crisis could diminish the public trust in health care facilities, especially hospitals that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or are treating (or have treated) patients affected by infectious diseases. If any of our facilities are involved, or perceived as being involved, in treating patients from such an infectious disease, other patients might cancel elective procedures or fail to seek needed care at our facilities, and our reputation may be negatively affected. Patient volumes may decline or volumes of uninsured and underinsured patients may increase, depending on the economic circumstances surrounding the pandemic, epidemic or outbreak. Further, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak might adversely affect our operations by causing a temporary shutdown or diversion of patients, causing disruption or delays in supply chains for materials and products or causing staffing shortages in our facilities. Although we have contingency plans in place, including infection control and disaster plans, the potential impact of, as well as the public’s and the government’s response to, a future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Risks related to governmental regulation and other legal matters: Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes and uncertainty in the health care industry, including health care public policy developments and other changes to laws and regulations. We are unable to predict whether, what, and when changes in the health care industry may occur, and the effects and ultimate impact of any changes are uncertain and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. The health care industry is heavily regulated. Federal agencies oversee, regulate and otherwise affect many aspects of our business, including through Medicare and Medicaid policies, policies affecting the size of the uninsured population, and enforcement and interpretation of fraud and abuse laws. Several executive orders have been issued 39 that impact or may impact the health care industry, including measures aimed at restructuring government agencies and eliminating government expenditures and resulting in holds on or cancellations of congressionally authorized spending. In March 2025, HHS announced a significant agency restructuring intended to reduce the HHS workforce and consolidate divisions of the agency. Changes in agency structures and staffing, such as reduction or elimination of personnel and agencies, may result in changes to established rulemaking conventions and timelines, including for regularly issued reimbursement rules, among other effects. HHS also announced a change in its policy on public participation in rulemaking that may negatively affect the ability of industry participants to receive advance notice of and offer feedback on some policy changes. Regulatory uncertainty has also increased as a result of recent decisions issued by the U.S. Supreme Court that affect review of federal agency actions, including Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo . These Supreme Court decisions increase judicial scrutiny of agency authority, shift greater responsibility for statutory interpretation to courts, expand the time period during which a plaintiff can sue regulators, and may result in inconsistent judicial interpretations and delays in agency rulemaking processes. These decisions may also increase legal challenges to health care regulations and agency guidance and decisions, including, but not limited to, those issued by HHS and its agencies, including CMS, the FDA and the OIG. Impacts of the recent Supreme Court decisions could require us to make changes to our operations and have a material negative impact on our business. The health care industry has been and continues to be impacted by health care reform efforts and is subject to changing political, regulatory and other influences. For example, the Affordable Care Act expanded health insurance coverage through a combination of public program expansion and private sector health insurance reforms. Changes in the law’s implementation, subsequent legislation and regulations, state initiatives and other factors have affected and may continue to affect the number of individuals that elect to obtain public or private health insurance or the scope of such coverage, if obtained, and may impact our payer mix. For example, COVID-19 relief legislation temporarily enhanced the premium tax credits available for purchasing coverage through the Exchanges by lowering premiums and raising income eligibility thresholds, but these enhanced premium tax credits expired at the end of 2025. We believe the expiration of the enhanced premium tax credits will adversely impact Exchange enrollment and significantly increase the uninsured rate. In addition, the FBA includes several health care policy changes that are expected to impact insurance coverage obtained through the Exchanges, and a final rule issued by CMS in June 2025 makes other changes intended to address affordability, consumer protections and integrity of the Exchanges. The June 2025 rule is the subject of legal challenges and, in August 2025, a federal district court issued a nationwide stay of several provisions. Other legislative and executive branch initiatives related to health insurance, such as permitting the sale of insurance plans that lack currently required consumer protections, could increase rates of uninsured and underinsured individuals and destabilize insurance markets. Reductions in the number of insured individuals or the scope of insurance coverage, a decline in patients with private insurance coverage, or an increase in patients covered under governmental health programs or other health plans with lower reimbursement levels may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, the Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to change as a result of legislation and administrative actions. For example, some members of Congress have proposed changes intended to accelerate the shift from traditional Medicare to Medicare Advantage. Legislation and administrative actions at the federal level may also impact funding for, or the structure of, the Medicaid program and may shape administration of the Medicaid program at the state level. For example, the FBA includes significant health care policy reforms that are expected to result in Medicaid spending reductions and changes in administration of state Medicaid programs. Among other changes, the law limits eligibility for Medicaid by imposing work or community engagement requirements for adults under age 65 in Medicaid expansion states, including states with waiver-based expansions, subject to limited exceptions. The law also makes significant changes to Medicaid financing mechanisms, including restrictions intended to reduce the federal matching funds received by state Medicaid programs, with greater restrictions in states that have expanded Medicaid. It is difficult to predict the ultimate effects of the FBA, as it is a complex law that mandates various changes over time and we expect additional rulemaking and guidance from federal agencies regarding implementation. However, reductions in federal matching funds and increased state obligations and administrative burden could result in state limitations on Medicaid eligibility or coverage, among other effects, particularly if states are unable to offset reductions in federal funding. Some states have trigger laws that would end their Medicaid expansion or require other changes if the federal funding match rate is reduced or similar funding restrictions are imposed for Medicaid expansion. Although most of these trigger laws are not directly implicated by the FBA, some states may nonetheless consider or make changes to Medicaid expansion programs due to related budgetary pressures. In addition to implementing changes mandated through legislation, CMS may make changes to Medicaid payment models and may impose new restrictions or grant states additional flexibility in the administration of state Medicaid programs. Other health reform initiatives and proposals at the federal and state levels include those focused on price transparency and out-of-network charges, which may impact prices, our relationships with patients, payers or ancillary providers (such as anesthesiologists, radiologists and pathologists) and our competitive position, and site-neutral payment policies, which may reduce the reimbursement we receive. Some states are considering or have imposed 40 rate-setting measures, including limits on hospital rates. Other industry participants, such as private payers and large employer groups and their affiliates, may also introduce financial or delivery system reforms. There is uncertainty regarding whether, when, and what other public policy initiatives will be adopted by federal and state governments and/or the private sector, the timing and implementation of any such efforts and the impact of those efforts on providers and other health care industry participants. These may include changes to trade policy and new or increased tariffs, which may impact our supply chain operations. It is difficult to predict the nature and/or success of current and future public policy changes, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources and liquidity. Changes in government health care programs may adversely affect our revenues and business. A significant portion of our patient volume is derived from government health care programs, principally Medicare and Medicaid. Specifically, we derived 45.4% of our revenues from the Medicare and Medicaid programs in 2025. However, federal and state governments have made, and continue to make, significant modifications to the Medicare and Medicaid programs through statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings and other interpretations and determinations. These changes may include, for example, reductions to reimbursement levels and to supplemental payment programs, funding restrictions, limitations on scope of coverage or patient eligibility, and changes affecting utilization review. These and other changes may impact the scale and scope of the Medicare and Medicaid programs, may reduce the reimbursement we receive, may affect the cost of providing services to patients and could otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, delays or issues implementing reimbursement-related rules, including periodic payment updates for government programs, and interruptions in the distribution of governmental funds could have an adverse impact on our business. In recent years, legislative and regulatory changes have resulted in limitations on and, in some cases, reductions in levels of payments to health care providers for certain services under the Medicare program. For example, Congress established automatic spending reductions, referred to as sequestration, under the BCA, resulting in a 2% reduction in Medicare payments that extends through the first five months of federal fiscal year 2033. These reductions are in addition to reductions mandated by other laws. It is difficult to predict whether, when or what other deficit or other spending reduction initiatives may be proposed by Congress, but we anticipate that efforts to address the federal budget deficit will continue to place pressures on government health care programs and that future legislation may include additional Medicare spending reductions. From time to time, CMS revises the reimbursement systems used to reimburse health care providers, including changes to the inpatient hospital MS-DRG system and other payment systems, which may result in reduced Medicare payments. For example, under a site neutrality policy, clinic visit services provided by off-campus provider-based departments are generally not covered as outpatient department services under the outpatient PPS, but instead are paid at the Physician Fee Schedule rate, which is generally substantially lower than the outpatient PPS rate. Further, to address past changes to the 340B Drug Pricing Program that were invalidated by the U.S. Supreme Court, CMS finalized payment reductions under the outpatient PPS. Payment rates were reduced for non-drug services in calendar year 2023, and additional reductions to payments for non-drug item and services took effect in calendar year 2026 and will continue for several years, until the past invalidated payments are offset. These payment policies and future changes to payment policies may adversely impact our results of operations, and any potential legal challenges to changes may take years to resolve. Payment policies for different types of providers and for various items and services continue to evolve. Congress and/or CMS may implement further changes to reimbursement for items or services that result in payment reductions for other items or services or that otherwise affect our business and operations. In some cases, private third-party payers rely on all or portions of Medicare payment systems to determine payment rates. Changes to government health care programs that reduce payments under these programs may negatively impact payments from private third-party payers. Legislation and administrative actions at the federal and state levels may also impact the funding for, or structure or administration of, the Medicaid program, including through changes to Medicaid supplemental payments and SDP arrangements. For example, the FBA includes significant health care policy reforms that are expected to result in Medicaid spending reductions and changes in administration of state Medicaid programs. Among other changes, the law makes significant changes to Medicaid financing mechanisms, including restrictions intended to reduce the federal matching funds received by state Medicaid programs, such as limitations on provider tax arrangements and SDP arrangements. The FBA requires HHS to revise regulations governing SDP arrangements to cap total payment rates paid by Medicaid managed care organizations for specified services, tying caps to Medicare payment rates instead of average commercial rates, a change that we anticipate will impact payment rates in many states in which we operate, including Texas. It is difficult to anticipate the ultimate effects of the FBA, as it is a complex law that mandates various changes over time and, in many cases, the details of implementation are not yet clear. Further, CMS administrators may make other changes to Medicaid payment models and may impose new restrictions or grant states additional 41 flexibilities in the administration of state Medicaid programs. For example, structural and other changes to Medicaid supplemental payment programs and SDP arrangements, both of which are subject to CMS approval, could result in our revenues from such payments being reduced or eliminated. Among other measures, states may divert funding for SDP arrangements from other payment programs or direct payments to a specific subset of providers, and we may not satisfy applicable criteria. In addition, several states in which we operate face budgetary challenges that have resulted, and likely will continue to result, in reduced Medicaid funding levels to hospitals and other providers. Because most states must operate with balanced budgets and the Medicaid program is often a state’s largest program, some states have enacted or may consider enacting legislation designed to reduce their Medicaid expenditures. Budgetary pressures, which may be heightened during periods of economic weakness, combined with increased spending demands, including as a result of recent federal actions, are creating additional uncertainty and may result in decreased spending, or decreased spending growth, for Medicaid programs in many states. Many states have also adopted, or are considering, legislation or administrative actions designed to reduce coverage, change patient eligibility requirements and/or enroll Medicaid recipients in managed care programs. Current or future health care reform and deficit reduction efforts, changes or delays in laws or regulations regarding government health care programs, other changes in the administration of government health care programs and changes by private third-party payers in response to health care reform and other changes to government health care programs could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. If we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. As a participant in the health care industry, we are required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: • billing and coding for services and properly handling overpayments; • appropriateness and classification of level and setting of care provided, including proper classification of admissions, observation services and outpatient care; • relationships with physicians and other referral sources and referral recipients; • necessity, appropriateness and adequacy of medical care; • quality of medical equipment and services; • qualifications and supervision of medical and support personnel; • patient, workforce and public safety; • the confidentiality, maintenance, interoperability, exchange and security of health-related and personal information and medical records, including data breach, ransomware and identity theft issues; • the provision of services via telehealth, including technological standards and coverage restrictions or other limitations on reimbursement; • the development and use of AI and other predictive algorithms, including those used in clinical decision support tools; • screening, stabilization and transfer of individuals who have emergency medical conditions; • restrictions on the provision of medical care, including with respect to reproductive care; • facility and personnel licensure, certification and accreditation and enrollment standards and requirements for participation in government programs; • the manufacture, distribution, maintenance and dispensing of pharmaceuticals, controlled substances and medical devices; • debt collection, balance billing and billing for out of network services; • consumer disclosures and price transparency; • communications with patients and consumers; • preparing and filing of cost reports; 42 • operating policies and procedures; • activities regarding competitors; • addition of facilities and services; and • environmental protection, including disposal of regulated materials. Among these laws are the federal Anti-kickback Statute, EKRA, the federal Stark Law, the FCA, the No Surprises Act and similar state laws. We have a variety of financial relationships with physicians and others who either refer or influence the referral of patients to our hospitals, other health care facilities, laboratories and employed physicians or who are the recipients of referrals, and these laws govern those relationships. The OIG has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline practices deemed protected from prosecution under the Anti-kickback Statute. While we endeavor to comply with the applicable safe harbors, certain of our current arrangements, including joint ventures and financial relationships with physicians and other referral sources and persons and entities to which we refer patients, do not qualify for safe harbor protection. Failure to qualify for a safe harbor does not mean the arrangement necessarily violates the Anti-kickback Statute but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. However, we cannot offer assurance that practices outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the Anti-kickback Statute. Allegations of violations of the Anti-kickback Statute may be brought under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law, which requires a lower burden of proof than other fraud and abuse laws, including the Anti-kickback Statute. Our financial relationships with physicians who make referrals for designated health services and their immediate family members must comply with the Stark Law by meeting an exception. We attempt to structure our relationships to meet an exception to the Stark Law, but the regulations implementing the exceptions are detailed and complex. We do not always have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretations of the Stark Law and its implementing regulations. Thus, we cannot provide assurance that every relationship complies fully with the Stark Law. Unlike the Anti-kickback Statute, failure to meet an exception under the Stark Law results in a violation of the Stark Law, even if such violation is technical in nature. Additionally, if we violate the Anti-kickback Statute or Stark Law, or if we improperly bill for our services, we may be found to violate the FCA, either under a suit brought by the government or by a private person under a qui tam , or “whistleblower,” suit. See Item 1, “Business — Regulation and Other Factors.” A variety of state, national, foreign and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information. Various states in which we operate have passed privacy laws and regulations that impose restrictive requirements on the use, disclosure, transfer and storage of personal information, including restrictions on the offshoring of data, and many other state and federal privacy laws have been proposed. In many cases, these laws are more restrictive or impose more obligations than, and may not be preempted by, the HIPAA privacy and security regulations, may apply to employees and business contacts in addition to patients, and may be subject to new and varying interpretations by courts and government agencies. The potential effects of these laws are far-reaching and may require us to incur substantial expenses, including costs associated with modifying our data processing practices and policies. As a result of our operations in the United Kingdom, we are subject to the UK Data Protection Act, which contains stricter privacy restrictions than laws and regulations in the United States and provides for significant fines in the event of violations. These administrative fines are based on a multi-factored approach. Moreover, rules for data transfers outside of the United Kingdom and European Economic Area are subject to increased regulation, and such regulations are frequently subject to further revision and updated regulator guidance, making necessary compliance measures challenging to ascertain and implement with respect to our United Kingdom operations. We expect that there will continue to be new or modified laws, regulations, regulatory guidance and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions, which could impact our operations and cause us to incur substantial costs. We send short message service (“SMS”) text messages to patients. We must ensure that our SMS texting practices comply with regulations and agency guidance under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (the “TCPA”), a federal statute that protects consumers from unwanted telephone calls, faxes and text messages as well as similar state laws and regulations. While we strive to adhere to strict policies and procedures that comply with the TCPA and similar state laws, the Federal Communications Commission, the agency that implements and enforces the TCPA, or other federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants may disagree with our interpretation of such laws, and may claim that the notices and disclosures we provide, form of consents we obtain or our SMS texting practices are not adequate or violate applicable law, all which may subject us to penalties and other consequences for 43 noncompliance. Determination by a court or regulatory agency that our SMS texting practices violate the TCPA or similar state laws could subject us to civil penalties and could require us to change some portions of our business. Even an unsuccessful challenge by patients or regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response from and defense by us. Moreover, if wireless carriers or their trade associations, which issue guidelines for texting programs, determine that we have violated their guidelines, our ability to engage in texting programs may be curtailed or revoked, which could impact our operations and cause us to incur costs related to implementing alternative solutions. We engage in consumer debt collection for HCA-affiliated hospitals and certain non-affiliated hospitals. We also engage in credit reporting for certain non-affiliated hospitals. The federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the TCPA restrict the methods that companies may use to contact and seek payment from consumer debtors regarding past due accounts and to report to consumer reporting agencies on the status of those accounts. Many states impose additional limitations or requirements on debt collection and credit reporting practices, and some of those requirements are more stringent than the federal requirements. We are also subject to various international, federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. For example, our health care operations generate medical waste, such as pharmaceuticals, biological materials and disposable medical instruments that must be handled, stored, transported, treated and disposed of in compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. Environmental regulations also may apply when we build new facilities or renovate existing facilities. If we are found not to be in compliance with such laws and regulations, we may be liable for significant investigation and clean-up costs or be subject to enforcement actions by governmental authorities or lawsuits by private plaintiffs. Moreover, any changes in the environmental regulatory framework (including legislative or regulatory efforts designed to address changing global weather patterns) could have a material, adverse effect on our business. We are also subject to various federal and state antitrust laws that, for example, restrict exclusive contracting relationships with health care providers, restrict sharing of cost and pricing data, prohibit competitors from taking collective action to set commercial payer reimbursement rates and establish integration requirements for joint ventures to contract with payers. We also operate health care facilities in the United Kingdom and have operations and commercial relationships with companies in other foreign jurisdictions and, as a result, are subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act regulates U.S. companies in their dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices, and requires that they maintain records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and appropriate internal accounting controls. In addition, the United Kingdom Bribery Act has wide jurisdiction over certain activities occurring within the United Kingdom. If we fail to comply with these or other applicable laws and regulations, which are subject to change, we could be subject to liabilities, including civil penalties, money damages, lapses in reimbursement, the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities, exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state health care programs, civil lawsuits and criminal penalties. In addition, different interpretations or enforcement of, or amendments to, these and other laws and regulations in the future could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. The costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, result in interruptions or delays in the availability of systems and/or result in a patient volume decline. We may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit, a determination that we have violated these or other laws or a public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations could result in liability, could result in negative publicity and an adverse impact on our reputation and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. State efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to operate and expand our operations. Some states, particularly in the eastern part of the country, require health care providers to provide notice or obtain prior approval under a CON program for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities, to make certain capital expenditures or to make changes in services or bed capacity. In giving approval, these states consider the need for additional or expanded health care facilities or services. We currently operate health care facilities in a number of states with CON laws or that require other types of approvals for the establishment or expansion of certain facility types or services. The failure to obtain any required CON or other required approval or 44 provide a required notice could impair our ability to operate or expand operations. Any such failure could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to attract patients and physicians to our facilities and grow our revenues, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We may incur additional tax liabilities. We are subject to tax in the United States as well as those states and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. Changes in tax laws, including increases in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws by taxing authorities, other standard setting bodies or judicial decisions, could increase our tax obligations and have a material, adverse impact on our results of operations. We are also subject to examination by federal, state and foreign taxing authorities. Management believes HCA Healthcare, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. However, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. We have been and could become the subject of government investigations, claims and litigation, as well as governmental and commercial payer audits. Health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various government agencies. Further, under the FCA, private parties have the right to bring qui tam , or “whistleblower,” suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. Some states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. Certain of our individual facilities and/or affiliates have received, and other facilities and/or affiliates may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by, federal and state agencies. Depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. Government agencies and their agents, such as the MACs, fiscal intermediaries and carriers, as well as the OIG, CMS and state Medicaid programs, conduct audits of our health care operations. CMS and state Medicaid agencies contract with RACs and other contractors to conduct reviews of claims, generally post-payment, and other program integrity activities to detect and correct improper payments in the Medicare program, including managed Medicare plans, and the Medicaid programs. RAC denials are appealable. However, the RAC audit and appeals processes can impose a significant administrative burden on providers, and we may experience delays in appealing RAC payment denials. Private third-party payers may conduct similar payment audits, and we also perform internal audits and monitoring. Depending on the nature of the conduct found in such audits and whether the underlying conduct could be considered systemic, the resolution of these audits could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. Should we be found out of compliance with applicable laws, regulations or programs, depending on the nature of the findings, our business, our financial position and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. We may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our facilities, which are costly to defend and may require us to pay significant damages if not covered by insurance. We are subject to litigation relating to our business practices, including claims and legal actions by patients and others in the ordinary course of business alleging malpractice, product liability or other legal theories. Many of these actions seek large sums of money as damages and involve significant defense costs. We insure a portion of our professional liability risks through one of our insurance subsidiaries. Management believes our reserves for self-insured retentions and insurance coverage are sufficient to cover insured claims arising out of the operation of our facilities, although some claims may exceed the scope or amount of the coverage limits of our insurance policies. Our insurance subsidiary has entered into certain reinsurance contracts; however, the subsidiary remains liable to the extent that the reinsurers do not meet their obligations under the reinsurance contracts. If payments for claims exceed actuarially determined estimates, are not covered by insurance, or reinsurers, if any, fail to meet their obligations, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. Risks related to operations, strategy, demand and competition: Our hospitals and other facilities face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers. The health care business is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years. Generally, other hospitals and health care facilities in the communities we 45 serve provide services similar to those we offer. Trends toward transparency and value-based purchasing may have an impact on our competitive position, ability to obtain and maintain favorable contract terms and patient volumes in ways that are difficult to predict. On its websites, CMS publicizes performance data related to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys that hospitals, home health agencies, hospices and various other types of Medicare-certified facilities submit in connection with their Medicare reimbursement. Its Care Compare website provides an overall rating that synthesizes various quality measures into a star rating for each hospital, home health agency and hospice, among other provider types. If any of our hospitals or other provider types achieve poor results (or results that are lower than our competitors) on quality measures or on patient satisfaction surveys, our competitive position could be negatively affected. Further, hospitals are required to publish online a list of their standard charges for all items and services, including gross charges, discounted cash prices and payer-specific and de-identified minimum and maximum negotiated charges, and must also publish a consumer-friendly list of standard charges for certain “shoppable” services or, alternatively, maintain an online price estimator tool for the shoppable services. HHS also requires health insurers to publish online charges negotiated with providers for health care services, and health insurers must provide online price comparison tools to help individuals get personalized cost estimates for covered items and services. The No Surprises Act imposes additional price transparency requirements, including requiring providers to send uninsured or self-pay patients (in advance of the date of the scheduled item or service or upon request) and health plans (prior to the scheduled date of the item or service) of insured patients a good faith estimate of the expected charges and diagnostic codes. HHS is deferring enforcement of certain requirements of the No Surprises Act applicable to providing estimates for insured individuals and providing estimates to uninsured or self-pay patients that do not include expected charges for co-providers or co-facilities. It is not entirely clear how price transparency requirements will affect consumer behavior, our relationships with payers or our ability to set and negotiate prices, but our competitive position could be negatively affected if our standard charges are higher or are perceived to be higher than the charges of our competitors. The number of freestanding specialty hospitals, surgery centers, emergency departments, urgent care centers and diagnostic and imaging centers in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased. Many individuals are seeking a broader range of services at outpatient facilities as a result of the growing availability of stand-alone outpatient health care facilities, the increase in payer reimbursement policies that restrict inpatient coverage and the increase in the services that can be provided on an outpatient basis, including high margin services. Consequently, most of our hospitals operate in a highly competitive environment, which may put pressure on our pricing, ability to contract with third-party payers and strategy for volume growth. Some of the facilities that compete with our hospitals are physician-owned or are owned by governmental agencies or not-for-profit corporations supported by endowments, charitable contributions or tax revenues and can finance capital expenditures and operations on a tax-exempt basis. Recent consolidations of not-for-profit hospital entities may intensify this competitive pressure. There is also increasing consolidation in the third-party payer industry, including vertical integration efforts among third-party payers and health care providers, and increasing efforts by payers to influence or direct the patient’s choice of provider by the use of narrow or tiered networks or other strategies. Health care industry participants are increasingly implementing physician alignment strategies, such as employing physicians, acquiring physician practice groups and participating in ACOs or other clinical integration models, which may negatively affect our competitive position, including through effects on our recruiting and retention efforts. Other industry participants, such as large employer groups and their affiliates and large retail chains, may intensify competitive pressure and affect the industry in ways that are difficult to predict. Our hospitals compete with specialty hospitals and with freestanding ASCs and other outpatient providers with regard to certain high margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. If ASCs and other outpatient providers are better able to compete in this environment than our hospitals, our hospitals may experience a decline in patient volume, and we may experience a decrease in operating margin. In states that do not require a CON or other type of approval for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities or services, competition in the form of new services, facilities and capital spending is more prevalent. Some states that have historically imposed CON or similar prior approval requirements have removed or are considering removing these requirements, which may reduce barriers to entry and increase competition in our service areas. Changes in licensure or other regulations and recognition of new provider types or payment models could also impact our competitive position. If our competitors are better able to attract patients, make capital expenditures and maintain modern and technologically upgraded facilities and equipment, recruit physicians, expand services or obtain more favorable third-party payer contracts at their facilities than our hospitals and other providers, we may experience an overall decline in patient volume. See Item 1, “Business — Competition.” 46 Any increase in the volume of uninsured patients or deterioration in the collectability of uninsured and patient due accounts could adversely affect our results of operations. The primary collection risks for our accounts receivable relate to the uninsured patient accounts and patient accounts for which the primary third-party payer has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (exclusions, deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. At December 31, 2025, estimated implicit price concessions of $7.674 billion had been recorded to adjust our revenues and accounts receivable to the estimated amounts we expect to collect. The estimated cost of total uncompensated care was $4.605 billion for 2025, $4.366 billion for 2024 and $3.720 billion for 2023. Any increase in the volume of uninsured patients or deterioration in the collectability of uninsured, self-pay and other patient-responsibility accounts receivable could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Our facilities may experience growth in total uncompensated care as a result of a number of factors, including conditions impacting the overall economy and unemployment levels. In addition, federal and state legislatures have in recent years considered or passed various proposals impacting the size of the uninsured or underinsured population. For example, the temporarily enhanced premium tax credits for purchasing coverage through the Exchanges that were established by COVID-19 relief legislation expired at the end of 2025. We expect their expiration will adversely impact Exchange enrollment and increase the uninsured rate. In addition, the end of the continuous enrollment requirement, also part of COVID-19 relief legislation, and the resumption of redeterminations for Medicaid enrollees in 2023 resulted in significant coverage disruptions and dis-enrollments of Medicaid enrollees, and the number of individuals enrolled in Medicaid declined in 2025 in comparison to 2024. The FBA is expected to further adversely affect the uninsured rate, including by requiring pre-enrollment verification of eligibility in a plan with premium tax credits and restricting subsidized marketplace coverage, effectively ending automatic renewals of coverage, and by limiting Medicare and Medicaid eligibility based on immigration status and other factors, among other measures. Other legislative and executive branch initiatives related to health insurance, such as permitting the sale of insurance plans that lack currently required consumer protections, could also increase rates of uninsured and underinsured individuals. It is difficult to predict what, whether, and when legislative and regulatory changes may be made in the future. We provide uninsured discounts and charity care for individuals, including for those residing in states that choose not to implement the Medicaid expansion or that modify the terms of the program, for undocumented immigrants who are not permitted to enroll in an Exchange plan or government health care programs and for certain others who may not have insurance. Some patients may choose to enroll in lower cost Medicaid plans or other health insurance plans with lower reimbursement levels. We may also be adversely affected by the growth in patient responsibility accounts as a result of increases in the adoption of health plan structures that shift greater payment responsibility for care to individuals through greater exclusions and copayment and deductible amounts. For example, to address anticipated increases in health insurance premiums for consumers, CMS announced in September 2025 that it would expand eligibility for high-deductible catastrophic health insurance plans. Further, our ability to collect patient responsibility accounts may be limited by statutory, regulatory and investigatory initiatives, including private lawsuits directed at hospital charges and collection practices for uninsured and underinsured patients. For example, the No Surprises Act requires providers to send uninsured and self-pay patients a good faith estimate of expected charges for items and services. The estimate must cover items and services that are reasonably expected to be provided together with the primary item or services, including those that may be provided by other providers. If the uninsured or self-pay patient receives a bill that exceeds the good faith estimate by an amount deemed to be substantial by regulation (which is currently $400), they may initiate a patient-provider dispute resolution process established by regulation. If our volume of patients with private health insurance coverage declines or we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with private third-party payers, including managed care plans, our revenues may be adversely affected. Our ability to maintain or increase patient volumes covered by private third-party payers and to maintain and obtain favorable contracts with private third-party payers significantly affects the rev