 and
related variables, and enables an adequate assessment of the risk level of the various business sectors.

Hera Group – Consolidated financial statement at 31 December 2023

50 |

| Introduction

| Directors’ report

| Consolidated financial statements

Hera constantly monitors the authorisation processes and proactively participates in the working tables
for obtaining permits, licences and authorisations, to avoid the possibility of jeopardising the regular
performance of its activities.

Environmental-catastrophe, climatic, technological and human capital
areas
Seismic, atmospheric and other climatic events may impact the Group’s performance. Hera intends to
continue valorising its resources and to ensure that they are preserved and developed, so as to continue
to enjoy their benefits in the future. The physical and transitional risks linked to climate change, as well
as accidents in plant equipment, may generate potential environmental damage, and therefore the
operating and strategic implementation of best practices in risk management and the opportunities
deriving from climate change, are a fundamental objective for the Group. Risks arising from cybercrime,
which Hera also assesses in terms of their impact on service continuity, are also being given increasing
attention. Since accidents may pose a risk to people’s rights and freedoms, i.e. if they cause physical,
material or immaterial damage, the Group’s policies regarding the parameters and acceptability
thresholds are published on its web portal.
The risk management approach is organised according to the specific areas in which environmental,
technological and human capital risks occur.
Identifying environmental-catastrophe risks
Hera, while aware of the need to preserve natural resources, uses them to provide essential services to
its customers. The Group’s activities, in turn, make use of environmental, water and carbon resources,
and adopting mitigation and adjustment measures to reduce environmental-catastrophe risks is therefore
fundamental. In keeping with the ambitious goal to reduce current levels of greenhouse gas emissions
compared to their current level, as set out by international organisations, the physical and transitional
climate change risk scenarios relevant to the Group’s activities have been identified. For further details,
please refer to the next section, “Identifying climate change risks”.
As regards the environmental standards with which Hera must comply in carrying out its businesses, the
Group’s activities are subject to various rules and regulations, including rules relating to CO 2 emissions,
emissions of other substances produced by combustion, water discharge and the handling of hazardous
and solid waste. Non-compliance with CO2 limits contributes to climate change, while non-compliance
with legal limits on other environmental aspects leads to worsened environmental conditions and
exposes the Group to fines.
Scarcity of water resources, or possible contamination of water reserves, may affect the regular water
supply and cause service interruptions or significant environmental, economic and social damage,
worsening the water stress by which these natural resources are affected by their very nature, in order
to meet water demand.
In addition, note the risks stemming from the impact on the Group of weather variability in relation to the
electricity and gas demand deriving from the various scenarios.
Managing environmental-catastrophe risks
Investments aimed at preventing and reducing the frequency of harmful events and measures to curb
their severity, play a key role.
The Group’s commitment to reducing carbon dioxide production began with reporting on its own
performance and commitments in the area of climate change, and continues with projects to promote
energy production from renewable sources, reduce energy consumption, and provide customers with
opportunities to cut greenhouse gas emissions. The Group is committed to contributing to mitigating
environmental risks by complying with the energy efficiency objectives set by national legislation and the
United Nations, continuing to improve its production facilities and encouraging virtuous and responsible
forms of consumption on the part of its customers. The Group only uses electricity from renewable
sources to operate its production sites. In relation to the consequences of extreme events, which are
expected to occur with increasing frequency as a possible consequence of climate change, Hera has
taken steps to adopt important measures. For example, the Rimini seawater safety plan, currently
underway, in addition to maintaining the quality of marine resources, increases the resilience of the
Hera Group – Consolidated financial statement at 31 December 2023

51 |

| Introduction

| 