 Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below when evaluating the information contained in this report as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Industry and Economic Risk Factors We depend on the U.S. Government for substantially all of our business. Changes in the U.S. Government's priorities, strategies, spending, or other risks associated with conducting business with the U.S. Government could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We conduct most of our business with the U.S. Government, primarily the Department. Substantially all of our revenues in 2025 was derived from products and services sold to the U.S. Government. We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. Our U.S. Government contracts are subject to various risks. We cannot predict the impact on our existing or future contracts due to changes in the global geopolitical and economic environment, including inflationary pressures, defense spending levels and priorities, government efficiency and other budgetary priorities, customer procurement practices and processes, and other factors that may impact our customer’s short- and long-term plans and priorities or our ability to compete, capture, and perform successfully on such contracts. Any of these factors could materially adversely affect our business with the U.S. Government and our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The U.S. Government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, with little or no prior notice, for convenience or for default based upon performance. In the event of termination for convenience, a contractor generally is able to recover costs incurred and profit on costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. However, the U.S. Government may assert that it is not required to provide additional funding for such costs if sufficient funding has not been appropriated to cover them. Any termination also could result in the cancellation of future work on the related program. A termination resulting from our default can expose us to various liabilities, including excess re-procurement costs, and could negatively affect our ability to compete for future contracts. Any contract termination (including a termination of a prime contract for which we are a subcontractor) could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The U.S. Government also can stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. In the event of a stop work order, contracts typically are protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work plus a reasonable fee. However, such temporary stoppages may result in financial or other damages for which contractors may not be able to recover fully. In some cases, they could result in termination of a contract for convenience or reduced future orders. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and/or changes in customer priorities could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. As a U.S. Government contractor, we depend on Congressional funding for our programs. U.S. Government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes even though program performance may extend over several years. These programs may be funded initially on a partial basis with additional funds committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. If we or our subcontractors incur costs in excess of existing funding on a contract, we are generally at risk for reimbursement and may not recover those costs unless and until additional funds are appropriated. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding or funding for individual programs will be included, increased, or reduced as part of the annual budget process or through continuing resolutions or individual supplemental appropriations. If Congress is unable to pass appropriations bills before the beginning of a fiscal year, a continuing resolution can be enacted to provide stopgap funding for a specified period of time at a specified rate, often the prior year’s appropriations level. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing resolution, limitations can be placed on production increases, multi-year procurements, and new program starts, which may result in delays or cancellation of new contract awards. When the U.S. Government fails to enact annual appropriations or a continuing 11 Table of Contents resolution, a full or partial federal government shutdown may occur, as occurred in October 2025. A federal government shutdown could, in turn, result in the delay or cancellation of government programs, or the delay of payments by our customer, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results of operations. In addition, pressures on, as well as laws and plans relating to, the federal budget, potential changes in the threat environment, priorities and defense spending, government efficiency efforts, the timing and substance of the annual budget process, use of continuing resolutions, and the federal debt limit, have impacted and could continue to impact the amount and timing of funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payments by our customers. Current U.S. Government spending levels for defense-related or other programs may not be sustained, and future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas in which we do not provide products or services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities may occur as a result of uncertainty surrounding the federal budget, increasing political pressure and legislation, shifts in spending priorities from defense, federal civilian, or other programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds and government efficiency efforts, changes in the threat environment, including the number and intensity of military conflicts, or other factors. Certain of our programs providing products and services to federal civilian customers have been impacted, and we expect may continue to be impacted by government efficiency efforts. We have experienced price adjustments and renegotiations of certain of these contracts and may in the future continue to experience such impacts which could have an adverse impact on the programs in which we participate and, ultimately, our results. Demand for our products and services also can be affected by shifts in customer priorities resulting from changes in military strategy and planning. In response to the need for less expensive alternatives and the increasing proliferation of advanced weapons, future strategy reassessments by the Department may result in decreased demand for our shipbuilding programs, including our aircraft carrier programs. We cannot predict the impact of changes to customer priorities on existing, follow-on, replacement, or future programs. A shift of priorities to programs in which we do not participate and related reductions in funding for, or the termination of programs in which we do participate could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Changes in estimates used in contract accounting and contract cost growth have affected and could continue to affect our profitability and our financial position. Contract accounting requires risk-based judgments regarding estimated contract revenues and costs, and assumptions regarding schedule, technical matters, and performance. Our ability to estimate total revenues and costs at completion depends on many factors, including the size and nature of our contracts. For new shipbuilding programs, our estimates are based on contracts for the construction of ships that are not completely designed, which subjects our risk assessments, revenue and cost estimates, and related assumptions to the variability of the final ship design and an evolving scope of work. Our assessment , estimation , and assumption processes significantly impact our contract accounting, and materially different amounts can result if different assumptions are used or if actual events differ from our assumptions. If estimated costs increase, particularly without comparable increases in revenue, our operating income can be adversely affected. We aim to mitigate this risk through contractual terms, and have submitted, and may submit, requests for equitable adjustment, engineering change proposals, or other claims to seek recovery, in whole or in part, of our increased costs. We have also sought, and will seek, other means or contract vehicles, as appropriate, to compensate the Company for certain unexpected cost increases. However, our contracts may not enable full recovery or the government may disagree with our requests or may not have funding to cover them. Changes in our assumptions, circumstances, or estimates, and the inability to recover increased cost growth have in the past had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. See the Contracts section under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7. 12 Table of Contents Changes to the U.S. Government's business practices could have a material effect on its procurement, contracting, or other processes and practices and adversely affect our current programs and potential new awards. Our industry has experienced, and we expect will continue to experience, changes to business practices resulting from, among other things, a greater focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs, and a reprioritization of available customer funding. These initiatives and changes to procurement practices may change the way U.S. Government contracts are solicited, negotiated, and managed, and may impact whether and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the U.S. Government, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements, different award criteria, non-traditional contract provisions, and cost mandates from the government may affect our profitability and the predictability of our profit rates. The U.S. Government also is pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to contractors. For example, the Department is accelerating development and acquisition of new technologies through increased use of rapid acquisition alternatives and procedures, including through other transaction authority agreements (“OTAs”) and Commercial Solutions Openings ("CSOs"). We have seen, and expect to continue to see, OTAs and CSOs used as an alternative to traditional procurement methods. These contracting methods are not subject to all of the procurement requirements that typically apply to Department contracts, including the FAR, and may be used, subject to certain conditions, for research, prototype development, and follow-on production for a successful prototype. OTA awards generally require a significant portion of the work to be performed by a non-traditional defense contractor or to be funded by non-governmental sources. Moreover, these solicitations typically have significantly shorter acquisition times as compared to traditional procurements. If we cannot adapt successfully to changing acquisition processes or if the Department significantly favors privately funded, non-traditional defense contractors or increases cost sharing mandates, we may lose new business opportunities, including in high-growth or strategic areas, and our future performance and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition to the Department's business practice initiatives, the DCMA and DCAA have implemented cost recovery/cost savings initiatives to prioritize cost recovery/savings. As a result, we have experienced and may continue to experience a higher number of audits and/or lengthened periods of time required to close audits. These audits may result in costs being challenged, debated, and in certain cases, withheld or modified, and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Competition within our markets and bid protests may affect our ability to win new contracts and result in reduced revenues or market share. We operate in a highly competitive environment and our competitors may have more financial capacity or other resource or capabilities. Our shipbuilding business is highly competitive, in part, due to the limited number of U.S. shipyards that compete for contracts to construct, overhaul, repair, maintain, and convert naval vessels. In addition, the competition for certain of our products, such as aircraft carriers, submarines, amphibious assault ships, surface combatants, and other ships, is heightened due to changes in budgetary pressures and priorities, and our programs may compete with each other for available funding in addition to our competitors. We expect competition for future shipbuilding programs to continue to be intense. We compete with another large defense contractor for contracts to build surface combatants , submarines, and large deck amphibious ships, and smaller shipyards have entered the market for surface combatants. We may compete in the future with the same contractor and other shipyards to build new and different classes of ships, as well as ships for which we are currently the sole source, including amphibious assault ships. Moreover, changes in U.S. defense spending priorities that reduce the demand for the types of ships we build and services we provide increase our exposure to market competition risk. If we are unable to compete successfully, we may generate lower revenues and lose market share, which would negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to compete for future defense contracts could be impacted. Although we are the only company currently capable of refueling nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, existing U.S. Government shipyards may be able to refuel nuclear-powered aircraft carriers if substantial investments in facilities, personnel, and training are made. If a U.S. Government-owned shipyard became capable of, and engaged in, the refueling of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows would likely be adversely affected. 13 Table of Contents We also compete in the shipbuilding engineering, planning, and design market with companies that provide engineering support services. Such competition increases the risk we may not be the successful bidder on future U.S. Navy engineering proposals, including aircraft carrier research and development, submarine design, and surface combatant and amphibious assault ship program contracts. Our Mission Technologies segment also is highly competitive and competes domestically and internationally against mid to large A&D companies and non-traditional defense companies that may have more financial resources or capabilities. The success of our Mission Technologies division in competing depends, in part, on its ability to remain cost-competitive, respond to changes in customer acquisition strategies, accurately anticipate our customers' needs, and differentiate its products and services offerings from other market participants. Our competitive environment also is affected by bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. As the competitive environment intensifies, the number of bid protests may increase. Bid protests can result in an award decision being overturned, requiring a re-bid of the contract. Even when a bid protest does not result in a re-bid, resolution of the matter typically extends the time until contract performance can begin, which can reduce our earnings in the period in which the contract would otherwise be performed. Our level of indebtedness and our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial and operating activities or our ability to incur additional debt. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our current or future indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash from operations, financings, or asset sales, which may be subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be forced to sell assets or take other unfavorable actions, including reducing funding for working capital, capital expenditures, and general corporate purposes; reducing our cash dividend rate and/or share repurchases; or dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. In addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in the defense industry could be impaired. In the event of a default on any of our indebtedness, the lenders who hold such debt could accelerate amounts due, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of our other indebtedness. We have classified contracts with the U.S. Government, which limits investor insight into portions of our business. We derive a portion of our revenues from programs with the U.S. Government that are classified or subject to security restrictions that preclude the dissemination of information. In general, access to classified information, technology, facilities or programs requires appropriate personnel security clearances, is subject to additional contract oversight and potential liability and may also require appropriate facility clearances and other specialized infrastructure. We are limited in our ability to provide information about these classified programs, their risks or any disputes or claims relating to such programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our classified business and our business overall. However, historically the business risks associated with our classified programs have not differed materially from those of our other government contracts. Business and Operational Risk Factors Cost growth on flexibly priced contracts that does not result in higher contract prices reduces our profit and exposes us to the potential loss of future business. Our operating income is adversely affected when we incur certain contract costs or certain increases in contract costs that cannot be billed to customers. Contract cost growth has occurred and may occur in the future when expenses to complete a contract increase and/or differ materially from our initial estimates. Factors that have caused, and may in the future cause, contract cost growth include, but are not limited to, inflation, changes in trade policy (including tariffs), technical challenges, manufacturing difficulties, delays, workforce-related issues, including labor shortages and reduced productivity, changes in the nature and complexity of the work performed, the timeliness, availability and cost of materials or equipment, subcontractor performance or product quality issues, performance delays, availability and timing of customer funding, changes in trade policy, and natural disasters. A 14 Table of Contents significant increase in contract costs from our original cost estimates on one or more contracts could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Our risk and ability to recover costs vary with the type of contract under which we are performing: firm fixed-price, fixed-price incentive, cost-type, or time and material. Approximately 46% of our revenues in 2025 were generated under fixed-price incentive contracts, approximately 50% were generated under cost-type contracts, approximately 1% were generated under time and material contracts, and approximately 3% were generated under firm fixed-price contracts. Fixed-price contracts generally tend to have more financial risk than cost-type contracts, including as a result of inflationary pressures, wage pressures and labor shortages, and supplier challenges. These contracts increase the risk that we may not recover our costs or will generate less profit or a loss if our costs exceed initial estimates. With cost-type contracts, allowable costs are generally subject to reimbursement plus an award or incentive fee, which is uncertain and may be earned over time. Under each type of contract, our operating results could be adversely affected if we are unable to control costs, particularly if we are unable to negotiate an increase in contract price, or recover increased costs, with our customers. U.S. Government contracts often extend for years, and unforeseen events, such as technology difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, a significant increase in or sustained period of higher inflation, new or increased tariffs, supplier issues, including equipment delays, challenging labor market conditions, unexpected rework, and cost overruns, have in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in contract prices becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. Higher interest rates resulting from inflationary pressures can also impact the fair values of our contracts. Moreover, if we fail to meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may be required to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages, or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. Cost overruns have adversely impacted, and may continue to impact, our results of operations, which are dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts. This risk would be greater if our contracts shifted toward a greater percentage of fixed-price contracts, particularly firm fixed-price contracts. Cost overruns or the failure to perform on existing programs also may adversely affect our ability to retain existing programs and win future contract awards. In addition, changes in contract financing policy for fixed-price contracts, such as changes in performance and progress payments policies, could significantly affect the timing of our cash flows. From time to time, we may begin performance under an undefinitized contract action with a not-to-exceed price prior to completing contract negotiations, in order to support U.S. government priorities. Uncertainties relating to final contract price, specifications and terms, or loss of negotiating leverage associated with contract definitization, may negatively affect our profitability. Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel. Our performance and growth is dependent upon our ability to identify, attract, train, and retain sufficient qualified personnel with the requisite skills in multiple areas, including: engineering, nuclear, trades and crafts, manufacturing, information technology, and cybersecurity, and who share our values and culture. We also must be able to attract and retain personnel who can obtain and maintain required security clearances. It can be difficult to replace personnel with the required skills, experience, and/or clearances if we experience unplanned attrition. A growing portion of our current workforce is nearing or eligible for retirement. If we lose experienced personnel and are unable to hire new qualified personnel, develop and train inexperienced employees, and successfully manage the short and long-term transfer of critical knowledge and skills our business could be adversely affected. We have recently experienced situations where our personnel have failed to achieve expected performance improvements on certain of our long-term contracts, which resulted in unexpected inefficiency, and in some cases, required rework, which negatively impacted our ability to achieve certain performance milestones under those contracts. Our ability to overcome these challenges in the short and long term will have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant challenges hiring and retaining personnel with relevant qualifications and experience, which has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and could impact our ability to perform under our contracts and compete for new contracts. Competition for talent is intense, and this has affected, and may continue 15 Table of Contents to affect, our ability to successfully attract or retain personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. We continue to face increased competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies, and with increasing wage rates. We also compete with commercial technology companies outside of the shipbuilding and defense industry for qualified technical positions. These companies may be able to offer more attractive compensation and other benefits to candidates, including in the recruitment of our existing employees. In addition, we may be limited in the amount and terms of compensation we are able to offer our executive officers or other employees as a U.S. defense contractor under certain circumstances. We have also experienced higher labor, recruiting, and training costs to attract and retain such employees, which has impacted our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. A shortage of skilled employees has and may continue to impact our ability to perform our contracts and may impact our ability to compete for new contracts. Our earnings and profitability depend, in part, upon subcontractor performance and raw material and component availability and pricing. We rely on third parties to provide raw materials , major components and sub-systems , hardware elements , and sub-assemblies for our products and to perform certain services we provide to our customers, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable Department cybersecurity requirements. For example, our U.S. Government contracts require us to procure certain materials, components, and parts from supply sources approved by the customer and/or are restricted from procuring products or services from certain sources. Disruptions and performance issues from our suppliers and subcontractors, unanticipated cost growth for the products and services they provide, or inconsistencies between our contractual obligations to our customers and our agreements with our subcontractors and suppliers, have adversely impacted and may in the future impact our ability to meet our commitments to customers. Our ability to satisfy our obligations on a timely basis are adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors are unable to provide agreed-upon products, materials, or services in a timely, compliant, and cost-effective manner, or they otherwise fail to satisfy contractual requirements. The inability of our suppliers or subcontractors to meet expectations could also result in our need to transition to alternate parties, if available, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay, or the need for us to provide other supplemental support to our existing suppliers and subcontractors. Our costs to manufacture our products can increase over the terms of our contracts, including as a result of increases in material costs and wages. Although we may be protected from increases in material costs through cost escalation provisions, the difference in basis between our actual material costs and industry indices may expose us to cost recovery risk. Our bids for longer-term firm fixed-price contracts typically include assumptions for labor and other contract costs that historically have been sufficient to cover cost increases over the period of performance. However, our profitability may be adversely affected if these cost assumptions are not sufficient to cover potential contract cost growth. In addition, significant delays in deliveries of key raw materials, which may occur due to material shortage or pricing, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In some cases, only one supplier may exist for certain components and parts required to manufacture our products. The inability of a sole source supplier to provide a necessary component or part on a timely, compliant, and cost-effective basis could increase our contract cost and affect our ability to satisfy our contract obligations. Our procurement practices are intended to provide materials, components, parts, and services that meet contract specifications and reduce the likelihood of our procurement of unauthorized, non-compliant, or deficient goods and services. We rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and the obligations set forth in the HII Supplier Code of Conduct, through representations and certifications from our subcontractors and suppliers regarding such compliance. We also conduct technical assessments, inspections, and audits, as necessary, with subcontractors and suppliers. Notwithstanding the actions we take to mitigate the risk of receiving non-compliant materials, components, parts, and services, subcontractors and suppliers sometimes provide us with unauthorized, non-compliant, or deficient goods and services, which can increase our contract costs and impact our ability to satisfy our contract obligations to our customers. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to increase our current and future shipbuilding capacity. If we are unable to do so, or to do so in a cost-effective manner, our business could be materially adversely affected. We expect that we will need to increase our shipbuilding capacity to meet current and future production demands. We are utilizing and may in the future utilize one or more strategies to increase such capacity including, among 16 Table of Contents others, increasing investment in our current shipyards, identifying and retaining additional qualified personnel, utilizing third parties to support production needs, and identifying efficiencies in our current production process to support increased production. We also may seek to increase our capacity through acquisitions, partnerships, or other arrangements. Our ability to increase capacity is subject to risks and uncertainties. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to successfully expand production capacity, or to do so on a cost-effective basis. In addition, our ability to expand our shipbuilding capacity will also depend greatly on our ability to hire, train, and retain an adequate number of personnel, in particular personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, background and skills. If we are unable to hire such personnel, our business and financial results would be negatively impacted. Many of our contracts include performance obligations that incorporate innovative designs, state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise, or new technologies, or otherwise are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control, and failure to meet performance expectations could adversely affect our profitability and future prospects. We design, develop, and manufacture products and perform services that often involve innovative designs, new technologies, and complex manufacturing processes. Delays and issues with product development, technology implementation, manufacturing, or subcontractor components or services can impact our contract performance. First-in-class ships, also known as lead ships, usually include new technologies supplied by the U.S. Navy or other contractors or developed by us. Problems associated with development or implementation of these new technologies or design changes in the construction process can lead to delays in the design and construction schedule. The risks associated with new technologies or design changes during construction can both increase the cost of a ship and delay delivery. Our products cannot always be tested and proven and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems, including premature failure of elements that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, substandard quality or workmanship, and unexpected degradation of product performance. These failures could result in loss of life or property and could negatively affect our results of operations as a result of unanticipated expenses that we don't recover, diversion of management attention, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, reimbursement to the customer of contract costs and fee payments previously received. We periodically experience quality issues with respect to products and services that we sell to our U.S. Government customers. These issues can and have required significant resources to determine the source of the deficiencies and implement corrective actions. We may discover quality issues in the future related to our products and services that require analysis and corrective action. Such issues and our responses and corrective actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Changes in key estimates and assumptions associated with postretirement benefit plans, such as discount rates and assumed long-term returns on assets, actual investment returns on our pension plan assets, and legislative and regulatory actions could significantly affect our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and related expenses. Our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, such as retiree health care costs, are dependent upon various estimates and assumptions, including discount rates, mortality and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. Changes to these estimates and assumptions and differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets could significantly impact our retirement related expense, the funded status of benefit plans, and contributions to our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, which could have material adverse effects on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, pension cost recoveries under CAS for our U.S. Government contracts occur in different periods from those in which pension expense is recognized under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") or the periods in which we make contributions to our benefit plans, and changes to estimates and assumptions and differences between expected and actual returns could adversely affect the timing of those pension cost recoveries. We have taken certain actions intended to mitigate the risk related to our defined benefit pension plans including pension risk transfer transactions whereby we purchase group annuity contracts (“GACs”) from insurance companies using assets from the pension trust. We expect to continue to evaluate such transactions in the future. Although we are relieved of all responsibility for the associated pension obligations under the GACs we have purchased to date, we may in the future purchase GACs whereby the insurance company reimburses the pension 17 Table of Contents plans but we remain responsible for paying benefits under the plans to covered retirees and beneficiaries and are subject to the risk that the insurance company will default on its obligations to reimburse the pension trusts. While we believe pension risk transfer transactions are beneficial, future transactions, depending on their size, could result in us making additional contributions to the pension trust and/or require us to recognize noncash settlement charges in earnings in the applicable reporting period. We could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cybersecurity threats, and related disruptions. As a defense contractor, we face significant cyber and other security threats. These threats include, among others, threats to our information technology infrastructure, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to classified, proprietary or other sensitive information or otherwise compromise the integrity, confidentiality and/or availability of our systems, hardware and networks or those of our suppliers and subcontractors; insider threats; ransomware; threats to the safety of our directors, officers and employees; threats to our facilities, infrastructure, products (we produce and use), and subcontractors or other suppliers; and threats from terrorist acts, espionage, civil unrest and other acts of aggression. Our information technology infrastructure is critical to the efficient operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations. We rely on this infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including classified and other sensitive information of the U.S. Government. We face substantial cybersecurity threats, including threats to our and the U.S. Government's proprietary and classified information from advanced nation state threat actors and non-state actors, sophisticated cybercrime syndicates, hacktivists, and insiders. These cybersecurity threats are continuously evolving and include security breaches (whether through cyber attack, cyber intrusion, or insider threat) via the internet; malicious software, including ransomware; computer viruses; attachments to emails; persons inside our organization or with access to systems inside our organization; subcontractors or suppliers; or other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems or those of our suppliers or subcontractors, including through the use of new and emerging technologies like artificial intelligence. Some of these threats are zero-day attacks associated with previously unknown vulnerabilities in third party software products we utilize in our business. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks and expect we will continue to experience additional attacks in the future. Cybersecurity attacks or other incidents can lead to the loss or misuse of sensitive information or capabilities; theft or corruption of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; financial costs and liabilities; protracted interruptions of our operations and performance; significant recovery and restoration expenses; degraded performance on existing contracts; and misuse of our products. They also can harm our reputation, result in the loss of current or future contracts, including work on sensitive or classified systems for the U.S. Government, and cause us to incur significant costs or other potential liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Given the persistence, sophistication, volume, and novelty of threats we face, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating an attack that could have a material adverse effect on us, and the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. While we use robust countermeasures to mitigate the risks posed by cybersecurity threats, external and internal threat actors continuously seek to evade our cybersecurity countermeasures to gain unauthorized and unlawful access to our information technology infrastructure, assets, and data, both on premises and in the cloud. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems, and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cybersecurity attacks and cyber intrusions or disruptions, regularly occur and will continue to occur in the future and the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. As a result, we are not always able to anticipate techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures. Our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and other business partners also face cyber and other security threats. Although we undertake cooperative efforts with our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and other business partners to facilitate their understanding of cybersecurity threats they face and potential cybersecurity countermeasures to mitigate potential cyber attacks and other security threats, we rely substantially on the safeguards implemented by these organizations, which affects the security of our information. These organizations have varying levels of cybersecurity expertise and safeguards, and their relationships with U.S. Government contractors increases the likelihood that they are or will be impacted by the same cybersecurity threats we face. 18 Table of Contents We are also subject to disclosure and reporting obligations related to cybersecurity events. Despite rigorous processes, we may be unable to meet existing or future disclosure obligations and risk potentially having our disclosures when made misinterpreted. National security or public safety considerations may further affect, or in some instances prevent, our public disclosure of a cybersecurity incident in certain circumstances. We could also encounter threats to our physical security, including our facilities and personnel, and threats from workplace violence, civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, and other local security issues, any of which could disrupt our business. Our customers and suppliers face similar risks that, if realized, could also adversely impact our operations. Any such events could cause delays or disruption or otherwise impact our business, and may require us to incur greater costs for security or to shut down operations for a period of time. The occurrence and impact of these various risks are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We utilize artificial intelligence, which could expose us to liability, as well as regulatory, competition, reputational, or other risks, or otherwise adversely affect our business. We utilize artificial intelligence, including generative artificial intelligence, machine learning, and similar tools and technologies that collect, aggregate, analyze, or generate data or other materials or content (collectively, “AI”) in connection with our business, including to enhance productivity and operational efficiency and optimize processes utilized in our business. There is inherent risk and uncertainty involved in using AI and we cannot provide assurances that our use of AI will enhance our products or services, produce the intended results, or keep pace with our competitors. We have implemented an AI Governance and Enablement Program to oversee the use of AI in our business. If the AI tools that we use are deficient, incomplete, inaccurate, biased, controversial, or otherwise flawed, we could incur operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and financial results. The degraded or flawed performance of the AI tools we utilize may not be easily detectable despite internal policies and processes to identify and mitigate such deficiencies and may result from adversarial attacks that include data poisoning, malware risks, and evasion techniques which are not readily detectable. If we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material or content on which the AI tools we use rely, we also may incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, third-party intellectual property, data privacy, or other rights, or contracts to which we are a party. In addition, AI regulation is rapidly evolving worldwide as legislators and regulators increasingly focus on these powerful emerging technologies. The technologies underlying AI and its uses are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, and are expected to be subject to increased regulation and new laws or new applications of existing laws and regulations. AI is the subject of ongoing review by various U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies, and various U.S. states and other foreign jurisdictions are applying, or are considering applying, their platform moderation, data privacy, and security laws and regulations to AI or are considering general legal frameworks for AI. We may not be able to anticipate how to respond to these rapidly evolving frameworks, and we may need to expend resources to adjust our operations or offerings in certain jurisdictions if the legal frameworks are inconsistent across jurisdictions. Furthermore, because AI technology itself is highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational, or technological risks that may arise relating to the use of AI. Our business is subject to significant disruption from natural disasters, environmental disasters, and other events outside of our control that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We have been, and may in the future be, exposed to damaging storms and other extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes and floods (which may be exacerbated by changing weather patterns or environmental conditions), rising sea waters, environmental disasters such as oil spills, acts of terrorism, and health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks. We also may experience disruptions to electrical and other power distribution networks, information technology, and other critical infrastructure needed for normal business operations and our performance. We anticipate that our facilities and operations, particularly in regions prone to natural disasters and extreme weather events, will continue to be at risk for future natural disasters. Natural disasters, environmental disasters, and other events outside of our control can result in significant adverse impacts to our business, including by adversely impacting our workforce and supply chain, resulting in increased costs or other financial impacts, causing schedule or production delays or temporary closures of our facilities or 19 Table of Contents facilities of our customers or suppliers, or other impacts. Events impacting waterways and bodies of water used for transporting or testing our ships can cause schedule delays under our contracts with the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Coast Guard. These events also may impact our suppliers' and subcontractors' ability to perform and may disrupt the availability of raw materials and supplies needed for our performance. Although we endeavor to mitigate the risk associated with these events, if insurance or other means of recovery or risk mitigation are unavailable or insufficient, or if we experience delays in such recovery, the damage and adverse impacts caused by such events may be significant, and our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our business could be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful negotiating new collective bargaining agreements. Approximately 45 % of our employees are covered by a total of 13 collective bargaining agreements. Collective bargaining agreements generally expire after three to five years and are subject to renegotiation at that time. We generally have been able to renegotiate renewals to expiring agreements without significant disruption of operating activities. While we believe we maintain satisfactory relationships with our represented workers, it is possible we may experience difficulties with renewals and renegotiating expiring collective bargaining agreements. We have experienced in the past work stoppages, strikes, and other labor disruptions associated with the collective bargaining of new labor agreements. If we experience such events in the future, or if our employees pursue new collective representation, we could incur additional costs or work delays that could adversely affect programs served by employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Changes in future business conditions could cause business investments, recorded goodwill, and/or purchased intangible assets to become impaired, resulting in losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income. Acquisitions involve estimates, assumptions, and judgments to arrive at acquisition prices, which are allocated among acquired assets, including goodwill, based upon fair market values. As of December 31, 2025, goodwill and purchased intangible assets from prior business acquisitions accounted for approximately 21% and 5%, respectively, of our total assets. Notwithstanding our acquisition process and business integration efforts, actual operating results of businesses we acquire or in which we invest may vary from expectations. In such events, we may be required to write down our carrying values of the related goodwill, purchased intangible assets, or investments. A significant decrease in expected cash flows or unfavorable changes in market conditions, including declines in the trading price of our common stock, may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill or purchased intangible assets. Significant write-offs of goodwill or other purchased intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors As a U.S. Government contractor, we are heavily regulated and could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or negative findings from a U.S. Government audit or investigation. As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to significant legal regulatory requirements, including specific regulations related to our nuclear operations. Government contracting requirements increase our contract performance costs and compliance costs and risks, and change on a routine basis. In addition, our nuclear operations are subject to an enhanced regulatory environment, which results in further performance and compliance requirements and higher costs. New laws, regulations, or procurement requirements, or changes to existing ones (including, for example, regulations related to cybersecurity, information and data protection, environment, cost accounting, taxes, pensions, counterfeit parts, specialty metals, and use of certain non-U.S. equipment, among others), can increase our performance costs and compliance costs and risks, and reduce our profitability. In addition, if we are found to have engaged in illegal activities, or are found to not be presently responsible, as defined under the FAR, we may be subject to reductions in contract values, contract modifications or terminations, penalties, fines, repayments, compensatory, treble, or other damages, or suspension or debarment. We operate in a heavily regulated environment and are overseen and routinely audited by the U.S. Government and its agencies, including the U.S. Navy's Supervisor of Shipbuilding, the DCAA, and the DCMA. These agencies evaluate our performance, cost structures, and compliance, as well as the adequacy of our business systems and processes. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to administrative, civil, or criminal 20 Table of Contents proceedings, which could result in fines, penalties, repayments, sanctions, compensatory, treble, or other damages. Allegations of impropriety can also cause significant reputational damage. The U.S. Government also has the ability to decrease or withhold contract payments if it determines significant deficiencies exist in one or more of our business systems. The U.S. Government has, in certain instances, withheld contract payments upon its assessment that deficiencies exist with one or more of our business systems, which can have a material impact on the timing of our cash receipts. In addition, the U.S. Government has from time to time recommended that certain of our contract prices be reduced, or that certain costs allocated to our contracts be disallowed. In response to U.S. Government audits, investigations, and inquiries, we have adjusted our contract prices and costs allocated to our government contracts. Such audits, investigations, and inquiries may result in future reductions of our contract prices, which could be substantial. Costs we incur that are determined to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be recovered or must be refunded to the customer if previously reimbursed. If we or those with whom we do business do not comply with the laws, regulations, rules, contract terms, and processes to which we are subject or if customer business practices or requirements change significantly, including with respect to allowable costs, it could affect our ability to compete, have a significant adverse impact on our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. We are subject to investigations, claims, litigation, disputes and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us. The size, nature, and complexity of our business make us highly susceptible to investigations, claims, litigation, disputes, and other legal proceedings. We are and may become subject to various legal proceedings across a broad array of matters, including but not limited to, administrative, civil, and criminal litigation, class actions, environmental claims, income tax proceedings, antitrust claims, compliance proceedings, customer claims, enforcement actions, audits, investigations and other legal proceedings, which can divert financial and management resources and result in fines, penalties, compensatory, treble, or other damages, or nonmonetary sanctions. Government regulations also provide that certain allegations against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export privileges. Suspension or debarment or criminal resolutions in particular could have a material adverse effect on our business because of our reliance on government contracts and authorizations. Any litigation, claim, dispute, audit, or investigation, even if pending or not ultimately substantiated or if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively or acquire adequate insurance in the future. The negative resolution of investigations, claims, litigation, disputes or other legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. See Note 14: Investigations, Claims, and Litigation in Item 8. Environmental costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Our operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations relating to the discharge, storage, treatment, handling, disposal, and remediation of certain materials, substances, and wastes used in our operations. Future environmental laws or regulations could also impact us. Environmental laws and regulations may require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit emissions or discharges and/or to decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous material releases. We expect to incur future capital and operating costs to comply with current and future laws and regulations for environmental protection and remediation, and such costs could be substantial, depending on the future proliferation of environmental requirements and the extent to which we discover currently unknown environmental conditions. Shipbuilding operations require the use of hazardous materials. Our shipyards also generate significant quantities of wastewater, which we treat before discharging in compliance with applicable permits. To manage these materials, our shipyards have an extensive network of above ground and underground storage tanks, some of which have leaked and required remediation in the past. In addition, our use of hazardous materials has sometimes resulted in releases in our shipyards and occasionally in adjacent rivers and waterways in which we operate. Various federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations impose restrictions on the discharge of pollutants into the environment and establish standards for the transportation, storage, and disposal of toxic and 21 Table of Contents hazardous wastes. Substantial fines, penalties, and criminal sanctions may be imposed for noncompliance, and certain environmental laws impose joint and several "strict liability" for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances. Such laws and regulations impose liability upon a party for environmental cleanup and remediation costs and damage without regard to the negligence or fault of such party and could expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by third parties. Moreover, if we violate the Clean Air Act or the Clean Water Act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the EPA on a list of facilities that generally cannot be used in performing on U.S. Government contracts until the violation is corrected. Our business may be affected by environmental impacts, including changing weather patterns or environmental conditions and evolving legal and regulatory requirements and stakeholder sentiment. Changes in environmental laws or regulations, including regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, carbon pricing, energy taxes, product efficiency standards, mandatory disclosure obligations, and other requirements, could increase our operational and compliance expenditures and those of our suppliers, including increased energy and raw materials costs and costs associated with manufacturing changes. We also may be impacted by evolving stockholders or other stakeholder sentiment regarding environmental matters. The adoption of new environmental laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, imposition of new cleanup requirements, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination, litigation involving environmental matters, our inability to recover related costs under our government contracts, or the financial insolvency of other responsible parties could cause us to incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Our nuclear operations subject us to environmental, regulatory, financial, and other risks. The design, construction, refueling and overhaul, repair, and inactivation of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and nuclear-powered submarines, our nuclear facilities used to support such activities, our nuclear operations at DoE sites, and our activities in the commercial nuclear market subject us to various risks, including: • Potential liabilities relating to harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from nuclear operations and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive materials, including nuclear assemblies and their components; • Unplanned expenditures relating to maintenance, operations, security, and repairs, including repairs required by the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, or the DoE; • Reputational damage; • Potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident whether or not it is within our control; and • Regulatory noncompliance and loss of authorizations or indemnifications necessary for our operations. Failure to properly store, handle, and dispose of nuclear materials could pose a health risk to humans and wildlife and could cause personal injury and property damage, including environmental contamination. If a nuclear accident were to occur, its severity could be significantly affected by the volume of the materials and the speed of remedial actions taken by us and emergency response personnel, as well as other factors beyond our control, such as weather and wind conditions. Actions we might take in response to an accident could result in significant costs. Our nuclear operations are subject to various safety related requirements imposed by the U.S. Navy, the DoE, and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. In the event of noncompliance, these agencies may increase regulatory oversight, impose fines, or shut down our operations, depending on their assessment of the severity of the noncompliance. In addition, new or revised security and safety requirements imposed by the U.S. Navy, DoE, and U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission could require substantial capital and other expenditures. We may be subject to potential liabilities, including for personal injury and harm to human health, property damage, environmental harm, and reputational harm arising out of such incidents or hazardous activities and operations, whether or not the cause was within our control, and insurance and/or indemnification may not be reasonably available. Subject to certain requirements and limitations, our contracts with the U.S. Navy and DoE generally provide for indemnity by the U.S. Government for costs arising out of or resulting from our nuclear operations. We may not, however, be indemnified for all liabilities we may incur in connection with our nuclear operations. To mitigate risks related to our commercial nuclear operations, we rely primarily on insurance carried by nuclear facility operators and our own limited insurance for losses in excess of the coverage of facility operators. Such insurance, 22 Table of Contents however, may not be sufficient to cover our costs in the event of an accident or business interruption relating to our commercial nuclear operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Our business and reputation may be adversely affected by the improper conduct of employees, agents, suppliers, subcontractors, business partners, or joint ventures in which we participate. We may be liable for the misconduct of employees, agents, or others working with us or for us, including subcontractors and suppliers, due to their violations of applicable laws or regulations, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, false claims, procurement integrity cost accounting and billing, antitrust and competition, information security and data privacy, and contract terms. We have implemented a compliance program that is designed to prevent and detect misconduct. However, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct. We have been, and may in the future be, impacted by such misconduct. Any improper conduct by our employees, agents, or others with whom we do business or who are working on our behalf could subject us to administrative, civil, or criminal investigations and enforcement actions, monetary and non-monetary penalties, liabilities, and the loss of privileges or other sanctions including suspension or debarment, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The risk of improper conduct may increase as we expand our operations globally, including as we pursue opportunities with new partners. We may be unable to prevent misconduct or violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures (including their officers, directors and employees) or our business partners. Moreover, actions that are inconsistent with our culture and values, including with respect to product safety or quality, legal or regulatory compliance, financial reporting, or people management, may cause us significant reputational damage. Changes in tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial results. We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and foreign jurisdictions. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, have affected and could affect our tax expense and profitability and cash flows. On July 4, 2025, Public Law 119-21 (the “Act”) was signed into law. The Act provides for significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, that impacts corporations, including making certain business deductions permanent, such as bonus depreciation and immediate expensing of domestic research and development expenditures. In addition, the Act allows for an acceleration of the deduction for the remaining unamortized domestic research and development expenditures capitalized during the 2022 through 2024 tax years. These unamortized expenditures can be deducted over one or two years. The impacts of the Act on domestic research and development expenditures and bonus depreciation were recorded in the Company’s financial statements as of December 31, 2025. See Note 12: Income Taxes in Item 8. In addition to future changes in tax laws, the amount of net deferred tax liabilities will change periodically as a result of a number of factors, including the measurement of our defined benefit pension plans, actual cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, changes in the timing of contract taxable income, and changes in the amount and timing of depreciation and amortization deductions. We are also regularly under audit or examination by taxing authorities, including foreign tax authorities. The final determination of tax liabilities and any related litigation could similarly result in unanticipated increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows. See Note 12: Income Taxes in Item 8. We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could affect our ability to compete. We own patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other forms of intellectual property related to our business, and we license intellectual property rights to and from third parties. The U.S. Government generally receives non-exclusive licenses to certain intellectual property we develop in the performance of U.S. Government contracts, and the U.S. Government may use or, in some cases, authorize third parties to use such intellectual property. The U.S. Government can take aggressive positions both as to the intellectual property to which they believe government use rights apply and to the acquisition of broad license rights. To the extent the U.S. Government is successful, the 23 Table of Contents intellectual property on which we depend and our access to and use of certain supplier intellectual property could be negatively affected. We also rely upon proprietary technology, information, processes, and know-how that are not protected by patents. We seek to protect this information through trade secret or confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, subcontractors, and other parties, as well as through other measures. These agreements and other measures may not, however, adequately protect the trade secrets on which we depend. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by competitors. Our intellectual property is also subject to challenge, invalidation, infringement, misappropriation, or circumvention by third parties. In the event of infringement, misappropriation, breach of a confidentiality agreement, or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies to protect our intellectual property. Litigation to determine the scope of our rights or to protect our rights, even if successful, could be costly and a diversion of management's attention. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our business could be adversely affected. We also use certain intellectual property licensed to us by third parties. In the case of such licensed intellectual property, we may be unable in the future to secure the necessary licenses to use such intellectual property, or to secure the licenses on commercially reasonable terms. Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law, as well as regulatory requirements, could delay or prevent a change in control. Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change in control that stockholders might consider favorable. These provisions include ones that require advance notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations and authorize our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock. We also are subject to the anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which impose additional restrictions on mergers and other business combinations. In addition, our contracts with the U.S. Navy for our nuclear shipbuilding operations require us to provide the U.S. Navy with notice of any potential change of control of our nuclear shipbuilding operations and receive the U.S. Navy's consent to transfer certain related licenses to facilitate the Navy's ability to confirm that a potential buyer would continue to conduct our operations in a satisfactory manner. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may be viewed as discouraging a takeover event in the future. Provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Restated Bylaws and our existing contracts with the U.S. Navy may have the effect of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change of control of our company that may be beneficial to our stockholders and could have a negative impact on our stock price. General Risk Factors Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and financial position. We seek to insure our significant risks and potential liabilities that are insurable, including, among others, property loss from natural disasters, product liability, and business interruption resulting from an insured property loss. In some circumstances, we may be indemnified for losses by the U.S. Government, subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Not every risk or liability can be protected by insurance, and, for insurable risks, the limits of coverage we can reasonably purchase may not be sufficient to cover the full amount of our actual losses or liabilities, including, for example, in the case of a catastrophic hurricane. In addition, the nature of our business can make it difficult to quantify the disruptive impact and loss resulting from such events. Limitations on the availability of insurance coverage may result in substantial uninsured losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Even in cases for which we have insurance coverage, disputes with insurance carriers over coverage may affect the timing of cash flows and cause us to incur significant expense to pursue insurance claims. In addition, an unfavorable outcome in the event of litigation with an insurance carrier may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 24 Table of Contents We can provide no assurance we will pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock. Our payment of dividends and share repurchases could vary from historical practices. The payment of cash dividends and repurchases of our common stock are subject to limitations under Delaware law, other applicable laws and regulations, and the discretion of our board of directors. Share repurchases also are subject to management’s discretion after consideration of various factors, including our share price, results of operations, capital requirements, and general business conditions. In addition, as a U.S. defense contractor, the Company may not be permitted to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock under certain circumstances, including if the U.S. Government determines that we are underperforming on our contracts. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay quarterly dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock. Market volatility and adverse capital market conditions may affect our ability to access cost-effective sources of funding. The financial markets experience high levels of volatility and disruption from time to time, reducing the availability of credit for certain issuers. We access these markets from time to time to support certain business activities, including funding acquisitions and capital projects and refinancing existing indebtedness. We may also access these markets to acquire credit support for our workers' compensation self-insurance program and letters of credit. A number of factors could cause us to incur higher borrowing costs and experience greater difficulty accessing public and private debt markets, including disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook, or credit ratings. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations, meet contractual commitments, make future investments or desirable acquisitions, or respond to competitive challenges. If we fail to manage acquisitions, joint ventures, equity investments, and other transactions successfully or if acquired businesses or equity investments fail to perform as expected, our financial results, business, and future prospects could be harmed. As part of our business strategy, we regularly review, identify, and evaluate potential investments, acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and teaming or other collaborative arrangements. We aim to pursue opportunities that align with and complement our business and growth objectives. When evaluating potential opportunities, we make significant judgments regarding the value of the opportunity, potential costs, and other liabilities associated with opportunity. These transactions often involve other risks and uncertainties and require substantial management resources and can divert management's attention from our existing business. Unidentified or identified but un-indemnified or uninsured pre-closing liabilities could affect our future financial results, particularly through successor liability under procurement laws and regulations, such as the False Claims Act or Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act, anti-corruption, environmental, tax, import export, and technology transfer laws, which provide for civil and criminal penalties and the potential for debarment. We also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, employee retention, transaction-related or other litigation, and other liabilities. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Joint ventures, partnerships, and other non-controlling investments operate under shared control with other parties. These arrangements typically include many of the same risks and uncertainties, but may also expose us to additional risks not present if we retained full control. A joint venture partner may have economic or other business interests that are inconsistent with our interests, and we may be unable to prevent strategic decisions that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also could be adversely affected by, or liable for, actions taken by joint ventures that we do not control, or actions taken by members of the joint ventures, including violations of anti-corruption, import and export, taxation, and anti-boycott laws. 