 and uncertainties
       for the remaining six months of the financial year; and
   •   material related-party transactions in the first six months and any material changes in the related-
       party transactions described in the last annual report.

The maintenance and integrity of the Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC website is the responsibility of the
Directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters and,
accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that might have occurred to the interim
financial statements since they were initially presented on the website.


By order of the Board


Said Darwazah                                         Riad Mishlawi




Executive Chairman                                    Chief Executive Officer
6 August 2025                                         6 August 2025


The Board of Directors that served during all or part of the six-month period to 30 June 2025 and their
respective responsibilities can be found on the Leadership team section of www.hikma.com. This excludes
John Castellani, who stepped down from his position as a Non-Executive Director on 24 April 2025.

Cautionary statement

This Interim Results announcement has been prepared solely to provide additional information to the
shareholders of Hikma and should not be relied on by any other party or for any other purpose.

Definitions

We use a number of non-IFRS measures to report and monitor the performance of our business.
Management uses these adjusted numbers internally to measure our progress and for setting performance
targets. We also present these numbers, alongside our reported results, to external audiences to help
them understand the underlying performance of our business. Our core numbers may be calculated
differently to other companies.

Adjusted measures are not substitutable for IFRS results and should not be considered superior to results
presented in accordance with IFRS.




                                                                                                         12
Core results

Reported results represent the Group’s overall performance. However, these results can include one-off
or non-cash items which are excluded when assessing the underlying performance of the Group. To
provide a more complete picture of the Group’s performance to external audiences, we provide, alongside
our reported results, core results, which are a non-IFRS measure. Our core results exclude exceptional
items and other adjustments set out in Note 5.

Constant currency

As the majority of our business is conducted in the US, we present our results in US dollars. For both our
Branded and Injectable businesses, a proportion of their sales are denominated in currencies other than
the US dollar. In order to illustrate the underlying performance of these businesses, we include information
on our results in constant currency.

Constant currency numbers in H1 2025 represent reported H1 2025 numbers translated using H1 2024
exchange rates, excluding price increases in the business resulting from the devaluation of currencies.

Core EBITDA

Core EBITDA is reported operating profit before depreciation, amortisation on software, adjusted for
exceptional items and other adjustments recognised within reported operating profit.


                                                              H1 2025              H1 2024
                                                              $ million            $ million
  Reported operating profit                                        259                 351
  Depreciation                                                       51                  47
  Amortisation                                                       49                  49
  Impairment charges                                                   7                  6
  Reorganisation costs                                                 2                   -
  Pre-production setup costs                                         10                    -
  Provision for rebates adjustment                                   (1)                   -
  Provision for legal settlement                                     72                    -
  Gain on extinguishment of financial liability                      (6)                   -
  Insurance compensation in relation to the Group’s
                                                                    (14)                   -
  investment losses in Sudan
  Core EBITDA                                                       429                 453

Core EBITDA for the twelve months ending 30 June 2025, which is used in the calculation of net debt to
core EBITDA, was $800 million.

Working capital days

We believe Group working capital days provides a useful measure of the Group’s working capital
management and liquidity. Group working capital days are calculated as Group receivable days plus Group
inventory days, less Group payable days. Group receivable days are calculated as Group trade
receivables x 365, divided by trailing 12 months Group revenue. Group inventory days are calculated as




                                                                                                         13
Group inventory x 365 divided by trailing 12 months Group reported cost of sales. Group payable days are
calculated as Group trade payables x 365, divided by trailing 12 months Group reported cost of sales14.

Group net debt

We believe Group net debt is a useful measure of the strength of the Group financial position. Group net
debt includes long and short-term financial debts (Note 10), lease liabilities, net of cash and cash
equivalents and restricted cash (if any).

     Group net debt
     $ million
                                                                                    Jun-25                   Dec-24
     Short-term financial debts                                                       (706)                   (642)
     Short-term lease liabilities                                                       (10)                      (11)
     Long-term financial debts                                                         (798)                    (607)
     Long-term lease liabilities                                                        (44)                      (46)
     Total debt                                                                     (1,558)                  (1,306)
     Cash                                                                                236                      188
     Net debt                                                                       (1,322)                  (1,118)

Forward looking statements

This announcement contains certain statements which are, or may be deemed to be, "forward looking
statements" which are prospective in nature with respect to Hikma’s expectations and plans, strategy,
management objectives, future developments and performance, costs, revenues and other trend
information. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking
statements. Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward
looking words such as “intends”, “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, "estimates", "forecasts", "targets",
"aims", "budget", "scheduled" or words or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, as well as
variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could",
"should", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved.

By their nature, forward looking statements are based on current expectations and projections about future
events and are therefore subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are beyond Hikma’s ability to
control or estimate precisely and which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by the forward looking statements. Where included, such statements have been made
by or on behalf of Hikma in good faith based upon the knowledge and information available to the Directors
on the date of this announcement. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that any particular expectation
will be met and Hikma’s shareholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking
statements. Forward looking statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities
should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future.

Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations (including under the Market Abuse
Regulation ((EU) No. 596/2014) and the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority), Hikma does not undertake to update the forward looking
statements contained in this announcement to reflect any changes in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any such statement is based or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent in such
forward looking statements. Except as expressly provided in this announcement, no forward looking or
other statements have been reviewed by the auditors of Hikma. All subsequent oral or written forward
looking statements attributable to Hikma or any of its members, directors, officers or employees or any

14
  Trailing 12 months Group revenue is calculated as Group revenue for the 12 months ending 30 June 2025 which equates to $3,216
million. Trailing 12 months Group reported cost of sales is calculated as Group reported cost of sales for the 12 months ending 30
June 2025 which equates to $1,842 million
                                                                                                                                     14
person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above.
Past share performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. Nothing in this
announcement should be construed as a profit forecast.

Neither the content of Hikma’s website nor any other website accessible by hyperlinks from Hikma’s
website are incorporated in, or form part of, this announcement.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Group faces risks from a range of sources that could have a material impact on our financial
commitments and ability to trade in the future. The principal risks are determined via robust assessment
considering our risk context by the Board of Directors with input from executive management.

During the first half of 2025, the US administration’s trade strategy involving the introduction of tariffs on
direct imports has been closely monitored. The situation remains dynamic. Hikma continues to assess
the situation and take mitigating actions where appropriate.

In addition, Hikma has closely monitored the conflict in the Middle East and responded to ensure the safety
of our people, and to mitigate potential disruptions to shipping and operations. The situation is managed
by local, regional and group management teams across multiple principal risk areas, overseen by the
Executive Committee and Board.

The principal risks facing the company have not materially changed in the last six months, and are set out
in the 2024 annual report on pages 82 – 86. The Board recognises that certain risk factors that influence
the principal risks are outside of the control of management. The Board is satisfied that the principal risks
are being managed appropriately and consistently with the target risk appetite. The set of principal risks
should not be considered as an exhaustive list of all the risks the Group faces.




                                                                                                           15
Principal risks         What does the risk cover?
Industry dynamics       The commercial viability of the industry and business model we operate may
                        change significantly as a result of geopolitical instability and conflict,
                        macroeconomic and trade factors, local political action, societal pressures,
                        regulatory interventions or changes to participants in the value chain of the
                        industry.
Product pipeline        Selecting, developing and registering new products that meet market needs
                        and regulations, aligned with Hikma’s strategy to provide a continuous
                        source of future growth.
People                  Developing, maintaining and adapting organisational structures,
                        management processes and controls, and talent attraction and retention to
                        enable effective delivery by the business in the face of rapid and constant
                        internal and external change.
Reputation              Building and maintaining trusted relationships with our stakeholders relies on
                        developing and sustaining our reputation as one of our most valuable assets.

Ethics and compliance   Maintaining a culture underpinned by ethical decision-making, with
                        appropriate internal controls to ensure staff and third parties comply with our
                        Code of Conduct, associated policies and procedures, as well as all
                        applicable legislation.
Information and cyber   Ensuring the integrity, confidentiality, availability and resilience of data,
security, technology    securing information stored and/or processed internally or externally from
and infrastructure      cyber and non-cyber threats, maintaining and developing technology
                        systems that enable business processes, and ensuring infrastructure
                        supports the organisation effectively.
Legal, regulatory and   Complying with laws and regulations, and advising on their application.
intellectual property   Managing litigation, governmental investigations, sanctions, contractual
                        terms and conditions and adapting to their changes while preserving
                        shareholder value, business integrity and reputation.
Inorganic growth        Identifying, accurately pricing and realising expected benefits from
                        acquisitions or divestments, licensing, or other business development
                        activities.
Active pharmaceutical   Maintaining availability of supply, quality and competitiveness of API
ingredient (API) and    purchases and ensuring proper understanding and control of third-party
third-party risk        risks.
management
Crisis and continuity   Developing, maintaining and adapting capabilities and processes to
management              anticipate, prepare for, respond and adapt to sudden disruptions and gradual
                        change, including geopolitical instability and conflict, natural catastrophe,
                        economic turmoil, cyber events, operational issues, pandemic, political crisis,
                        and regulatory intervention.
Product quality and     Maintaining compliance with current Good Practices for Manufacturing
safety                  (cGMP), Laboratory (cGLP), Clinical (cGCP), Compounding (cGCP),
                        Distribution (cGDP) and Pharmacovigilance (cGVP) by staff, and ensuring
                        compliance is maintained by all relevant third parties involved in these
                        processes.
Financial control and   Effectively managing income, expenditure, assets and liabilities, liquidity,
reporting               exchange rates, tax uncertainty, debtor and associated activities, and
                        reporting accurately, in a timely manner and in compliance with statutory
                        requirements and accounting standards.




                                                                                                      16
Independent review report to Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC
Report on the condensed consolidated interim financial statements

Our conclusion
We have reviewed Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC’s condensed consolidated interim financial statements (the “interim financial statements”)
in the Interim Results of Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC for the 6 month period ended 30 June 2025 (the “period”).

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial statements are not prepared, in
all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, 'Interim Financial Reporting' (IAS 34), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), UK adopted IAS 34 and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules sourcebook
of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.

The interim financial statements comprise:

•    the Condensed consolidated interim balance sheet as at 30 June 2025;
•    the Condensed consolidated interim income statement and the Condensed consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income
     for the period then ended;
•    the Condensed consolidated interim statement of changes in equity for the period then ended;
•    the Condensed consolidated interim cash flow statement for the period then ended; and
•    the explanatory notes to the interim financial statements.

The interim financial statements included in the Interim Results of Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC have been prepared in accordance with
International Accounting Standard 34, 'Interim Financial Reporting' (IAS 34), as issued by the International Accounting Stand ards Board
(IASB), UK adopted IAS 34 and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules sourcebook of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct
Authority.


Basis for conclusion
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (UK) 2410, ‘Review of Interim Financi al
Information Performed by the 