 set out on pages 68 to 78. Under the potential scenarios
considered, which includes a severe but plausible downside scenario, the Group remains within its debt facilities and the attached
financial covenants for the foreseeable future and the Directors therefore believe, at the time of approving the financial statements, that
the Company is well placed to manage its business risks successfully and remains a going concern. The key facts and assumptions in
reaching this determination are summarised below.
The Group’s financial position remains robust with committed facilities at the balance sheet date totalling £1,250m which includes a
£550m Revolving Credit Facility (RCF). The undrawn committed facilities as at 31 March 2025 amounts to £511m. In May 2024 the last
of the two one-year extension options drawn under the RCF was exercised which now matures in May 2029. During April 2024 the Group
also entered into, and drew down, a new note Purchase Agreement which provided access to loan notes totalling £328m. The financial
covenants across the facilities are for leverage (net debt/adjusted EBITDA) of not more than three and a half times and for adjusted
interest cover of not less than four times.




                                                                                                    Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025   167
Accounting Policies continued


Key accounting policies continued
The base case scenario has been prepared using forecasts from each of our companies as well as expectations of cash outflows on
acquisitions. In addition, a severe but plausible downside scenario has been modelled showing a decline in trading for the period ending
31 March 2026, as well as other potential adverse impacts such as a one-off legal event and deterioration in working capital position.
The reduction in trading could be caused by another pandemic or other geopolitical crises, or continued macroeconomic volatility such
as the recent US tariffs, leading to further inflation and interest rate increases. In mitigating the impacts of the downside scenario there
are actions that can be taken which are entirely discretionary to the business such as further reducing acquisition spend and decreasing
the dividend growth rates. In addition, the Group has demonstrated strong resilience and flexibility to manage its overheads and adapt
the supply chain during recent global economic uncertainty.
Neither the base case nor severe but plausible downside scenarios result in a breach of the Group’s available debt facilities or the attached
covenants and, accordingly, the Directors believe there is no material uncertainty in the use of the going concern assumption and,
therefore, deem it appropriate to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting for at least the next 12‑month period.
Business combinations and goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control
is transferred to the Group. The Group measures goodwill at the acquisition date as:
– the fair value of the consideration transferred; plus
– the recognised amount of any non‑controlling interests in the acquiree measured at the proportionate share of the value of net
  identifiable assets acquired; plus
– the fair value of the existing equity interest in the acquiree; less
– the net recognised amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
Costs related to the acquisition, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, are expensed as incurred.
Any contingent consideration payable may be accounted for as either:
a)	Consideration transferred, which is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent purchase consideration is
    classified as equity, it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes to the fair
    value of the contingent purchase consideration are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement; or
b)	Remuneration, which is expensed in the Consolidated Income Statement over the associated period of service. An indicator of such
    treatment includes when payments to employees of the acquired company are contingent on a post‑acquisition event, but may be
    automatically forfeited on termination of employment.
For acquisitions between 4 April 2004 (the date from which the financial statements were reported under IFRS) and 2 April 2010, goodwill
represents the difference between the cost of the acquisition, including acquisition costs and the fair value of the net identifiable assets
acquired. Goodwill has an indefinite expected useful life and is not amortised, but is tested annually for impairment.
Goodwill is recognised as an intangible asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Goodwill therefore includes non‑identified intangible
assets including business processes, buyer‑specific synergies, know‑how and workforce‑related industry‑specific knowledge and technical
skills. Negative goodwill arising on acquisitions would be recognised directly in the Consolidated Income Statement.
On closure or disposal of an acquired business, goodwill would be taken into account in determining the profit or loss on closure or disposal.
As permitted by IFRS 1, the Group elected not to apply IFRS 3 ‘Business Combinations’ to acquisitions prior to 4 April 2004 in its
consolidated accounts. As a result, the net book value of goodwill recognised as an intangible asset under UK GAAP at 3 April 2004 was
brought forward unadjusted as the cost of goodwill recognised under IFRS at 4 April 2004 subject to impairment testing on that date;
and goodwill that was written off to reserves prior to 28 March 1998 under UK GAAP will not be taken into account in determining the
profit or loss on disposal or closure of previously acquired businesses from 4 April 2004 onwards.
Payments for contingent consideration are classified as investing activities within the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, except for
amounts paid in excess of that estimated in the acquisition balance sheets which are recognised in the net cash inflow from operating
activities in the year together with movements in contingent consideration provisions charged/credited to the Consolidated Income
Statement which is included as a reconciling item between operating profit and cash inflow from operating activities.
Intangible assets
(a) Acquired intangible assets
An intangible resource acquired with a subsidiary undertaking is recognised as an intangible asset if it is separable from the acquired
business or arises from contractual or legal rights, is expected to generate future economic benefits and its fair value can be measured
reliably. Acquired intangible assets, comprising trademarks, technology and know‑how and customer relationships, are amortised through
the Consolidated Income Statement on a straight‑line basis over their estimated economic lives of between three and 25 years. The carrying
value of intangible assets is reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.
(b) Product development costs
Research expenditure is charged to the Consolidated Income Statement in the financial year in which it is incurred.
Development expenditure is expensed in the financial year in which it is incurred, unless it relates to the development of a new or
substantially improved product, after the technical feasibility and economic viability of the product has been proven and the decision to
complete the development has been taken, and can be measured reliably. Such expenditure, meeting the recognition criteria of IAS 38
‘Intangible Assets’, is capitalised as an intangible asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost and is amortised through the
Consolidated Income Statement on a straight‑line basis over its estimated economic life of three years.




    Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025
168  
                                                           Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements       Other Information




Key accounting policies continued
Pensions
The Group makes contributions to various pension plans.
For defined benefit plans, the asset or liability recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet is the difference between the fair value of the
plan’s assets and the present value of the defined obligation at that date. The defined benefit obligation is calculated separately for each
plan on an annual basis by independent actuaries using the solvency method.
The buy-in policies are recognised as assets of the pension plan with the fair value being the present value of scheme defined benefit
obligations. Movements in the fair value of the buy-in policies are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
and Expenditure.
Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in full in the period in which they occur and are taken to other comprehensive income.
Current and past service costs, along with the impact of any settlements or curtailments, are charged to the Consolidated Income
Statement. The net interest expense on pension plans’ liabilities and the expected return on the plans’ assets is recognised within finance
expense in the Consolidated Income Statement.
Contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the Consolidated Income Statement in the period the expense relates to.
Impairment of trade and other receivables
The Group assesses on a forward‑looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its trade and other receivables carried
at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial
recognition of the receivables. In order to estimate the expected lifetime losses, the Group categorises its customers into groups with
similar risk profiles and determines the historic rates of impairment for each of those categories of customer. The Group then adjusts the
risk profile for each group of customers by using forward looking information, such as the government risk of default for the country in
which those customers are located, and determines an overall probability of impairment for the total trade and other receivables at the
balance sheet date.
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
The preparation of Group accounts in conformity with IFRS requires the Directors to make judgements and estimates that affect the
application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and assumptions are based on
historical experiences and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis of making judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates.
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements management has considered the impact of climate change, particularly in the
context of the disclosures included in the Strategic Report and the stated Net Zero ambitions. These considerations did not have a
material impact on the financial reporting judgements and estimates in the current year. Climate change is not expected to have a
significant impact on the Group’s going concern assessment as at March 2025 nor the viability of the Group over the next three years.
The following areas of critical accounting judgement and key estimation uncertainty have been identified as having significant risk
of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities:
Critical accounting judgements
Goodwill impairment CGU groups
Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires management’s judgement in assessing cash generating unit (CGU) groups to which
goodwill should be allocated. Management allocates a new acquisition to a CGU group based on which one is expected to benefit most
from that business combination. The allocation of goodwill to existing CGU groups is generally straightforward and factual, however over
time as new businesses are acquired and management reporting structures change, management reviews the CGU groups to ensure they
are still appropriate. Further details are provided in note 11. There have been no changes to the CGU groups in the current year.
Recoverability of non‑current taxation assets
In the prior year, determining the recoverability of tax assets required management’s judgement in assessing the amounts paid in relation
to group financing partial exemption applicable to UK controlled foreign companies as a result of the decision by the European Commission
that this constituted state aid. Management’s assessment was that this represented a contingent liability and that the £14.7m paid to
HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) in previous years should be within non‑current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. This was
repaid in March 2025. Further details are provided in note 31.
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Contingent consideration changes in estimates
Determining the value of contingent consideration recognised as part of the acquisition of a business requires management to estimate
the expected performance of the acquired business and the amount of contingent consideration that will therefore become payable.
Initial estimates of expected performance are made by the management responsible for completing the acquisition and form a key
component of the financial due diligence that takes place prior to completion. Subsequent measurement of contingent consideration
is based on the Directors’ appraisal of the acquired business’s performance in the post‑acquisition period and the agreement of final
payments. See notes 20 and 27 for details of the changes in estimates made in the year and the sensitivity of contingent consideration
payables to further changes.




                                                                                                  Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025   169
Accounting Policies continued


Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty continued
Intangible assets
Intangible assets IFRS 3 (revised) ‘Business Combinations’ requires that goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries is capitalised
and included in intangible assets. IFRS 3 (revised) also requires the identification and valuation of other separable intangible assets at
acquisition. The assumptions involved in valuing these intangible assets require the use of management estimates.
IAS 38 ‘Intangible Assets’ requires that development costs, arising from the application of research findings or other technical knowledge to
a plan or design of a new or substantially improved product, are capitalised, subject to certain criteria being met. Determining the technical
feasibility and estimating the future cash flows generated by the products in development requires the use of management estimates.
The estimates made in relation to both acquired intangible assets and capitalised development costs include identification of relevant
assets, future growth rates, expected inflation rates and the discount rate used. Management also makes estimates of the useful
economic lives of the intangible assets. Management engages third party specialists to assist with the valuation of acquired intangible
assets for significant acquisitions. Depending on the nature of the assets the Group uses different valuation methodologies to arrive at
the fair value including the excess earnings method, the relief from royalty method and the cost savings method. Financial projections
are based on market participants’ expectations and are discounted to their present value using rates of return which reflects the risk
of the investment and the time value of money. Further details on intangible assets are disclosed in note 12.
Goodwill and acquired intangibles impairment future cash flows
The ‘value in use’ calculation used to test for impairment of goodwill and acquired intangibles involves an estimation of the present value
of future cash flows. For annual impairment testing of goodwill, the future cash flows of the CGU Group are based on annual budgets and
forecasts of each relevant CGU, as approved by the Board, to which management’s expectation of market‑share and long‑term growth
rates are applied. The present value is then calculated based on management’s estimate of future discount and growth rates. The Board
reviews these key assumptions (operating assumptions, long‑term growth rates, and discount rates) and the sensitivity analysis around
these. Management believes that there is no reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions that would cause the carrying
value of any CGU group to exceed its recoverable amount. Further details are provided in note 11.
Acquired intangibles are assessed each reporting period for any indicators of impairment, both qualitative and quantitative, including as
a result of our assessments of climate‑related risks. If there are deemed to be any indicators of impairment a ‘value in use’ calculation is
performed over the remaining useful life of the asset to identify if any impairment is needed. Where required, in calculating the ‘value in
use’, future cash flows are based on annual budgets and forecasts for the relevant business. The present value is then calculated based
on management’s estimate of future discount and growth rates. The Board and management reviews these key assumptions
(operating assumptions, growth rates, and discount rates) and the sensitivity analysis around these.
Defined benefit pension plan liabilities
Determining the value of the future defined benefit asset/obligation requires estimation in respect of the assumptions used to calculate
present values of plan liabilities. The significant assumptions utilised in the calculations are future mortality, discount rate and inflation.
Management determines these assumptions in consultation with an independent actuary. Details of the estimates made in calculating
the defined benefit asset/obligation, including sensitivity analysis, are disclosed in note 29.
Other accounting policies
Basis of consolidation
The Group accounts include the accounts of Halma plc and all of its subsidiary companies made up to 31 March 2025, adjusted to
eliminate intra‑Group transactions, balances, income and expenses. The results of subsidiary companies acquired or disposed are included
from the month of their acquisition or to the month of their disposal. The Employee Benefit Trust (EBT) is consolidated on the basis that
the parent has control, therefore the assets and liabilities of the EBT are included on the Company balance sheet and shares held by the
EBT in the Company are presented as a deduction from equity.
Segmental reporting
An operating segment is a distinguishable component of the Group that is engaged in business activities from which it may earn revenues
and incur expenses, and whose operating results are reviewed regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (the Group Chief Executive)
to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial
information is available.
Reportable segments are operating segments that either meet the thresholds and conditions set out in IFRS 8 or are considered by the
Board to be appropriately designated as reportable segments. Segment results represent operating profits and include an allocation
of Head Office expenses. Segment results exclude tax and financing items. Segment assets comprise goodwill, other intangible assets,
property, plant and equipment and right‑of‑use assets (excluding land and buildings), inventories and trade and other receivables.
Segment liabilities comprise trade and other payables, provisions and other payables. Unallocated items represent land and buildings
(including right‑of‑use assets), corporate and deferred taxation balances, defined benefit plan asset/obligation, contingent purchase
consideration, all components of net cash/borrowings, lease liabilities and derivative financial instruments.
The Group has three main operating and reportable segments (Safety, Environmental & Analysis and Healthcare), which are defined by
markets rather than product type. Each segment includes businesses with similar operating and market characteristics and are consistent
with the internal reporting as reviewed by the Group Chief Executive.




    Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025
170  
                                                             Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements       Other Information




Other accounting policies continued
Revenue
The Group’s revenue streams are the sale of goods and services in the specialist safety, environmental technologies and health markets.
The revenue streams are disaggregated into three sectors, that serve like markets. Those sectors are Safety, Environmental & Analysis
and Healthcare.
Revenue is recognised at the point of the transfer of control over promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
amount of consideration specified in a contract with a customer, to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services.
It is the Group’s judgement that in the majority of sales there is no contract until such time as the Operating Company satisfies its
performance obligation, at which point the contract becomes the Operating Company’s terms and conditions resulting from the supplier’s
purchase order. Where there are Master Supply Arrangements, these are typically framework agreements and do not contain clauses
that would result in a contract forming under IFRS 15 until a purchase order is issued by the customer.
Revenue represents sales, net of estimates for variable consideration, including rights to returns, discounts, and excluding value added
tax and other sales related taxes. The amount of variable consideration is not considered to be material to the Group as a whole.
The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis.
Performance obligations are unbundled in each contractual arrangement if they are distinct from one another. There is judgement in
identifying distinct performance obligations where the product could be determined to be a system, or where a combination of products
and services are provided together. For the majority of the Group’s activities the performance obligation is judged to be the component
product or service rather than the system or combined products and services. The contract price is allocated to the distinct performance
obligations based on the relative standalone selling prices of the goods or services.
The way in which the Group satisfies its performance obligations varies by business and may be on shipment, delivery, as services are
rendered or on completion of services depending on the nature of product and service and terms of the contract which govern how
control passes to the customer. Revenue is recognised at a point in time or over time as appropriate.
Where the Group offers warranties that are of a service nature, revenue is recognised in relation to these performance obligations
over time as the services are rendered. In our judgement we believe the associated performance obligations accrue evenly across
the contractual term and therefore revenue is recognised on a pro‑rated basis over the length of the service period.
In a small number of instances across the Group, products have been determined to be bespoke in nature, with no alternative use.
Where there is also an enforceable right to payment for work completed, the criteria for recognising revenue over time have been deemed
to have been met. Revenue is recognised on an input basis as work progresses. Progress is measured with reference to the actual cost
incurred as a proportion of the total costs expected to be incurred under the contract. This is not a significant part of the Group’s business
as for the most part, where goods are bespoke in nature, it is the Group’s judgement that the product can be broken down to standard
component parts with little additional cost and therefore has an alternate use, or there is no enforceable right to payment for work
performed. In these cases, the judgement is made that the requirements for recognising revenue over time are not met and revenue
is recognised when control of the finished product passes to the customer.
The Group applies the practical expedient in IFRS 15 (paragraph 63) and does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the
effects of a significant financing component if the Group expects, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer of a
promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less.
Operating profit
Operating profit is presented net of direct production costs, production overheads, selling costs, distribution costs and administrative
expenditure (see note 6). Operating profit is stated after charging restructuring costs but before the share of results of associates,
profit or loss on disposal of operations, finance income and finance costs.
Adjusting items
When items of income or expense are material and they are relevant to an understanding of the entity’s financial performance, they are
disclosed separately within the financial statements. This provides additional and more consistent measures of underlying performance
to shareholders by removing items that are not closely related to the Group’s trading or operating cash flows. Such adjusting items include
costs or reversals arising from acquisitions or disposals of businesses, including acquisition costs, creation or reversals of provisions related
to changes in estimates for contingent consideration on acquisition, amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets, and
other significant one‑off items that may arise.
Deferred government grant income
Government grant income that is linked to capital expenditure is deferred to the Consolidated Balance Sheet and credited to the
Consolidated Income Statement over the life of the related asset. In addition, the Group claims research and development expenditure
credits arising on qualifying expenditure and shows these ‘above the line’ in operating profit. Where the credits arise on expenditure that
is capitalised as part of internally generated capitalised development costs, the income is deferred to the Consolidated Balance Sheet
and credited to the Consolidated Income Statement over the life of the related asset in line with the policy stated above.




                                                                                                     Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025   171
Accounting Policies continued


Other accounting policies continued
Finance income and expenses
The Group recognises interest income or expense using the effective interest rate method. Finance income and finance costs include:
– Interest payable on loans, borrowings and lease obligations
– Net interest charge on pension plan liabilities
– Amortisation of finance costs
– Interest receivable in respect of cash and cash equivalents
– Unwinding of the discount on provisions
– Fair value movements on derivative financial instruments
The Group has classified interest income and expenses within financing activities in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.
Taxation
Taxation comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement except to the extent that it relates
to items recognised directly in Total equity, in which case it too is recognised in Total equity. Current tax is the expected tax payable on the
taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, along with any adjustment to
tax payable in respect of previous years. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in the Consolidated Income Statement because
it excludes items that are never taxable or deductible.
Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for taxation purposes and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method, apart from the following
differences which are not provided for: goodwill not deductible for tax purposes; the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect
neither accounting nor taxable profit; and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent they will probably not reverse in
the foreseeable future. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities, using tax rates and laws, which are expected to apply in the year when the liability is settled, or the asset
is realised. Deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that recovery is probable.
Foreign currencies
The Group presents its accounts in Sterling. Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange at the date of
the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are reported at the rates
prevailing at that date. Non‑monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are measured in terms of historical costs
using the exchange rate at the date of the initial transaction. Any gain or loss arising on monetary assets and liabilities from subsequent
exchange rate movements is included as an exchange gain or loss in the Consolidated Income Statement.
Net assets of overseas subsidiary companies are expressed in Sterling at the rates of exchange ruling at the end of the financial year,
and trading results and cash flows at the average rates of exchange for the financial year. Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign
business is treated as an asset of the foreign entity and is translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the financial year.
Exchange gains or losses arising on these translations are taken to the Translation reserve within Total equity.
In the event that an overseas subsidiary is disposed of or closed, the profit or loss on disposal or closure will be determined after taking
into account the cumulative translation difference held within the Translation reserve attributable to that subsidiary. As permitted by
IFRS 1, the Group has elected to deem the translation to be £nil at 4 April 2004. Accordingly, the profit or loss on disposal or closure of
foreign subsidiaries will not include any currency translation differences which arose before 4 April 2004.
Other intangible assets
(a) Computer software
Computer software that is not integral to an item of property, plant or equipment is recognised separately as an intangible asset
and is amortised through the Consolidated Income Statement on a straight‑line basis from the point at which the asset is ready to use
over its estimated economic life of between three and five years.
Development costs that are directly attributable to the design and testing of identifiable and unique software products controlled
by the Group are recognised as intangible assets where the following criteria are met:
– it is technically feasible to complete the software so that it will be available for use;
– management intends to complete the software and use or sell it;
– there is an ability to use or sell the software;
– it can be demonstrated how the software will generate probable future economic benefits;
– adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the software are available; and
– the expenditure attributable to the software during its development can be reliably measured.
Where the Group enters into a SaaS cloud computing arrangement to access software, there are limited cases for capitalisation of
attributable implementation costs. If the arrangement contains a lease as defined by IFRS 16, lease accounting rules apply including
capitalisation of directly attributable costs. Alternatively, directly attributable software costs can create an intangible asset if the
software can be controlled by the entity, either through the option to be run on the entity’s or a third‑party’s infrastructure or where
the development of the software creates customised software that the entity has exclusive rights to.




    Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025
172  
                                                              Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements       Other Information




Other accounting policies continued
(b) Other intangibles
Other intangibles are amortised through the Consolidated Income Statement on a straight‑line basis over their estimated economic
lives of between three and ten years.
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less provisions for accumulated impairment and accumulated depreciation
which, with the exception of freehold land which is not depreciated, is provided on a straight‑line basis over each asset’s estimated
economic life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are:

Freehold property                                                         2%
Leasehold buildings and improvements                                      Shorter of 2% or period of lease
Plant, equipment and vehicles                                             8% to 33.3%

Investments in associates
An associate is an entity over which the Group is in a position to exercise significant influence, but not control or joint control, through
participation in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial
and operating policy decisions of the investee but without control or joint control over those policies.
The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these financial statements using the equity method of accounting.
Investments in associates are carried in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost as adjusted by post‑acquisition changes in the Group’s
share of the net assets of the associate, less any impairment in the value of individual investments. Losses of an associate in excess of
the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long‑term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment
in the associate) are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments
on behalf of the associate.
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the fair values of the identifiable net assets of the associate at the date
of acquisition is recognised as goodwill. The goodwill is included within the carrying amount of the investment and is assessed for
impairment as part of that investment. Any deficiency of the cost of acquisition below the Group’s share of the fair values of the
identifiable net assets of the associate at the date of acquisition (i.e. discount on acquisition) is credited in profit or loss in the year
of acquisition.
Where a Group company transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest
in the relevant associate. Losses may provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred in which case appropriate provisioning
is made for impairment.
Where the Group disposes of its entire interest in an associate a gain or loss is recognised in the income statement on the difference
between the amount received on the sale of the associate less the carrying value and costs of disposal.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) comprise equity securities which are not held for trading,
and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise as FVOCI. The Group considers this classification relevant
as these are strategic investments.
Financial assets at FVOCI are adjusted to the fair value of the asset at the balance sheet date with any gain or loss being recognised in
other comprehensive income and held as part of Other reserves. On disposal any gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income
and the cumulative gains or losses are transferred from Other reserves to Retained earnings.
Impairment of non‑current assets
All non‑current assets are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may be impaired.
Additionally, goodwill and capitalised development expenditure relating to a product that is not yet in full production are subject to an
annual impairment test.
An impairment loss is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement to the extent that an asset’s carrying value exceeds its
recoverable amount, which represents the higher of the asset’s ‘fair value less costs to dispose’ and its ‘value in use’. An asset’s ‘value in
use’ represents the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset or from the cash generating unit to which
it relates. The present value is calculated using a pre‑tax discount rate that reflects the current market assessment of the time value of
money and the risks specific to the asset concerned.
Impairment losses recognised in previous periods for an asset other than goodwill are reversed if there has been a change in the estimates
used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount, but only to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its
carrying amount had no impairment loss been recognised in previous periods. Such reversals are recognised in the Consolidated Income
Statement. Impairment losses in respect of goodwill are not reversed.
Inventories
Inventories and work in progress are included at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated either on a ‘first in, first out’
or an average cost basis and includes direct materials and the appropriate proportion of production and other overheads considered by
the Directors to be attributable to bringing the inventories to their location and condition at the year end. Net realisable value represents
the estimated selling price less all estimated costs to complete and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.




                                                                                                      Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025   173
Accounting Policies continued


Other accounting policies continued
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances, deposits with an initial maturity of less than three months, and bank overdrafts
that are repayable on demand.
Contract assets and liabilities
A contract asset is recognised when the Group’s right to consideration is conditional on something other than the passage of time,
for example the completion of future performance obligations under the terms of the contract with the customer.
In some instances, the Group receives payments from customers based on a billing schedule, as established in the contract, which may
not match with the pattern of performance under the contract. A contract liability is only recognised on non‑cancellable contracts that
provide unconditional rights to payment from the customer for products and services that the Group has not yet completed providing or
that it will provide in the near future. Where performance obligations are satisfied ahead of billing then a contract asset will be recognised.
Contract assets are recognised within Trade and other receivables and are assessed for impairment on a forward‑looking basis using
the expected lifetime losses approach, as required by IFRS 9 (‘Financial Instruments’).
Costs to obtain or fulfil a contract
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if the Group expects to recover them.
Costs such as sales commissions may be incurred when the Group enters into a new contract. Costs to obtain or fulfil a contract are
presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as assets until the performance obligation to which they relate has been met. These assets
are amortised on a consistent basis with how the related revenue is recognised.
The Group applies the practical expedient in IFRS 15 (paragraph 94) and recognises incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an
expense when incurred if the amortisation period of the asset that the Group would otherwise have recognised is one year or less.
Trade payables
Trade payables are non‑interest bearing and are stated at amortised cost.
Interest bearing loans and borrowings
Interest bearing loans and borrowings are initially recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value less directly attributable
transaction costs and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
Provisions and contingent liabilities
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that
the Group will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the balance
sheet date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows
estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of the cash flows.
When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a receivable
is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received, and the amount of the receivable can be
measured reliably.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed where a possible obligation dependent on uncertain future events exists as at the end of the reporting
period or a present obligation for which payment either cannot be measured or is not considered to be probable is noted. Contingent
liabilities are not accrued for and no contingent liability is disclosed where the possibility of payment is considered to be remote.
Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
The Group enters into derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate risk using forward exchange
contracts and interest rate risk using interest rate swaps. Further details of derivative financial instruments are disclosed in note 27.
The Group continues to apply the requirements of IAS 39 for hedge accounting.
Derivative financial instruments are classified as fair value through profit and loss (held for trading) unless they are in a designated
hedge relationship.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their
fair value at each balance sheet date. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement, unless the derivative
is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in the Consolidated Income Statement
depends on the nature of the hedge relationship. The Group designates certain derivatives as hedges of highly probable forecast
transactions or hedges of foreign currency risk of firm commitments (cash flow hedges), or hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative with a negative fair value is recognised as a
financial liability. A derivative is presented as a non‑current asset or a non‑current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is
more than 12 months and it is not expected to be realised or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets
or current liabilities.




    Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025
174  
                                                              Strategic Report    Governance Report     Financial Statements       Other Information




Other accounting policies continued
Cash flow hedge accounting
The Group designates certain hedging instruments as cash flow hedges.
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the entity documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item,
along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of
the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument has been or is expected to be highly effective
in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item.
Note 27 sets out details of the fair values of the derivative instruments used for hedging purposes and the movements in the Hedging
reserve in equity.
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other
comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion as a result of being over hedged is recognised immediately in
the Consolidated Income Statement.
Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are reclassified to the Consolidated Income
Statement in the periods when the hedged item is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. However, when the forecast
transaction that is hedged results in the recognition of a non‑financial asset or a non‑financial liability, the gains and losses previously
accumulated in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non‑financial asset or
non‑financial liability.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the Group revokes the hedging relationship, the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated
or exercised, or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income at that time is
accumulated in equity and is recognised, when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised, in the Consolidated Income Statement.
When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in the
Consolidated Income Statement.
Net investment hedge accounting
The Group uses foreign currency denominated borrowings as a hedge against the translation exposure on the Group’s net investment in
overseas companies. Where the hedge is fully effective at hedging, the variability in the net assets of such companies caused by changes
in exchange rates and the changes in value of the borrowings are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
and accumulated in the Translation reserve. The ineffective part of any change in value caused by changes in exchange rates is recognised
in the Consolidated Income Statement.
Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control
the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Where the Group determines the contract is, or contains
a lease, a right‑of‑use asset and a lease liability is recognised at the lease commencement date.
The lease term is determined from the commencement date of the lease and covers the non‑cancellable term. If the Group has
an extension option, which it considers reasonably certain to exercise, then the lease term will be considered to extend beyond that
non‑cancellable period. If the Group has a termination option, which it considers reasonably certain to exercise, then the lease term will
be considered to be until the point the termination option will take effect. The Group deem that it is not reasonably certain to exercise
an extension option or a termination option with an exercise date past the planning horizon of five years.
The right‑of‑use asset is initially measured at cost, comprising the initial amount of the lease liability plus any initial direct costs incurred
and an estimate of costs to restore the underlying asset, less any lease incentives received. The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently
depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to the end of the lease term unless the right‑of‑use asset
is deemed to have a useful life shorter than the lease term. The Group has taken the practical expedient to not separate lease and
non‑lease components and so account for both as a single lease component.
The right‑of‑use assets are also subject to impairment testing under IAS 36. Refer to the previous section on Impairment of non‑current
assets for further details.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
discounted using the incremental borrowing rate. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in‑substance fixed payments)
less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under
residual value guarantees. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
value guarantees are not material to the Group. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably
certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they
are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. The lease liability is
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability
and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made. The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in
future lease payments arising from a change in an index or a rate or a change in the Group’s assessment of whether it will exercise an
extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the right‑of‑use asset.




                                                                                                      Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025   175
Accounting Policies continued


Other accounting policies continued
Payments associated with short‑term leases or low‑value assets are recognised on a straight‑line basis as an expense in the Consolidated
Income Statement. Short‑term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low‑value assets mostly comprise IT equipment
and small items of office furniture. Lease payments for short‑term leases, low‑value assets and variable lease payments not included in
the measurement of the lease liability are classified as cash flows from operating activities within the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.
The Group has classified the principal and interest portions of lease payments within financing activities.
Employee share plans
Share‑based incentives are provided to employees under the Group’s share incentive plan, the performance share plan and the executive
share plan.
(a) Share incentive plan
Awards of shares under the share incentive plan are made to qualifying employees depending on salary and service criteria. The shares
awarded under this plan are purchased in the market by the plan’s trustees at the time of the award, and are then held in trust for a
minimum of three years. The costs of this plan are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement over the three‑year vesting period
of the awards.
(b) Executive share plan
Under the Executive share plan, awards of shares are made to Executive Directors and certain senior employees. Grants under this plan
are in the form of Performance Awards or Deferred Share Awards.
Performance Awards are subject to non‑market‑based vesting criteria, and Deferred Share Awards are subject only to continuing service
of the employee. Share awards are equity‑settled. The fair value of the awards at the date of grant, which is estimated to be equal to
the market value, is charged to the Consolidated Income Statement on a straight‑line basis over the vesting period, with appropriate
adjustments being made during this period to reflect expected and actual forfeitures. The corresponding credit is to Retained earnings
within Total equity.
(c) Cash‑settled
For cash‑settled awards, a liability equal to the portion of the services received is recognised at the current fair value determined at each
balance sheet date.
Dividends
Dividends payable to the Company’s shareholders are recognised as a liability in the period in which the distribution is approved by the
Company’s shareholders.




    Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025
176  
                                                            Strategic Report   Governance Report     Financial Statements       Other Information



Notes to the Accounts


1 Segmental analysis and revenue from contracts with customers
Sector analysis and disaggregation of revenue
The Group has three main operating and reportable segments (Safety, Environmental & Analysis and Healthcare), which are defined by
markets rather than product type. Each segment includes businesses with similar operating and market characteristics. These segments
are consistent with the internal reporting as reviewed by the Group Chief Executive.
Nature of goods and services
The following is a description of the principal activities – separated by reportable segments, which are defined by markets rather than
product type – from which the Group generates its revenue.
Further disaggregation of sector revenue by geography and by the pattern of revenue recognition depicts how economic factors affect
the timing and uncertainty of the Group’s revenues.
Safety Sector generates revenue by providing products that protect people, assets and infrastructure in commercial industrial and public
spaces. The technologies play a critical role in reducing safety risks in hazardous situations, increasing efficiency and helping create a
safe and more sustainable future for everyone. Markets include: Fire Safety solutions that detect, mitigate and suppress the effects of
fires, protecting people and assets; Public Safety technologies that safeguard the public by preventing and protecting people against a
variety of risks; Worker Safety solutions that protect people in hazardous work environments; and Infrastructure and Asset Safety
technologies that ensure the safe management and operating of critical assets. Products are generally sold separately, with contracts
typically less than one year in length. Warranties are typically of an assurance nature. Revenue is recognised as control passes on delivery
or despatch.
Payment is typically due within 60 days of invoice, except where a retention is held for documentation.
Environmental & Analysis Sector generates revenue by providing technologies that monitor the environment, ensure the quality and
availability of life‑critical resources, and are used in materials analysis and optoelectronic applications. Markets include: Optical Analysis
which provides world‑class optical, optoelectronic and spectral imaging systems that use light in a wide variety of industrial, digital and
research applications; Water Analysis & Treatment systems that assist communities and businesses around the world to sustainably
improve water quality and availability; and Environmental Monitoring technologies that detect hazardous gases, analyse air quality, gases
and water to monitor environmental quality and ensure that resource infrastructure operates efficiently. Products and services are
generally sold separately. Warranties are typically of an assurance nature, but some companies within the Group offer extended
warranties. Depending on the nature of the performance obligation, revenue may be recognised as control passes on delivery, despatch
or as the service is delivered. Contracts are typically less than one year in length, but some companies have contracts where certain
service‑related performance obligations are delivered over a number of years; this can result in contract liabilities where those
performance obligations are invoiced ahead of performance.
Payment is typically due within 60 days of invoice.
Healthcare Sector generates revenue by providing technologies and digital solutions which help providers improve the care they deliver
and enhance the quality of patients’ lives. They contribute to the discovery and development of new cures, the diagnosis and treatment
of patient conditions, and the provision of improved healthcare through data analysis. Markets include: Healthcare Assessment &
Analytics which provides components, devices and systems that provide valuable information and analytics so providers can better
understand patient health and make decisions across the continuum of care; Therapeutic Solutions technologies, materials and solutions
that enable treatment across key clinical specialties; and Life Sciences technologies and solutions to enable in‑vitro diagnostic systems
and accelerate life‑science discoveries and development. Products are generally sold separately, and warranties are typically of an
assurance nature. Depending on the nature of the performance obligation, revenue is recognised as control passes on delivery or
despatch or as the service is delivered. Contracts are typically less than one year in length, but a limited number of companies have
contracts where certain service‑related performance obligations are delivered over a number of years; this can result in contract liabilities
where those performance obligations are invoiced ahead of performance.
Payment is typically due within 60 days of invoice.




                                                                                                   Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025   177
Notes to the Accounts continued


1 Segmental analysis and revenue from contracts with customers continued
Segment revenue disaggregation
                                                                                                                              Year ended 31 March 2025
                                                                                           Revenue by sector and destination (all continuing operations)

                                                                                                              Africa,
                                                  United States   Mainland     United                       Near and             Other
                                                    of America      Europe   Kingdom    Asia Pacific      Middle East         countries             Total
                                                            £m          £m        £m            £m                £m               £m                 £m

Safety                                                 242.6       260.3     173.1         143.1               47.8              35.1            902.0
Environmental & Analysis                               492.1        70.6      93.6          86.2               17.1              17.0            776.6
Healthcare                                             303.9       100.3      50.0          74.7               15.4              26.1            570.4
Inter‑segmental sales                                      –           –      (0.9)            –                  –                 –             (0.9)
Revenue for the year                                1,038.6        431.2     315.8         304.0               80.3              78.2         2,248.1
                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 March 2024
                                                                                             Revenue by sector and destination (all continuing operations)

                                                                                                              Africa,
                                                  United States   Mainland     United                       Near and             Other
                                                    of America      Europe   Kingdom    Asia Pacific      Middle East         countries              Total
                                                            £m          £m        £m            £m                £m               £m                  £m

Safety                                                 219.4       240.2      156.8         129.8              46.4              31.2             823.8
Environmental & Analysis                               387.8        73.1       89.7          76.0              17.5              14.3             658.4
Healthcare                                             288.1       106.2       48.5          68.9              14.6              26.6             552.9
Inter‑segmental sales                                      –           –       (1.0)            –                 –                 –              (1.0)
Revenue for the year                                   895.3       419.5      294.0         274.7              78.5              72.1          2,034.1

Inter‑segmental sales are charged at prevailing market prices and have not been disclosed separately by segment as they are not
considered material. Revenue derived from the rendering of services was £125.8m (2024: £113.3m).
                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 March 2025

                                                                                                                              Revenue
                                                                                                            Revenue         recognised
                                                                                                          recognised         at a point             Total
                                                                                                           over time            in time          Revenue
                                                                                                                  £m                 £m               £m

Safety                                                                                                        10.7             891.3             902.0
Environmental & Analysis                                                                                     332.6             444.0             776.6
Healthcare                                                                                                    80.3             490.1             570.4
Inter‑segmental sales                                                                                            –              (0.9)             (0.9)
Revenue for the year                                                                                         423.6          1,824.5           2,248.1
                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                                                                               Revenue
                                                                                                             Revenue         recognised
                                                                                                          recognised          at a point            Total
                                                                                                            over time            in time         Revenue
                                                                                                                   £m                 £m              £m

Safety                                                                                                         8.0              815.8             823.8
Environmental & Analysis                                                                                     238.0              420.4             658.4
Healthcare                                                                                                    70.4              482.5             552.9
Inter‑segmental sales                                                                                            –               (1.0)             (1.0)
Revenue for the year                                                                                         316.4           1,717.7           2,034.1




    Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025
178  
                                                          Strategic Report   Governance Report        Financial Statements           Other Information




1 Segmental analysis and revenue from contracts with customers continued
Segment revenue disaggregation continued
                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 March 2025

                                                                                     Revenue from                         Revenue from
                                                                                      performance            Revenue       performance
                                                                                        obligations        previously       obligations
                                                                                       entered into      included as         satisfied in
                                                                                      and satisfied         contract            previous            Total
                                                                                        in the year         liabilities          periods         Revenue
                                                                                                £m                  £m               £m               £m

Safety                                                                                    895.8                 6.2                    –         902.0
Environmental & Analysis                                                                  768.9                 7.7                    –         776.6
Healthcare                                                                                552.6                17.8                    –         570.4
Inter‑segmental sales                                                                      (0.9)                  –                    –          (0.9)
Revenue for the year                                                                   2,216.4                 31.7                    –      2,248.1
                                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                                     Revenue from                         Revenue from
                                                                                      performance            Revenue       performance
                                                                                        obligations        previously        obligations
                                                                                       entered into      included as         satisfied in
                                                                                      and satisfied          contract           previous            Total
                                                                                        in the year         liabilities          periods         Revenue
                                                                                                £m                 £m                £m               £m

Safety                                                                                     817.8                6.0                   –           823.8
Environmental & Analysis                                                                   649.9                8.5                   –           658.4
Healthcare                                                                                 535.5               17.3                 0.1           552.9
Inter‑segmental sales                                                                       (1.0)                 –                   –            (1.0)
Revenue for the year                                                                    2,002.2                31.8                 0.1        2,034.1

The Group has unsatisfied (or partially satisfied) performance obligations at the balance sheet date with an aggregate amount of
transaction price as follows. The time bands represented present the expected timing of when the remaining transaction price will be
recognised as revenue.
                                                                                                                   Aggregate transaction price allocated
                                                                                                                  to unsatisfied performance obligations

                                                                                          31 March
                                                                                              2025       Recognised         Recognised        Recognised
                                                                                              Total         < 1 year          1‑2 years         > 2 years
                                                                                                £m               £m                 £m                £m

Safety                                                                                      18.2               10.0                3.5               4.7
Environmental & Analysis                                                                    23.0               11.9                4.2               6.9
Healthcare                                                                                  28.1               27.3                0.8                 –
Inter‑segmental sales                                                                          –                  –                  –                 –
Total                                                                                       69.3               49.2                8.5             11.6
                                                                                                                     Aggregate transaction price allocated
                                                                                                                    to unsatisfied performance obligations

                                                                                          31 March
                                                                                              2024       Recognised         Recognised        Recognised
                                                                                              Total         < 1 year          1‑2 years         > 2 years
                                                                                                £m               £m                 £m                £m

Safety                                                                                      14.8                5.6                 3.5              5.7
Environmental & Analysis                                                                    18.1                8.6                 3.4              6.1
Healthcare                                                                                  21.0               20.6                 0.4                –
Inter‑segmental sales                                                                          –                  –                   –                –
Total                                                                                       53.9               34.8                 7.3            11.8




                                                                                                  Halma plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025   179
Notes to the Accounts continued


1 Segmental analysis and revenue from contracts with customers continued
Segment results
                                                                                                                                               Year ended      Year ended
                                                                                                                                                 31 March        31 March
                                                                                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                                                                                      £m              £m

Segment profit before allocation of adjustments*
Safety                                                                                                                                           217.9            191.6
Environmental & Analysis                                                                                                                         185.5            147.9
Healthcare                                                                                                                                       130.6            125.6
                                                                                                                                                 534.0            465.1
Segment profit after allocation of adjustments*
Safety                                                                                                                                           192.1            170.2
Environmental & Analysis                                                                                                                         174.8            138.0
Healthcare                                                                                                                                        92.0            100.8
Segment profit                                                                                                                                   458.9            409.0
Central administration costs                                                                                                                     (47.7)           (41.1)
Group profit before interest and taxation                                                                                                        411.2            367.9
Net finance expense                                                                                                                              (26.9)           (27.6)
Group profit before taxation                                                                                                                     384.3            340.3
Taxation                                                                                                                                         (87.9)           (71.5)
Profit for the year                                                                                                                              296.4            268.8

* Adjustments include where applicable the amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets; acquisition items; significant restructuring costs;
  profit or loss on disposal of operations and impairment of associates. Note 3 provides more information on alternative performance measures.

Acquisition transaction costs, adjustments to contingent consideration and release of fair value adjustments to inventory (collectively
‘acquisition items’), amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets and profit on disposal of operations are recognised in the
Consolidated Income Statement. Segment profit, before these acquisition items and the other adjustments, is disclosed separately above
as this is the measure reported to the Group Chief Executive for the purpose of allocation of resources and assessment of segment
performance. These adjustments are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 March 2025

                                                                                                       Acquisition items
                                                                                                                                   Total       Disposal of
                                                    Amortisation of                                          Release of    amortisation    operations and
                                                          acquired                      Adjustments           fair value    charge and        impairment
                                                        intangible      Transaction    to contingent       adjustments      acquisition      of associate
                                                             assets           costs    consideration       to inventory           items         (note 30)            Total
                                                                £m              £m               £m                  £m              £m                £m              £m

Safety                                                     (21.7)             (2.2)              –                (1.9)         (25.8)                 –          (25.8)
Environmental & Analysis                                   (12.9)             (0.5)            0.8                (0.1)         (12.7)               2.0          (10.7)
Healthcare                                                 (22.3)             (5.6)           (6.1)               (4.6)         (38.6)                 –          (38.6)
Total Segment & Group                                      (56.9)             (8.3)           (5.3)               (6.6)         (77.1)               2.0          (75.1)

The transaction costs in Safety, related to the acquisitions of Jam Topco Limited (MK Test), G.F.E. – Global Fire Equipment – Montagem de
Equipamento Electrónico S.A. (Global Fire Equipment), Remlive Limited (Remlive), Advantronic Systems, S.L. (Advantronic) and Safe-com
Wireless LLC (Safe-com) in the curre