. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation,” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report Form 10-K. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry • Our success depends on our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering solutions as-a-Service, effectively planning and managing our resources, and continuing to develop and manage our offerings to integrate new features and solutions. • We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively. • System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. • We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance • Any failure by us to identify, manage, and complete acquisitions and subsequent integrations (including the integration of Juniper Networks following the Merger), divestitures, and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business, prospects, and stock price. • Uncertainty and fluctuations in geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. • If we experience or fail to properly manage disruption in the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. • Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. • Long sales and implementation cycles for our offerings and dynamics related to large orders may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. • Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. • Our ability to achieve our strategy could be harmed if we are unable to attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition key personnel. • Risks arising from climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact our business. Risks Related to Our Technology and Business Operations • Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence may result in reputational harm, liability, or impact to our results of operations. • Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license, or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. 17 Table of Content • Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, financial condition, and results of operations. • We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our cost reduction actions, some or all of which may be disruptive to our business. • Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties. • We rely on the performance of our business systems and processes, as well as those of third-parties with whom we do business. • If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business, and financial performance may suffer. • Our sustainable and responsible business expectations and actions towards achieving our Living Progress objectives may expose us to operational, legal, or reputational risks and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Financial Risks • Our revenue, profitability, and margins have historically varied, and we expect them to continue to vary over time. • We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. • Adverse developments affecting our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs, and access to capital markets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations or those of the third parties with whom we do business. • Our debt obligations may adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends. • We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations. • Declaration, payment and amounts of dividends, if any, to holders of our shares will be uncertain. Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks • Unfavorable results of legal proceedings, investigations, and other disputes could harm our business and result in substantial costs. • Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, including patent infringement, are commonplace in our industry and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services. • Our business is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations. • Contracts with federal, state, provincial, and local governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business. • Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our financial performance. Risks Related to Prior Separations • We continue to face a number of risks related to our separation from HP Inc., our former parent, including those associated with ongoing indemnification obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and shared use of certain intellectual property rights, which could in the future adversely impact our reputation. General Risks • Our stock price has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of our stock difficult to predict. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 18 Table of Content Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry Our success depends on our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering solutions as-a-Service, effectively planning and managing our resources, and continuing to develop and manage our offerings to integrate new features and solutions. Our long-term go-to-market strategy is focused on leveraging our portfolio composed of hardware, software, and services as we deliver global edge-to-cloud platform as-a-Service (“aaS”) to help customers accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from their data, everywhere. We offer a substantial portion of our portfolio through a range of subscription and consumption-based offerings. We will also continue to provide our hardware and software in capital expenditure and license-based models, to give our customers choices in consuming HPE products and services. Following the acquisition of Juniper Networks on July 2, 2025 (the “Merger”), we seek to enhance our networking solutions by offering secure, unified cloud and AI-native networking to enhance innovation across edge to cloud. To successfully execute our strategy in a rapidly evolving market, we must maintain effective planning, forecasting, and management processes to enable us to continue to improve cost structures, align sales coverage with strategic goals, improve channel execution, and strengthen our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, while continuing to pursue new product innovation in areas such as edge computing, hybrid cloud, AI, high performance computing, and networking. We must also make sufficient long-term investments in strategic growth areas to develop, obtain, and protect our intellectual property, and commit to transition significant research and development (“R&D”) and other resources before knowing whether our projections will align with customer demand for our solutions. We anticipate adapting our go-to-market structure from time-to-time with new approaches to sales and marketing, to better align with aaS business models and to capture unique market opportunities, such as in hybrid cloud, AI, and AI-native networking. This incremental capital investment approach may require additional sales, marketing, or other expenses that negatively impact cash flows in the near term. Further, should such efforts fail to produce actionable insights, or our offerings not perform as designed or promised, our business results and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our ongoing process of improving HPE GreenLake; expanding our offerings across all our businesses (including cloud, AI, and networking offerings); enhancing existing hardware, software, and cloud-based solutions; and developing and improving the systems necessary for new and evolving data-intensive AI-based workloads are all complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately, to invest sufficiently in strategic growth areas, or to otherwise successfully execute this strategy could significantly harm our market share, results of operations, and financial performance. Having developed a cloud platform product in HPE GreenLake and the hardware capabilities to support AI computing, we must be able to continue integrating new features that are relevant to our customers and to scale quickly, while also managing costs and preserving margins, which means accurately forecasting volumes, mixes of products, and configurations that meet customer requirements. In addition, through HPE Networking we now offer a full networking IP stack: from silicon, to infrastructure, to the operating system, to security, to software and services, in a cloud-native and AI-driven approach following the Merger. The process of integrating and streamlining our offerings (including integrating Juniper Networks’ offerings with ours) or developing new solutions based on our respective technological portfolios may be complex, costly, time-consuming, and uncertain, and failure by us to successfully do so could adversely impact our future results of operations and financial performance. These offerings face competition from peer companies, and any delay in our development, production, or marketing of a new product, service, or solution could result in our offerings being late to reach the market, which could harm our competitive position. These offerings also depend on the continued growth of demand for secure network and internet protocol (“IP”) infrastructure from customers that are able to build their network capacity, grow their IP services, and choose to deploy our products in their networks and IP infrastructures. There is no assurance that we will be able to implement these adjustments in a timely or cost-effective manner, or that we will be able to realize all or any of the expected benefits from them. Our HPE GreenLake and networking solutions generally are multiyear agreements, which result in recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. As customer demand for our aaS offerings increases, we have experienced, and will continue to experience, differences in the timing of revenue recognition between our traditional offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized at the time of delivery) and our aaS offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the contract). As such, our financial results and growth depend, in part, on customers continuing to purchase our services and solutions over the contract life on the agreed terms. Additionally, implementing this business model means that our historical results, especially those from before the Merger, may not be indicative of future results, which may adversely affect our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results. Our aaS offerings also could subject us to increased risk of liability related to the provision of services as well as operational, technical, legal, regulatory, or other costs. 19 Table of Content We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively. Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our needs for components, products, and services, as well as the ability of our manufacturers (including original equipment manufacturers, original and outsourced design manufacturers, and contract manufacturers), and suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of quality components, products, and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet critical schedules for the delivery of our own products and services. Given the wide variety of solutions that we offer; the large and diverse distribution of our suppliers and contract manufacturers; and the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble, and deliver certain products and solutions, problems in production, planning, and inventory management have harmed our business at times, and may do so again in the future. Any delay in our ability to produce and deliver our products could cause our customers to purchase alternative products from our competitors. Manufacturing and supply problems that we have faced, and could face in the future, are described below. • Manufacturing Issues. We may experience supply shortfalls or delays in shipping products to our customers if our manufacturers experience delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, or if we have to change or add manufacturers or contract manufacturing locations. We have contracts with our manufacturers that include terms to protect us in the event of an early termination or breach, yet we may not have adequate time to transition all of our manufacturing needs to an alternative manufacturer under comparable commercial terms. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, an increase in the expected time required to manufacture our products or ship products. Moreover, a significant portion of our manufacturing is performed in foreign countries. The manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations, including the United States, Puerto Rico, Vietnam, Thailand, Costa Rica, Brazil, Czech Republic, Malaysia, Mexico, China, Taiwan, India, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, and Singapore. We also rely on major logistics hubs, which are strategically located near manufacturing facilities in the major regions and in proximity to HPE’s distribution channels and customers. These operations are therefore subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the U.S., including trade restrictions and related costs, government sanctions, disruptions to our supply chain, cyberattacks, cyberwarfare, pandemics, regional health emergencies, regional climate-related events, or regional conflicts. Other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in California and Asia, near major earthquake faults known for seismic activity. Our operations could be adversely affected if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason or due to natural disasters and public health issues in the United States, Puerto Rico, and China. • Supply Chain Disruption. Any disruptions to our supply chain, significant increase in component costs or logistics costs, or shortages of critical components, could decrease our sales, earnings, and liquidity or otherwise adversely affect our business and result in increased costs. Disruptions could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to: an extended closure of, or any slowdown at our suppliers' plants or shipping delays; market shortages due to the surge in demand from other purchasers for critical components; increases in prices (including fuel prices and increases in prices due to inflation); the imposition of regulations, quotas, embargoes, or tariffs on components; labor stoppages; transportation delays, including due to labor strikes; third-party interference in the integrity of the products sourced through the supply chain; cyberattacks; the unavailability of raw materials; severe weather conditions and adverse effects of climate change, or natural disasters; geopolitical developments, war or terrorism; and disruptions in utilities and other services, some of which we have experienced. In addition, the development, licensing, or acquisition of new products in the future may increase the complexity of supply chain management. Failure to effectively manage the supply of components and products would adversely affect our business. Our ongoing efforts to geographically diversify and optimize the efficiency of our supply chain could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, and resource-intensive than expected, and such impacts may be more pronounced as a result of increased tariffs between the U.S. and its trading partners. In this environment of heightened trade restrictions, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, cost increases from certain of our suppliers that result in price increases for some of our offerings and could subsequently limit demand for such offerings. If we are unable to pass on all or some of such cost increases to our customers, such increased prices may reduce our current margins and future margins. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers have discontinued conducting business with us or failed to perform under their contracts with us. • Component Supply Shortages . We provide demand forecasts for our products to our manufacturers, who order components and plan capacity based on these forecasts. We have experienced, and may experience again in the future, delays and shortages of certain components as a result of strong demand, supplier transitions, raw material or capacity constraints, and other problems experienced by suppliers in certain geographies and markets, resulting in insufficient 20 Table of Content supply to meet total market demand. We have experienced shortages or delays, which led to higher prices of certain components and exposure to quality issues and delivery delays, and may experience such delays and associated impacts in the future. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices, of acceptable quality, or at all, to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, our business and financial performance could suffer from a loss of time-sensitive sales, additional freight costs incurred, or the inability to pass on price increases to our customers. If we cannot adequately address supply issues, we may have to reengineer some product or service offerings, which could result in further costs and delays. • Excess Supply. In order to secure components for our products or services, at times we have made advance payments to suppliers or entered into long term agreements, non-cancellable commitments, or other inventory management arrangements with vendors. In addition, we have also, at times, purchased components strategically in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing, to address concerns about the availability of future components, or to prepare to fulfill large orders. If our manufacturers assess charges, we have liabilities for excess inventory or raw materials (each of which could negatively affect our gross margins), we fail to adequately anticipate customer demand and overestimate our requirements, continue to take actions to make strategic purchases in advance of demand, or these dynamics are exacerbated due to order delays or cancellations, a temporary oversupply may result in excess or obsolete components, which may result in additional charges from our manufacturers, or we may have liabilities for excess inventory or raw materials, each of which could negatively affect our gross margins. We have experienced adverse impacts to our business and financial performance due to excess supply and could do so again in the future. • Contractual Terms . As a result of binding long-term price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be obligated to purchase components or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market and be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. If we commit to purchasing components or services for prices in excess of the then-current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, our gross margin could suffer, and we could incur charges relating to inventory obsolescence. • Single-Source Suppliers. We obtain certain components from single-source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality, scale, or customization needs. Certain single source suppliers have discontinued, and may again in the future discontinue, manufacturing components used in our products, which may cause us to discontinue certain products, incur additional costs to redesign our products so as not to incorporate such discontinued components, or incur time and expense to find replacement suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier has at times delayed, and could delay, production of some products as replacement suppliers may initially be unable to meet demand or be subject to other output limitations. In addition, we may purchase components from single-source suppliers under agreements that contain favorable pricing and other terms for us, but allow the supplier to modify or terminate the contract with limited notice to us and with little or no penalty. The performance of such single-source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or extension of those agreements upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity, and price of our components. The loss of a single-source supplier, the deterioration of our relationship with a single-source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we receive components from a single-source supplier could adversely affect our business and financial performance. • Alternative Sources of Supply . The development of alternate sources for components is time-consuming, complex, and costly. For some components, such as customized components, alternative sources may not exist, we may not be able to locate alternative sources in a timely manner, or we may be unable to secure quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. As a result, if an existing source of supply is unable to provide components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we may not be able to deliver, or be delayed in delivering, products and services to our customers, which may affect present and future sales. If we are unable to buy components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products and services to our customers, which would seriously affect present and future sales, and would, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • Contingent Workers. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to effectively manage our use of such workers could adversely affect our results of operations. We have been exposed to various legal claims relating to the status of contingent workers in the past and could face similar claims in the future. We may be subject to shortages, oversupply, or fixed contractual terms relating to contingent workers. Our ability to manage the size and cost of our contingent workforce may be subject to additional constraints imposed by local laws. 21 Table of Content System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. In the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal data, our proprietary business information and that of our employees, contractors, customers, vendors, partners, suppliers, and other third parties with whom we do business. In addition, we store sensitive data through cloud-based services that may be hosted by third parties and in data center infrastructure maintained by third parties. We have been, and expect to be, subject to cyberattacks and other attempted intrusions into our networks and systems by a wide range of actors, including, but not limited to, nation state actors, criminal enterprises, terrorist organizations, and other organizations or individuals, as well as errors, wrongful conduct or malfeasance by employees and third-party service providers, (collectively, “malicious parties”) who have at times been able to circumvent or bypass our cyber security measures. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may also heighten the risk of such cyberattacks or exacerbate system vulnerabilities, considering our continued hybrid work environment and our globally dispersed operations, employees, contractors, suppliers, developers, partners, and other third parties. Despite our security measures, our information systems, infrastructure, and data have experienced security incidents and breaches and may be subject to or vulnerable to security incidents and breaches in the future, including ransomware and distributed denial-of-service attacks. These attacks have not resulted in material negative impacts to HPE, nor have any of HPE’s consumers, customers, or employees informed HPE that these attacks resulted in material harm to them. While we investigate and remediate incidents, there can be no assurance that we can remediate all incidents completely, that we won’t make errors or fail to take necessary actions, or that the threat actor will not identify alternative means of intrusion or opportunities to otherwise utilize the information it accessed to adversely affect our business or results of operations. It may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks, limiting our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. The costs associated with cybersecurity tools and infrastructure and competition for cybersecurity and IT talent have limited, and may in the future continue to limit, our ability to efficiently identify, eliminate, or remediate cyber or other security vulnerabilities or problems or enact changes to minimize the attack surface of our network. Furthermore, our efforts to address these problems, at times, have not been, and may in the future not be, successful and have resulted and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service, compromise of sensitive information, and loss of existing or potential customers, any of which may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. Additional impacts from cybersecurity incidents have included and could include reimbursement of remediation costs to our customers, suppliers, or distributors; lost revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract business partners following an incident; increased insurance premiums; and damage to our competitiveness, reputation, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. To the extent we carry insurance coverage for such possibilities, we cannot be certain that any such coverage will be adequate or otherwise protect us with respect to claims, expenses, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, litigation, regulatory actions, or other impacts arising from security breaches or incidents, or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. The cybersecurity threat landscape is rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, and there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures will be sufficient to address future threats or remediate future incidents. Further, there has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of attacks, and we expect these activities to continue to increase, including malicious actors potentially leveraging AI to develop malicious code or sophisticated phishing attempts. It is possible that such incidents may embolden other malicious actors to perpetrate future attacks that may result in material misappropriation, system disruptions or shutdowns, malicious alteration, or destruction of our confidential or personal information or that of third parties. Additionally, the proliferation of generative AI models within the internal systems, processes, and tools of HPE, our suppliers, our customers, or other third parties with whom we do business may create new attack methods for threat actors. The emergence of deepfakes and advanced social engineering tactics presents new challenges in preventing deception and unauthorized access, underscoring the importance of advanced verification and detection mechanisms. Zero-day vulnerabilities may include newly discovered security flaws in software that are exploited before patches are released, requiring proactive monitoring and immediate remediation efforts. Quantum computing may in the future present a risk to our business by potentially breaking traditional cryptographic methods on which we rely, thereby necessitating the shift to quantum-resistant encryption techniques. Malicious parties may also be able to otherwise develop and deploy viruses, worms, ransomware, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products, including within our cloud-based environments and offerings, such that we may be unable to anticipate such malicious parties’ techniques, implement adequate preventative measures, or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis even if our security measures are appropriate, reasonable, and comply with applicable legal requirements. Advanced persistent threats can include 22 Table of Content highly sophisticated intrusions by threat actors aiming to establish prolonged access within our network. Such intrusions have in the past gone, and could in the future go, undetected in our environments for a period of time, and we may discover additional impacts of earlier incidents that we believe were remediated. Given resource limitations, operational constraints, and our broad and diverse network environment, when vulnerabilities are discovered, we evaluate the risk, prioritize our responses, apply patches or take other remediation actions and notify customers, business partners, and suppliers, as appropriate. Exploitation of vulnerabilities and critical security defects have occurred and may occur in the future if we fail to patch certain security vulnerabilities in time to prevent successful disruptions of our infrastructure or exposure of information, or the failure of third-party providers to remedy vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying security releases or deciding not to upgrade products, services or solutions, could, in each case, result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. With our business increasingly providing aaS offerings, malicious parties could target such services, potentially resulting in an increased risk of compromise of customer or employee data resulting in regulatory exposure. Incidents involving our cyber or physical security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information, intellectual property, or sensitive, confidential, or personal data about us, our clients, or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such data as a result of fraud or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information; result in regulatory fines, litigation, and potential liability for us; damage our brand and reputation; or otherwise harm our business. We also could lose existing or potential customers of services or other IT solutions or incur significant expenses in connection with our customers’ system failures or any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of managing an incident and implementing further data protection measures could be significant. Additionally, we have acquired and may continue to acquire companies with cybersecurity vulnerabilities, gaps or different security standards, which exposes us to related cybersecurity, operational, and financial risks. Further, as our products and services in some instances are integrated with our customers' systems and processes, even if we are successful in identifying vulnerabilities, a successful attack on us could compromise customers’ IT systems and sensitive data, despite active monitoring and development of tools designed to identify and remediate such vulnerabilities. There is no guarantee that a series of issues may not be determined to be material in the aggregate at a future date even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. Our suppliers, vendors, partners, and other third parties with whom we do business also face similar cybersecurity threats, risks, and concerns as those set forth above, which introduces vulnerabilities to our business and operations, including our manufacturing supply chain. Although HPE requires strict cybersecurity and data controls through its contractual agreements with third parties, if these third parties do not have adequate safeguards or their safeguards fail, it may result in breaches of their systems, networks, or applications, potentially leading to breaches of our networks and systems or unauthorized access to or disclosure of our and/or our customers' confidential data, thereby compromising us and our customers. While HPE relies on independent audit reports, in addition to our own security assessments and diligence of third parties with whom we do business as part of our third-party risk management practices, these efforts may not detect or identify all cybersecurity risks or vulnerabilities. We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. The markets that we serve are rapidly evolving and highly competitive and include well-established companies. We also compete with other companies that are developing technologies that compete with our products. Our ability to implement solutions for our customers, anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology (such as cloud-, AI-, networking- and security-related offerings), and develop new service offerings or incorporate technological improvements into our existing offerings that meet our customers’ needs and evolving industry standards, is critical to our competitiveness and success. We encounter aggressive competition from numerous competitors in all areas of our business (which we expect will continue across a wider array of networking offerings due to the Merger), and our competitors have targeted and are expected to continue targeting our key market segments. We compete primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, and the availability of our IT infrastructure offerings. If our products, services, support, and cost structure do not enable us to compete successfully based on any of those criteria, our results of operations and business prospects could be harmed. We have a large portfolio of products and services and must allocate our financial, personnel, and other resources, including R&D efforts, across all of our products and services while competing with companies that have smaller portfolios or specialize in one or more of our product or service lines. As a result, we may invest less in certain areas of our business than our 23 Table of Content competitors do, and our competitors may have greater financial, technical, and marketing resources available to them compared to the resources allocated to our products and services that compete against theirs. We may also spend a proportionately greater amount of our revenues on R&D than some of our competitors. If we do not sufficiently manage our cost structure and R&D priorities while investing in new technologies, successfully adapt to industry developments and changing demand, and evolve and expand our business at sufficient speed and scale to keep pace with the demands of the markets we serve, we may be unable to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and execute on our growth strategy, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Industry consolidation may also affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous, and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we operate. Additionally, our competitors may affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers or suppliers. Companies with whom we have vertical relationships in certain areas may be or become our competitors in other areas. In addition, companies with whom we have vertical relationships also may acquire or form relationships with our competitors, which could reduce their business with us. If we are unable to effectively manage these complicated relationships with vertical partners, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We face aggressive price competition. As a consequence of inflation and higher supply chain and manufacturing costs, from time-to-time we take pricing actions to increase the prices of many of our products and services to maintain or improve our revenue and gross margin. In addition, competitors who have a greater presence in some of the lower-cost markets in which we compete, or who can obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, or more favorable allocations of products and components during periods of limited supply, may be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. As a consequence, and to maintain our competitive position, from time-to-time we take pricing actions to offer heavier than normal discounts or elect not to pass on cost increases to customers on the sale of certain products and services, which has had and could have a negative impact on our financial results. Additionally, we have at times purchased, and may continue to purchase components strategically in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing to lower costs and secure supply for future orders, which have and could in the future negatively affect our margins, especially if we don’t accurately anticipate customer demand. Our results of operations (particularly revenue, margins, and cash flows) and financial condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide pricing pressures and our actions in response thereto. Any failure by us to identify, manage, and complete acquisitions and subsequent integrations (including the integration of Juniper Networks following the Merger), divestitures, and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business, prospects, and stock price. As part of our strategy, we may acquire businesses, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further our business (collectively, “business combination and investment transactions”). Risks associated with business combination and investment transactions include the following, any of which could adversely affect our financial results, including our effective tax rate: Any of these risks could be more significant due to the size and complexity of the business combination and investment transactions. Further, there can be no assurance that we will realize all or any of the anticipated benefits that we expect from any acquisition or other significant transaction (including the Merger) or realize them within the anticipated timeframe. Achieving these benefits will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate such acquired company or asset successfully and efficiently with our existing business and portfolio of offerings. • We may not successfully combine product or service offerings or realize all of the anticipated benefits of any particular business combination and investment transaction, which may result in (1) failure to execute on our business strategy; (2) failure to integrate disparate technological offerings into a coherent portfolio of solutions; (3) failure to coordinate sales and marketing efforts to effectively position our capabilities; (4) failure to retain employees, customers, distributors, suppliers, and other important relationships, or attract new business and operational relationships; and (5) unanticipated delays or failure to meet contractual obligations which may cause financial results to differ from expectations. • We may fail to successfully and efficiently (1) integrate financial forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles; (2) consolidate and integrate corporate, information technology, finance and administrative infrastructures; (3) coordinate and integrate operations, including in countries in which we have not previously operated; (4) integrate employees and related human capital management systems and benefits; or (5) address redundant processes and functions in an adequate manner (thereby impacting our ability to achieve all or any of the anticipated synergies). • Our ability to conduct due diligence with respect to business combination and investment transactions, and our ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence, is dependent upon the veracity and completeness of statements and 24 Table of Content disclosures made or actions taken by third parties or their representatives. We may fail to identify significant issues with the acquired company’s product quality, financial disclosures, workplace culture, accounting practices or internal control deficiencies or all of the factors necessary to estimate reasonably accurate costs, timing and other matters. • In order to complete a business combination and investment transaction, we may (1) issue common stock, potentially creating dilution for our existing stockholders, (2) enter into financing arrangements, which could affect our liquidity and financial condition, or (3) incur early retirement costs, employee benefit costs, charges from the elimination of duplicative facilities and contracts, inventory adjustments, assumed litigation and other liabilities, legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, and required payments to executive officers and key employees under retention plans. • For an acquisition or other combination, the acquisition partner may have differing or inadequate cybersecurity and data protection controls or vulnerabilities, which could expose us to cybersecurity, operational, and financial risk; increase the likelihood of data security incidents; and potentially increase anticipated costs or time to integrate the business. In addition, sophisticated hardware, operating system software, and applications that we integrate from acquired companies may contain defects that could interfere with the operations of our systems. We may also face other risks if acquired companies use technology that is managed outside the scope of our information technology organization, resulting in incomplete coverage by our cybersecurity threat risk management tools. • Business combination and investment transactions may lead to litigation, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. • We have incurred and will incur additional depreciation and amortization expense over the useful lives of certain assets acquired in connection with business combination and investment transactions and, to the extent that the value of goodwill or intangible assets acquired in connection with a business combination and investment transaction becomes impaired, we may be required to incur additional material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. • For a divestiture, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, or we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. • The impact of divestitures on our revenue growth may be larger than projected, as we may experience greater dis-synergies than expected. If we do not satisfy pre-closing conditions and necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, it may prevent us from completing the transaction. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside of our control could affect our future financial results. • Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it difficult or discourage an acquisition of Hewlett Packard Enterprise if our Board of Directors deems it to be undesirable. Provisions such as indemnification, meeting requirements, and blank check stock authorizations could deter or delay hostile takeovers, proxy contests, or changes in control or management of Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Management’s attention or other resources may be diverted during business combination and investment transactions and may be further impacted if we fail to successfully complete or integrate such transactions that further our strategic objectives. In particular, the integration of Juniper Networks has required significant management attention both before and after the completion of the Merger and will continue to require sustained management attention, diverting the attention of management from other areas of our business and operational issues. Furthermore, recent procedural developments in the court’s Tunney Act review of the settlement reached by HPE and the United States Department of Justice in the litigation relating to the Merger may disrupt or delay our ongoing integration efforts and our ability to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits or synergies from the Merger. Such disruptions or delays to the integration may also damage our reputation in the market and result in uncertainty from customers, partners, and other third parties with whom we do business regarding our offerings and go-to-market strategy. See also the risk factors below under the heading “Risks Related to Prior Separations.” Uncertainty and fluctuations in geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our business, financial condition, and operating results depend significantly on general macroeconomic conditions and the demand for our solutions and offerings. Economic weakness or uncertainty has contributed, and may contribute, to customer financial difficulties, thereby constraining customer spending on IT projects or upgrades, including through reduced, postponed, or cancelled orders. Such dynamics have resulted in, and may result in, decreased revenue and earnings. These factors could 25 Table of Content make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results, effectively plan business actions and allocate resources, and manage our contract manufacturer relationships and other expenses and to make decisions about future investments. In addition, economic and/or geopolitical instability or uncertainty resulting from inflationary pressures, recessionary risks, tariffs and other trade restrictions in the U.S. and internationally, trade conflicts, the effects of global health emergencies, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the continuous geopolitical instability in the Middle East, and efforts of governments to stimulate or stabilize the economy have, and may continue to, put pressure on economic conditions, including volatility in global and regional financial markets, which has led and could lead to reduced income or asset values, reduced demand for our offerings, delays or reductions in spending on and implementation of IT investments, and/or higher costs of production which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Such geopolitical and macroeconomic changes can happen rapidly, and we may not be able to react quickly to prevent or limit our losses or exposures. Additionally, any of the above dynamics could result in price concessions in certain markets, with certain customer groups, and/or for certain offerings. These events have at times impacted, and may in the future impact our business in an adverse manner, whether directly or indirectly, such as through their impacts on the financial positions and operations of our customers, suppliers, and other third parties with whom we do business or on whom we rely, and as a consequence, their ability to perform their obligations under their agreements with us. In addition, we may not be able to react quickly enough to prevent or limit our losses or exposures from such geopolitical or macroeconomic events or changes, and any mitigation plans or response we do employ may not mitigate the adverse impacts on our business completely, or at all. Any such failure could have an adverse effect on our reputation, demand for our products, and consequently, our financial condition. If we experience or fail to properly manage disruption in the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. We use a variety of direct and indirect distribution methods that differ by business and region to sell our products and services to end-users around the world. Successfully managing the interaction of our direct and indirect channel efforts to reach our customer segments is a complex process and each distribution method has distinct risks and potential impacts on our financial performance. Failure to implement the most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could adversely affect our revenue and gross margins and therefore our profitability. Our financial results could be adversely affected due to distribution channel conflicts, if the financial conditions of our channel partners were to weaken, if we experience the loss or deterioration of any alliance or distribution arrangement, or if our wholesale distributors are not able to withstand changes in business conditions, including economic weakness, industry consolidation, tariffs, and/or market trends. Considerable trade receivables that are not covered by collateral or credit insurance are outstanding with our distribution channel partners. Revenue from indirect sales could suffer, and we could experience disruptions in distribution, if our distributors’ financial conditions, abilities to borrow funds in the credit markets, or operations weaken. Our inventory management is complex, as we continue to sell a significant mix of products through distributors. We must manage both owned and channel inventory effectively, particularly with respect to sales to distributors, which involves forecasting demand and meeting pricing challenges. Our distributors may adjust orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high, or delay orders in anticipation of new products. They may also adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors and seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. As a result of these considerations, we have experienced, and may in the future again experience, abnormally high inventory levels. When we have excess or obsolete inventory, which we have experienced from time to time, we may have to reduce our prices and/or write down inventory, either of which may adversely impact our gross margin and our results of operations. These dynamics are accentuated for larger orders, including some orders for our AI systems, and particularly so if they are delayed or cancelled. Moreover, our use of indirect distribution channels may limit our willingness or ability to adjust prices quickly and otherwise to respond to pricing changes or tariffs. Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our worldwide operations and supply chain could be disrupted by natural or human-induced events including, but not limited to, earthquakes; tsunamis; floods; hurricanes, cyclones or typhoons; fires; other extreme weather conditions; power or water shortages; telecommunications failures; materials scarcity and price volatility; terrorist acts, civil unrest, conflicts or wars; trade tensions, tariffs, quotas, or import or export restrictions, and changes thereto, which are difficult to accurately predict; and health epidemics or pandemics. The impacts and frequency of any of the above could be further exacerbated by climate change, particularly in countries where we operate that have limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources. While we are predominantly self-insured to mitigate the impact of most catastrophic events, the occurrence of business disruptions could, among other impacts, harm our revenue, profitability, and financial condition; cause derivative impacts on our employees; adversely affect our competitive position; increase our costs and expenses; make it difficult or impossible to provide our offerings to our customers or to receive components from our suppliers; create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain; or 26 Table of Content require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to fully resume operations. To the extent such disruptions adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Long sales and implementation cycles for our offerings and dynamics related to large orders may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. We have experienced, and may continue experiencing, lengthy sales cycles because our customers' decisions to purchase certain of our products, particularly new products, involve a significant commitment of their resources and a lengthy evaluation and product qualification process. Customers design and implement large IT deployments following lengthy procurement processes, which may impact expected future orders. Following a purchase, customers may also deploy our products and offerings slowly and deliberately. Furthermore, larger orders, including some orders for our AI systems, have typically required, and may continue to require, greater commitments of working capital, such as for purchases of key components, which could introduce variability in our quarterly cash flow and results of operations more generally. While we have seen the customer base for our AI systems offerings expand and expect it to continue expanding, our AI solutions have historically been purchased primarily by a small number of larger customers and cloud service providers. Sales of AI systems to such customers have caused, and may continue to cause, fluctuations in our results of operations, as such large orders may occur in some periods and not others and are generally subject to intense competition and pricing pressure, which can have an impact on our margins and results of operations. If we are not successful in continuing to expand sales to a broader base of customers, our financial results may be adversely affected. These sales and similar implementation cycle-related factors, including our expectation that customers may place large orders with the potential for widely varying implementation timelines, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. In some of our businesses, our quarterly sales have periodically reflected a pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter's total sales occurs towards the end of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes predicting revenue, earnings, cash flow from operations, and working capital for each financial period difficult, increases the risk of unanticipated variations in our quarterly results and financial condition, and places pressure on our inventory management and logistics systems. If predicted demand is substantially greater than orders, there may be excess inventory and greater risk of inventory write downs, which we have experienced from time to time. Larger orders, including some orders for our AI systems, may be particularly susceptible to this risk. Alternatively, if orders substantially exceed predicted demand, we may not be able to fulfill all of the orders received in each quarter and such orders may be canceled. As a result of such variations in predicted demand, we have experienced these impacts from time to time and may do so again in the future. Depending on when they occur in a quarter, developments such as a systems failure, component pricing movements, component shortages, or global logistics disruptions, have in the past adversely impacted, and could in the future adversely impact, our inventory levels and results of operations in a manner that is disproportionate to the number of days in the quarter affected. We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our solutions that also have produced, and may in the future produce, variations in our quarterly results and financial condition. Many of the factors that create and affect seasonal trends are beyond our control. Separately, periodic supply chain shortages and constraints have, in some instances, resulted in, and may result in, increases to the costs of production of our hardware products that we have, at times, not been able to, and may, in the future, not be able to pass on to our customers. For a further discussion of such risks, see also the risk factor titled “We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively.” Our ability to achieve our strategy could be harmed if we are unable to attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition key personnel. In order to achieve our growth strategy and capture the market opportunities presented by networking, hybrid cloud, and AI, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition qualified executives and other key employees, including those in managerial, technical, development, sales, marketing, and IT positions. We must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash and equity-based compensation to attract and retain executives and other key employees in a competitive marketplace. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified executives and key employees could be adversely affected if the anticipated value of our equity-based incentive awards does not materialize, if our equity-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, if our total compensation package is not viewed as being 27 Table of Content competitive, or if we do not obtain the stockholder approval required to continue granting equity-based incentive awards in the amounts we believe are necessary. Our failure to successfully hire executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact on our operations and our ability to execute our strategy. Further, changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and any failure to successfully transition and assimilate key new hires or promoted employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations. As competition for highly skilled employees in our industry has grown increasingly intense, we have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, higher than anticipated levels of employee attrition, which has resulted in increased costs to hire new employees with desired skills. In addition, significant or prolonged turnover or revised hiring priorities may negatively impact our operations and our ability to successfully maintain our processes and procedures, including due to the loss of historical, technical, and other expertise. These risks to attracting and retaining highly qualified talent may be exacerbated by labor constraints, such as immigration policies which may impair the ability to recruit technical and professional talent, and inflationary pressures, which impact employee wages and benefits. Further, integration of employees and businesses as a result of our acquisitions, including the Merger, may present additional or unanticipated challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to achieve our future success. In addition, changes to our go-to-market structure may affect employee compensation models and ultimately our ability to retain employees. A number of our team members are foreign nationals who rely on visas and entry permits in order to legally work in the U.S. and other countries. In recent years, the U.S. has increased the level of scrutiny in granting such documentation. Compliance with new and unexpected U.S. immigration and labor laws could also require us to incur additional, and unexpected labor costs and expenses, or could restrain our ability to retain and attract skilled professionals. Any of these restrictions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Risks arising from climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact our business. Climate change serves as a risk multiplier that could increase both the frequency and severity of natural disasters that may affect our worldwide business operations and those of suppliers and customers. Our corporate headquarters is located in Spring, Texas, which suffers from floods, hurricanes, and other extreme weather, and a portion of our research and development activities are located in California, which suffers from drought conditions and catastrophic wildfires, each potentially affecting the health and safety of our employees and our business in these locations. In California, to mitigate wildfire risk, electric utilities have periodically deployed, and may in the future, periodically deploy public safety power shutoffs, which affect electricity reliability to our facilities and our communities. Certain sites located in the United States, Middle East, China, and India experience exposure to extreme heat and water stress, which could potentially strain our operational continuity and also jeopardize the health and well-being of our employees, both of which may consequently impact our operations. Furthermore, our data centers depend on predictable and reliable energy and networking capabilities, the cost or availability of which could be adversely affected or disrupted by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the effects of climate change. Increased energy consumption, including as a result of AI-related growth, climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions, may increase the operational costs related to inputs across our value chain. While we seek to mitigate business risks, through site selection, infrastructure technological investments, business continuity planning, and robust environmental programs, this may require us to incur substantial costs, and we may be unsuccessful in doing so as there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Furthermore, climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance for these negative impacts of natural disasters by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of such natural disasters. The increasing concerns over climate change could also result in transition risks, such as efforts and expenditures related to carbon abatement, shifting customer preferences, or compliance risks from changing regulatory and legal requirements. We continue to observe increased customer demand for more sustainable and energy-efficient solutions, products, and services. While we have been integrating such trends into our business and sales strategies thus far, we may not be able to successfully do so in the future. Further, continually changing customer preferences may cause us to incur additional costs, invest more in R&D, or make other changes to other operations to respond to such demands, which may not be carried out successfully, and if so, could adversely affect our financial results. We may also confront higher electricity prices, and higher costs for supplies or components that comply with certain environmental regulatory thresholds, potentially impacting our margins or the pricing of our offerings. If we fail to manage these and other transition risks in an effective manner, customer demand for our solutions, products, and services could diminish, and our profitability could suffer. Risks Related to Our Technology and Business Operations Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence may result in reputational harm, liability, or impact to our results of operations. 28 Table of Content We believe the proliferation of AI, especially as it relates to our products and solutions that enable AI workloads, has had a significant impact on customer preferences and market dynamics in our industry, and our ability to effectively compete in this space has been and will remain critical to our financial performance. We incorporate AI capabilities into certain product and service offerings and internal operations, and this technology will increasingly become a more significant element of our business and certain of our partners’ businesses. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges and may result in unintended consequences that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business and our overall strategy. We manufacture hardware designed to support AI capabilities, and our research into and continued development of such capabilities and manufacturing processes remain ongoing. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources to use, acquire, build, and support the development of these capabilities and manufacturing processes, and if our AI-related offerings fail to operate as anticipated or as well as competing offerings or otherwise do not meet customer needs or if we are unable to bring AI-related offerings to market as effectively as our competitors, we may fail to recoup our investments in AI, our competitive position may be harmed, and our business and reputation may be adversely impacted. We may also be exposed to these and other risks through the increased use of AI by our manufacturers, suppliers, and other business partners. Reliance on AI by these third parties could introduce operational vulnerabilities, disrupt our supply chain management, increase cybersecurity risks, and impact our relationships with customers, partners, and suppliers. While we review proposed implementations and use cases ahead of deployment, we may not always identify the risks or deficiencies of an AI capability or offering and the market may respond differently than we anticipate, potentially impacting our results of operations. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or others could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals or society. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. If we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience competitive, brand, or reputational harm or legal and/or regulatory action. Additionally, leveraging AI capabilities to potentially improve internal functions and operations presents further risks and challenges. While we aim to use AI ethically and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical or legal issues presented by its use, we may nevertheless be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. The use of AI to support business operations carries inherent risks related to data privacy and security, such as intended, unintended, or inadvertent transmission of proprietary or sensitive information, as well as challenges related to implementing and maintaining AI tools, such as developing and maintaining appropriate datasets for such support. Further, dependence on AI without adequate safeguards to make certain business decisions may introduce additional operational vulnerabilities by impacting our relationships with customers, partners, and suppliers; by producing inaccurate outcomes based on flaws in the underlying data; or other unintended results. Further, incorporating AI gives rise to litigation risk and risk of non-compliance and unknown cost of compliance, as AI is an emerging technology for which the legal and regulatory landscape is not fully developed and which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, creating complex compliance issues (including potential liability for breaching intellectual property or privacy rights or laws or for the misuse of personal data and the lack of effective legal protections for software source code created with the assistance of AI). While new AI initiatives, laws, and regulations are emerging and evolving, including in the U.S. from a statewide and federal perspective as well as globally (such as the EU's Artificial Intelligence Act that became effective in August 2024), what they ultimately will look like remains uncertain. We may not always be able to anticipate how to respond to these legal frameworks, and our obligation to comply with them could entail significant costs, negatively affect our business, or entirely limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our offerings and operations. The resulting impact of such regulations on our customers’ desire for AI capabilities and demand for our offerings more generally could negatively impact our results of operations. Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license, or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws in the United States, similar laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other parties, to establish and maintain intellectual property rights in the products and services we sell, provide, or otherwise use in our operations. However, from time to time our intellectual property rights have been challenged, infringed, or circumvented, and any of such rights could be further challenged, invalidated, infringed, or circumvented or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or to otherwise provide competitive advantages. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use; this, too, could 29 Table of Content adversely affect our ability to sell products or services and our competitive position. Furthermore, changes in intellectual property laws or their interpretation may impact our ability to protect and assert our intellectual property rights, increase costs and uncertainties in the prosecution of patent applications or related enforcement actions, and diminish the value and competitive advantage conferred by our intellectual property assets. Monitoring and detecting any unauthorized access, use or disclosure of our intellectual property is complex, and we cannot be certain to discover such unauthorized use or that the protective measures we have implemented will completely prevent misuse. Our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to litigation risks and uncertainty as to the protection and enforceability of those rights in some countries. If we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights, we may be subject to claims that those rights are invalid or unenforceable, and others may seek counterclaims against us, which could have a negative impact on our business. Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, financial condition, and results of operations. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from our international operations, and we plan to continue our business in international markets. As a result, our business and financial performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and the demand for technology hardware, software, and services in, and continued access to, the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness and uncertainty and the volatile inflationary and geopolitical environment have constrained spending on enterprise infrastructure. This has in the past adversely affected the demand for our products, services, and solutions, which has impacted our financial condition and results of operations. We may experience similarly adverse impacts in the future. These have, at times in the past, resulted in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges (among other financial impacts), and made it more difficult for us to manage inventory and accurately forecast financial performance and/or expenses, and may have such effects again in the future. In addition, economic weakness, tariffs, and geopolitical uncertainty have, at times caused, and could, in the future cause our financial performance to vary materially from our expectations. Turmoil affecting the financial markets or any significant financial services institution failures could negatively impact our treasury operations. Interest and other expenses have varied, and could continue to vary, materially from expectations depending on changes in borrowing costs, currency exchange rates, costs of hedging activities, and the fair value of derivative instruments. It is difficult to predict the impact of such events on us, our third-party partners, our customers, or economic markets more broadly, which have been and will continue to be highly dependent upon the actions of governments and businesses in response to macroeconomic events, and the effectiveness of those actions. Such actions have impacted, and may further impact our ability, desire, or the timing of funding decisions for various investment opportunities. Further, reduced spending by governments and their agencies may limit demand for our products, services, and solutions from such entities, as well as organizations that receive funding from such governments, around the world, and could negatively affect macroeconomic conditions in the countries which we operate, which could further reduce demand for our products, services, and solutions. Our business and financial performance have been adversely affected by changes in U.S. and international trade policies, export controls, and sanctions, U.S. regulations concerning imports, tariffs, and resultant retaliatory countermeasures from other countries, as well as international laws and regulations relating to global trade and access to global markets. As a result, our business has, from time to time, been impacted by forced price increases of materials and higher barriers and costs to import and export certain components and/or our products to and from particular countries, which in turn has resulted in price increases to customers, and consequently has softened demand for our offerings and/or reduced our margins. We may experience all of these impacts in the future, especially in light of the current international tariff environment. While we have been evaluating, and continue to evaluate, supply chain diversification and resilience strategies to mitigate the adverse impacts of such measures, the actions we’ve taken or may take in the future may not be effective or able to be effectuated in a timely manner, or at all. Trade policy remains fluid and has changed rapidly at times. As such, changes in U.S. and international trade policy and any countermeasures, to any existing trade agreements, and to the scope and timing of any such actions and the ultimate impact of these measures are difficult to predict and may adversely affect our operations and financial condition. In addition, changes in requirements relating to making foreign direct investments could increase our cost of doing busin