 . ” for a discussion of additional burdens, risks and regulatory developments that may affect our results of operations and financial condition. Proprietary Rights We hold trademarks relating to the “Henry Schein ® ” name and logo, as well as certain other trademarks. Additionally, certain of our manufacturing businesses hold patents on certain of our products. We believe that we Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 23 have taken necessary steps to protect our proprietary rights, but no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully enforce or protect our rights in the event that they are infringed upon by a third party. Employees and Human Capital At Henry Schein, we have long recognized that as a purpose-driven company, our commitment to creating shared value drives positive societal and environmental impact while supporting long-term business success. Building trusted relationships with the key stakeholders who make up our Mosaic of Success - Team Schein Members (TSMs), customers, suppliers, stockholders, and society, helps drive our Company’s sustained growth, amplifies our collective strengths, and brings to life our vision of making the world healthier, together. Overseen by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors (“Board”) with the Compensation Committee also playing a role in environmental, social, and governance matters related to human capital engagement and executive compensation, some key 2025 highlights related to human capital matters include: • Continuing to compensate employees based on role, experience, and performance, consistent with fair pay practices and competitive outcomes across the workforce; • Expanding our learning journey by educating TSMs on multiple components of our culture and values, creating an understanding of how to sustain a meaningful, inclusive, and learning oriented culture; and • Continuing to drive a connected and caring community for our TSMs by fostering an environment where they can feel a sense of inclusion, belonging, and purpose. At Henry Schein, our employees continue to be one of our greatest assets. We employ more than 25,000 people, with approximately 48% of our workforce based in the United States and approximately 52% based outside of the United States. Approximately 14% of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our relations with our employees are excellent. TSMs are the cornerstone of our Company. We provide a connected and caring community that invests in the career journey of our TSMs and encourages their contribution to our mission of making the world healthier. Our TSM experience strategy is centered around our Team Schein Values under the pillars of Community, Caring, and Career. We know our business success is built on the engagement and commitment of our team, which is dedicated to meeting the needs of their fellow TSMs, our customers, supplier partners, stockholders, and society. We recognize the changes in how and where we work, and that a continued connection to our long-standing values is important for our team members as we evolve our culture. Throughout 2025, we continued listening to our team through our continuous listening program, including The Pulse Global Culture Survey, quarterly Pulse surveys, and TSM roundtables, to garner feedback from our TSMs on their employee experience. We believe that a great employee experience also drives a great customer experience. We want all our TSMs to pursue their ambitions, deliver within our value-driven culture, and enjoy a rewarding career enabled by great people leaders. Our recent listening efforts show that our Team Schein Values and TSM community remain our top strengths, and that overall TSM engagement is driven by a small set of people-centric factors, led by how supported, well, and connected TSMs feel, with communication and culture acting as amplifiers of trust and inclusion. Day-to-day experience varies across teams, particularly during periods of change, shaping how workload, pace, and priorities are experienced. The greatest opportunity lies in strengthening consistency and clarity around direction and expectations, so teams feel better supported as we continue to evolve. The feedback from our listening efforts is shared with our Executive Management Committee and Board, both of whom are committed to addressing identified opportunities. Additionally, in 2025 we conducted our second Corporate Citizenship Barometer to quantify stakeholder perceptions of the Company’s environmental and social priorities, commitments, and impacts. As part of this commitment, some highlights from 2025 included: • Community: Provide opportunities for TSMs to have fun while contributing to an inclusive team that respects and supports one another. • Continued our focus on creating an inclusive environment where TSMs feel a sense of belonging; notably, in 2025 for the fourth time, our top strength identified in The Pulse Global Culture Survey was our Company’s inclusive culture. To deepen our commitment to inclusion across the Company, Global Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 24 Directors and Vice Presidents and U.S. Managers are responsible for attending educational training focused on developing our culture. We continue to expand our learning journey, educating TSMs on key topics that help us develop a culture of inclusion and understanding. • Completed our second year of Henry Schein Games, a global virtual platform that drives community and engagement and offers field-day type in-person events at various global locations that brought TSMs together through friendly competition by earning points for their team by engaging in cultural- related activities and posting photos. • Expanded the number of Connection Days throughout the globe at Henry Schein facilities, which were designed to boost team morale by bringing TSMs together to participate in team building activities at least once per quarter. • Continued focus on our Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”), a vehicle for all TSMs to share, connect, learn, and develop both personally and professionally. Each of our ERGs has a sponsor from our Executive Management Committee and our Board. Our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) engages directly in many of our ERG programs. • Launched Functional Resource Groups (“FRGs”), a vehicle for TSMs to learn, collaborate, and problem-solve – bridging gaps and uniting global TSMs within similar functions across departments, regions, and work models. • Launched MySchein Reels and Community Explorer –pages on our internal intranet that drive awareness of various connection opportunities throughout the Company. • Piloted an enhanced workplace technology tool that offers functionality for collaboration by allowing teams to see when others are working in an office, seamless booking of spaces both at Henry Schein facilities and on-demand spaces, and a Company events calendar. • Certified an additional 100 TSMs through our Culture Ambassador Program, which educates TSMs on our culture and certifies TSMs as mentors to new hires during their first 90 days to ensure new TSMs understand how we live our values day to day, and how they can engage in the Team Schein Culture. • Caring: Build a world we want to live in by supporting each other and the communities in which we live and work. • Continued to offer a variety of opportunities to volunteer to drive purpose and engage in local communities in which TSMs live and work, such as through Carry the Load, the We Care Global Challenge, Back to School, and Holiday Cheer. • Continued to strengthen our strategic partnerships with industry associations, customers, and suppliers that support access to quality health care through various key programs and initiatives (e.g., S.M.I.L.E. Healthcare Pathway Program, Gives Kids A Smile, Cares Package Program, Global Student Outreach Program, and Prepare to Care). • In 2025, we shipped nearly 2,500 Henry Schein CARES packages to over 200 grant recipients. These packages contained donated products enabling health care heroes across the globe to support screening, restorative, and educational events. • Developed the Stan’s Service Award program to honor Stanley M. Bergman’s legacy that aims to celebrate TSMs who embody the philosophy of “doing well by doing good.” This program awards a limited number of cash grants to non-profit organizations globally where TSMs volunteer their time. • Expanded our global and highly rated Steps for Suicide Prevention campaign, which brings TSMs together to walk for a cause and provide education, partnering with the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, Suicide Awareness and Remembrance (for Veterans), and other local organizations. • We also understand the importance of driving a culture of wellness for our own team members through our Mental Wellness Committee, which is supported by our CEO, Executive Management Committee, and Board. In 2025, we launched an “Intrinsic Motivation” campaign to help TSMs understand what drives them at work and how they can get more involved in initiatives that align to that motivator to help TSMs find work that is more meaningful, energizing, and fulfilling. • Career: Provide opportunities for TSMs to develop personally and professionally with an emphasis on embodying our values to achieve our collective goals with excellence and integrity. • Launched The HELIX Network, a leadership development program that cultivates high-performing TSMs to represent Henry Schein with external partners. Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 25 • Implemented globally the Core Leadership Capabilities (CLCs) for all TSMs that highlights the leadership capabilities that all TSMs are expected to demonstrate for career success. The CLCs are a common language and foundational step to developing and refining the tools, processes, and programs which support the evolution of a TSM’s career, including enhancing skills and career development, leading to enhanced career pathing and internal mobility. • Launched Career Explorer, a centralized hub for TSMs to access the tools and resources needed to support their career journey. The hub provides access to the Career & Leadership Opportunities page which markets internal roles and assignments across the company to support internal movement; directs TSMs to the Global Talent & Development page for support in the talent, performance, learning, and assessment space; highlights career stories from fellow TSMs for inspiration; and details our Core Leadership Capabilities, which provide transparency of the leadership capabilities that all TSMs are expected to demonstrate for career success. • Continued investment in our employees by providing both formal and informal learning opportunities focused on growing and enhancing knowledge, skills, and abilities through a broad suite of professional development training programs for current and future roles. In 2025, we continued to add new workshops that enabled TSMs to build the skills they need for today and for the future. • Continued expansion of our Leadership Development programs, inclusive of our formal mentorship and coaching programs. • Continued roll-out of talent planning efforts designed to ensure a strong leadership pipeline across the organization by strategically identifying and developing talent through targeted development opportunities and intentional succession plans. Information derived from talent planning efforts informs curriculum design and content to help focus on the right capabilities and help ensure alignment of career development efforts with the future needs of the organization. Our Board is provided with periodic updates regarding our talent and succession planning efforts and participates in professional development activities with our TSMs. • Enhanced company-wide recognitions, including our Teddy Philson Team Schein Award, which was redesigned in 2023 to provide more visibility and meaningful recognition to TSMs who exemplify our Team Schein Values, as well as other programs including service awards which highlight TSMs who exemplify our Team Schein Values. In 2025, we recognized 16 award winners around the world at our Global Directors and Vice Presidents Management Meeting. Available Information We make available free of charge through our website, www.henryschein.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, statements of beneficial ownership of securities on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments to these reports and statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) and Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Our principal executive offices are located at 135 Duryea Road, Melville, New York 11747, and our telephone number is (631) 843-5500. Unless the context specifically requires otherwise, the terms the “Company,” “Henry Schein,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 26 Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 24, 2026: Name Age Position Stanley M. Bergman 76 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director Andrea Albertini 55 Chief Executive Officer, Global Distribution and Technology Michael S. Ettinger 64 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Mark E. Mlotek 70 Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer Tom Popeck 56 Chief Executive Officer, Henry Schein Products Christine Sheehy 58 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Ronald N. South 64 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Stanley M. Bergman has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1989 and a director since 1982. Mr. Bergman held the position of President from 1989 to 2005. Mr. Bergman held the position of Executive Vice President from 1985 to 1989 and Vice President of Finance and Administration from 1980 to 1985. Mr. Bergman is a South African Chartered Accountant and a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Bergman will retire as Chief Executive Officer on March 1, 2026, following which Mr. Bergman will remain as Chairman of the Board. Andrea Albertini has been Chief Executive Officer, Global Distribution Group and Technology Group since January 2025. In this role, Mr. Albertini is responsible for our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment and our Global Technology segment. Mr. Albertini joined us in 2013 and has held several positions within the organization including Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group, President, International Distribution Group, President of our EMEA Dental Distribution Group, and Vice-President of International Dental Equipment. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Albertini held leadership positions at Cefla Dental Group and Castellini. Michael S. Ettinger has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2022. Prior to his current position, Mr. Ettinger served as Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Chief of Staff and Secretary from 2015 to 2022, Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Secretary from 2013 to 2015, Corporate Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary from 2006 to 2013, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 2000 to 2006, Vice President and Associate General Counsel from 1998 to 2000 and Associate General Counsel from 1994 to 1998. Before joining us, Mr. Ettinger served as a senior associate with Bower & Gardner and as a member of the Tax Department at Arthur Andersen. Mark E. Mlotek has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer since 2012. Mr. Mlotek was a director from 1995 to May 2025. Prior to his current role, Mr. Mlotek was Senior Vice President and subsequently Executive Vice President of the Corporate Business Development Group between 2000 and 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Mlotek was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 1994 to 1999 and became a director in 1995. Prior to joining us, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Proskauer Rose LLP, counsel to us, specializing in mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations and tax law from 1989 to 1994. Tom Popeck has been our Chief Executive Officer, Henry Schein Products Group since January 2025. In this role, Mr. Popeck is responsible for our Global Specialty Products segment. Since joining us in 2019, Mr. Popeck has held several key positions including Chief Executive Officer, Healthcare Specialties Group, and President of our Healthcare Specialties Group. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Popeck held various sales leadership and general management executive positions at Stryker. Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 27 Christine Sheehy has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since November 2024. Ms. Sheehy joined us in 2019 and has held several key positions with increasing responsibility, including Vice President of the Human Resources Business Partner function for our North America Distribution Group, Healthcare Specialties Group, several Global Oral Reconstruction businesses, and our Corporate Functions. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Sheehy held various leadership positions at Standard Chartered Bank and Banco Real. Ronald N. South has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) since 2022. Prior to holding his current position, Mr. South was our Vice President Corporate Finance since 2008, and Chief Accounting Officer from 2013 until 2022. Prior to joining us in 2008 as our Vice President, Corporate Finance, Mr. South held leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb and PepsiCo, and held several roles of increasing responsibility with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where he advised clients located in the United States, Europe, and Latin America. Mr. South is a Certified Public Accountant. Other Executive Management The following table sets forth certain information regarding other Executive Management as of February 24, 2026: Name Age Position R. Steven Boggan 61 Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group, Americas David Kochman 46 Senior Vice President, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer James Mullins 61 Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain Kelly Murphy 45 Senior Vice President and General Counsel Christopher Pendergast 63 Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer R. Steven Boggan has been our Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since July 2025. As CEO of our Global Oral Reconstruction Group, which is part of our Global Specialty Products segment, Mr. Boggan leads commercial operations in the Americas, global marketing, and R&D. Mr. Boggan joined Henry Schein, as the President and CEO of BioHorizons, which we acquired in 2014. Mr. Boggan joined BioHorizons in 1995 and was promoted to President and CEO in 2000. Prior to BioHorizons, Mr. Boggan was employed at Dow Corning Wright and Wright Medical Technology from 1989 until 1995. David Kochman has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer since January 2025. Mr. Kochman joined us in 2015 and has held roles of increasing responsibility, including Vice President, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer, and Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Deputy Chief of Staff, Office of the CEO. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Kochman served as General Counsel and Corporate Development Officer for a privately held company and was previously a Partner at the law firm Reed Smith LLP. James Mullins has been our Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain since 2018. Mr. Mullins joined us in 1988 and has held a number of key positions with increasing responsibility, including Global Chief Customer Service Officer. Kelly Murphy has been our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since 2021. In 2025, in addition to her global legal responsibilities, her role expanded to include leadership of our Regulatory and Compliance functions. Since joining us in 2011, Ms. Murphy has held several key positions of increasing responsibility within the legal function, most recently serving as Deputy General Counsel. Christopher Pendergast has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since 2018. Prior to joining us, Mr. Pendergast was employed by VSP Global from 2008 to 2018, most recently as the Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer. Prior to VSP Global, Mr. Pendergast served in roles of increasing responsibility at Natural Organics, Inc., from 2006 to 2008, IdeaSphere Inc./Twinlab Corporation from 2000 to 2006, IBM Corporation from 1987 to 1994 and 1998 to 2000 and Rohm and Haas from 1994 to 1998. Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 28 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider the risks disclosed in this section to necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. The Company believes that the following risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, operating results, financial condition and/or the trading price of our common stock. The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect their relative importance or priority. COMPANY RISKS We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture/supply of a significant volume of our products and where we manufacture products, we are dependent upon third parties for raw materials/purchased components. We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not have long-term contracts. While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell. In 2025, our top 10 Global Distribution and Value- Added Services suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 24% and 4%, respectively, of our aggregate purchases. Additionally, where we are the manufacturer of products for our speciality business ( e.g. , dental implants, endodontics, and orthopedics), we are dependent upon third parties for raw materials and purchased components. Although no single supplier is material, because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations are subject to the suppliers’ ability and willingness to supply products in the quantities that we require, and the risks include delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions outside of our control, including a supplier’s failure to comply with applicable government requirements (which may result in product recalls, product detentions, and/or cessation of sales) or an interruption in the suppliers’ manufacturing capabilities. In the event of any such interruption in supply, we would need to timely identify and obtain acceptable replacement sources. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at all, and an extended interruption in supply, particularly of a high-sales volume and/or high- margin product, could result in a significant disruption in our sales and operations, as well as damage to our relationships with customers and our reputation. We may be unsuccessful in achieving our strategic growth objectives. Our 2025 – 2027 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan is defined under “Business, Business Strategy” above. In particular, we are focused on continuing to grow our Henry Schein specialty brands and technology and value-added services solutions both organically and inorganically, and to drive greater efficiencies. If we are unable to effectively implement our strategic plan, we may not achieve our desired return on our investments through our growth strategies. Our business could be affected by the Strategic Partnership Agreement with KKR. On January 29, 2025, we announced a strategic investment by funds affiliated with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”), a leading global investment firm, and a Strategic Partnership Agreement (the “Partnership Agreement”) with KKR. Under the Partnership Agreement, two independent directors, Max Lin and William K. “Dan” Daniel, joined our Board of Directors. On May16, 2025, we issued 3,285,151 shares of common stock to funds affiliated with KKR for an investment of $250 million, at approximately $76.10 per share. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, KKR also has the ability to purchase additional shares via open market purchases up to a total equity stake of 14.9% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. On November 4, 2025, the Company and KKR entered into an amendment to the Partnership Agreement that increased the beneficial ownership limit from 14.9% to19.9% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock that KKR is permitted to acquire during the standstill period. The standstill provisions, including the increased ownership limit, continue in effect for a period of six months following the later of the expiration of the term of the Partnership Agreement and the date on which no KKR director appointed pursuant to the Partnership Agreement is serving on the Company’s Board of Directors. On December 7, 2025, pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, KKR notified the Company of its election to exercise the Extension Election (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) whereby the Company’s Board of Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 29 Directors will renominate KKR’s designees, Max Lin and William K. “Dan” Daniel, to stand for election at the Company’s 2026 annual meeting of stockholders for a term expiring at the Company’s 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. The Partnership Agreement may have unintended consequences, such as uncertainty about our management, operations, or future strategic direction, which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively impact our ability to attract and retain qualified talent. KKR also invests in many different types of businesses, and has or may continue to invest in customers, suppliers, joint venture partners, or other entities that have relationships with the Company, or in competitors of such entities, which may create unintended conflicts resulting in a loss of business. Our future growth (especially for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) is dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire and maintain and protect new products and services and utilize new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right to sell) competitive and innovative (particularly for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) products and services and utilize new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) (among other emerging technologies) and to market them and/or utilize them quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and develop or acquire new products, services and technologies at competitive prices requires significant resources, including employees with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly in our Global Technology segment, including dental practice management, patient engagement and demand creation software solutions. The failure to successfully address these challenges could materially disrupt our sales and operations. We have increased and expect to continue to increase our use of AI technologies in various contexts to improve customer and patient experiences and drive efficiencies in certain areas of our business, including, without limitation, making AI features available within our practice management systems, which, among other things, helps dentists and clinical staff detect caries. While these innovations can present benefits to the Company, they also create risks and challenges. The use of AI in healthcare offerings poses certain clinical risks resulting from potential misdiagnosis or misinformation provided from AI applications, diminishing critical judgment, or loss of interpersonal care from clinicians. These deficiencies could undermine the decisions, predictions, or analysis AI applications produce, as well as their adoption, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability (including under new proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the EU or new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws), regulatory actions, and reputational harm. In addition, some AI scenarios, such as using AI applications to generate patient data (including, without limitation, using AI to capture and summarize patient interactions, and voice-activated perio charting), present ethical, privacy, or other social issues, risking reputational harm and/or reduced market demand or acceptance of AI solutions. The safeguards we have designed to promote the ethical implementation of AI may not be sufficient to protect us against negative outcomes. All of these risks are amplified by the critical nature of healthcare decisions and the sensitivity of health-related information, and the occurrence of any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Additionally, if investments in emerging technologies are less successful at attracting and retaining customers than similar investments by our competitors, or if we are otherwise unsuccessful at realizing the benefits of these technological investments generally, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. Additionally, widely accessible generative AI that rapidly surpasses our organizational ability to understand associated risks and opportunities (including employees’ failure to comply with principles, policies and processes governing AI usage) could endanger our intellectual property, lead to misuse or loss of data and cause reputational harm and other fines, penalties or losses. Risks inherent in acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures could offset the anticipated benefits. One of our business strategies has been to expand in part through acquisitions and joint ventures and we expect to continue to make acquisitions and enter into joint ventures in the future. There is risk that one or more may not succeed. We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of revenue growth that we expect from these transactions or that we will avoid unforeseen additional costs, taxes, or expenses. Our ability to successfully implement our acquisition and joint venture strategy depends upon, among other things, the following: • the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at acceptable prices; Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 30 • our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially be prohibited due to U.S. or foreign antitrust regulations; • the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on acceptable terms; • our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or joint ventures; • our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the companies we acquire; and • our ability to successfully integrate these companies’ operations, systems, services, products and personnel with our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory and compliance policies, information technology and cybersecurity systems and policies, internal procedures, working capital management, financial, operational and internal controls and strategies. Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give rise to an obligation to make contingent payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments could have material adverse impacts on our financial results individually or in the aggregate. Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or timely executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in a divested business, such as through transition service agreements, indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations. Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to which we are a party may discourage third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price of their shares. The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote to approve a merger, consolidation, or a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets; and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of our common stock entitled to vote to (a) remove a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our by-laws, with certain limited exceptions. In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide for accelerated vesting of equity awards upon termination without cause within two years following a change in control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate awards upon a change of control. Further, certain agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance payments and certain benefits if those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate for good reason, in each case within two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior to the effective date of the change in control or after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change in control. Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives could negatively affect our business. The terms on which we purchase or sell products from many suppliers may entitle us to receive a rebate or other purchasing incentive based on the attainment of certain growth goals. Suppliers may reduce or eliminate rebates or incentives offered under their programs, or increase the growth goals or other conditions we must meet to earn rebates or incentives to levels that we cannot achieve. Increased competition either from generic or equivalent branded products could result in us failing to earn rebates or incentives that are conditioned upon achievement of growth goals. Additionally, factors outside of our control, such as customer preferences, consolidation of suppliers or supply issues, can have a material impact on our ability to achieve the growth goals established by our suppliers, which may reduce the amount of rebates or incentives we receive. Sales of corporate brand products and products that we manufacture entail additional risks, including the risk that such sales could materially adversely affect our relationships with suppliers. We offer certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively from us. The sale of such corporate brand products and the sale of products that we manufacture subject us to potential product liability risks, mandatory or voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain disruptions and potential intellectual property infringement risks, among other risks. In addition, an increase in the sales of our corporate brand products and our own manufactured products may negatively affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers which, Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 31 consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships. Our ability to locate qualified, economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and effective manner, are critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. In addition, we are exposed to the risk that our competitors or our large customers may introduce their own private label, generic, or low-cost products that compete with our products at lower price points. Such products could capture significant market share or decrease market prices overall, eroding our sales and margins. Any failure to develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Our business could be affected by activist investors. We actively engage in discussions with our stockholders. In other cases, stockholders can engage in certain divisive activist tactics, which can take many forms (including potential proxy contests). Some stockholder activism has resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial costs, such as professional fees, and the diversion of management’s and our Board of Directors’ attention and resources from our business and strategic plans. Additionally, it could cause uncertainty about our management, operations or future strategic direction, which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively impact our ability to attract and retain qualified talent. Activists or other stockholders holding a large portion of our outstanding shares could also exert influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, including the election of directors and the approval of certain extraordinary business transactions. These risks could cause volatility in the trading price of our common stock based on factors other than the fundamentals of our business. INDUSTRY RISKS Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our technology products and services have in the recent past adversely affected our business and results of operations, and could in the future materially adversely affect our business and our results of operations if such products, services, or systems (or third-party systems we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, are subject to cyberattacks or fail for any extended period of time. We rely on information systems (“IS”) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store customer, product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: • maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; • receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; • manage the accurate billing and collections for our customers; • process payments to suppliers; • provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers’ electronic medical or dental records (including protected health information of their patients); and • maintain and manage global human resources, compensation and payroll systems. There could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results if we do not maintain an adequate information and technology infrastructure ( e.g. , hardware, networks, software, people and processes) to effectively protect and support the current and future information requirements of the business. In addition to health information in our customers’ electronic medical and dental records, certain of our IS store other sensitive personal and financial information, such as health care and other information related to our employees and individuals we service, as well as other sensitive information such as credit card information from our third-party business partners, that is confidential, and in many cases subject to privacy laws. Our IS are susceptible to, among other things, natural disasters, power losses, telecommunication failures, cybersecurity threats and other criminal activity. Information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of an overall increase in cyber incidents, their increased sophistication and the involvement of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and foreign state agents. The health care industry has been targeted by threat actors seeking to undermine companies’ cybersecurity defensive measures. Moreover, cyberattacks have become more difficult to detect and respond to. They increasingly exploit AI and machine learning techniques, such as Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 32 generative AI-phishing, deepfake impersonations, automated vulnerability discovery, adaptive malware and large- scale credential-stuffing campaigns. New subsidiaries that we acquire and non-integrated subsidiaries have been, and may continue to be, targets to cyberattacks as we update their defensive measures to meet our standards. We have processes in place intended to ensure that our security measures keep pace with new and emerging risks. We regularly review, monitor and implement multiple layers of security through technology, processes and our people. We utilize security technologies designed to protect and maintain the integrity of our IS and data, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers have been, and may in the future be, vulnerable to privacy and security incidents, cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses and other malicious code, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, attacks or other acts undermining IS of third party business partners including our customers, or other similar events that could impact the security, reliability and availability of our systems. In addition, hardware, software or applications developed internally or procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. As a practical matter, so long as we depend on IS to operate our business, and our business partners do the same, there can be no guaranty that such measures will successfully stop any one particular cybersecurity incident given the constantly evolving nature of the threat. We have incurred, continue to incur, and may in the future incur substantial costs as we update our cybersecurity defense systems and our general computer controls to meet evolving challenges, and legislative or regulatory action related to cybersecurity which may increase our costs to develop or implement new technology products and services. A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our, or our vendors’, IS cybersecurity and/or general information technology (“IT”) controls (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach may lead, and has in the past led, to a disruption of our, or our vendors’, IS business systems (including third-party systems we rely on), interruption of operations (including, without limitation, receiving, verifying and processing customer orders, customer service, accounts payable, warehouse management and shipping and systems tied to internal controls over financial reporting), the loss or alteration of business, financial and other protected information, a negative impact on our financial performance, and to an adverse impact on our financial accounting and reporting controls. A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or general computer controls or those of third parties with whom we engage may also lead to claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental agencies, and involve fines and penalties, as well as substantial defense and settlement expenses. Any of these impacts may alone, or collectively, have a material impact on our business. A successful cyberattack has, and may again in the future, disrupt our business operations, adversely impact our financial accounting and reporting of results of operations, divert the attention of management, and adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, we develop products and provide services to our customers that are technology-based, and a cyberattack that bypasses the IS supporting our products or services causing a security breach and/or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products or services could also cause significant loss of business and reputational harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies. In addition, certain of our practice management products and services purchased by health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, are used to store and manage patient medical or dental records, and when cloud-based approaches are used, we may be responsible for hosting those records. These customers, and in some cases, we are subject to laws and regulations which require that they protect the privacy and security of those records, and our products may be used as part of these customers’ comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable privacy and security laws. In addition to immaterial and unrelated incidents at certain of our subsidiaries, in October 2023 Henry Schein experienced a cybersecurity incident that primarily affected the operations of our North American and European dental and medical distribution businesses. Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue cycle management and patient relationship management solutions business was not affected, and our manufacturing businesses were mostly unaffected. Nevertheless, the October 2023 cybersecurity incident disrupted key business operations, adversely impacted our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023, diverted attention of management, and caused the Company to incur significant remediation costs. The incident had residual impact on our financial results in 2024. We have spent, and plan to expend in the future, additional resources to continue to Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 33 protect against, or to address problems caused by, business interruptions and data security breaches. We also may be perceived as a more vulnerable target of the cyber hackers as a result of the October 2023 incident. The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not be able to compete successfully. We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which could allow them to compete more successfully. Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers tend to have relationships with several distributors. Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular products, which we would then be unable to market. Manufacturers also could increase their efforts to sell directly to end-users and thereby eliminate or reduce our role in distribution. Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition. Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care products, which could have a material adverse effect on our margins and product availability. We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained in some of our contracts. Additionally, traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged by online commerce solutions. The continued advancement of online commerce by third parties and online price transparency requires us to cost- effectively adapt to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate our business (including with additional value-added services) to address changing demands of consumers and our customers. The emergence of such competition and our inability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic and regulatory influences that could materially adversely affect our business. The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences. Uncertainty surrounding possible changes to the health care environment, including changes to regulatory enforcement priorities, may directly or indirectly adversely affect us. In recent years, the health care industry has been undergoing significant changes driven by various efforts to reduce costs, including, among other factors: trends toward managed care; collective purchasing arrangements and consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; and changes in reimbursements to customers, including increased attention to value-based payment arrangements, as well as enforcement activities (and related monetary recoveries) by governmental officials. Both our profitability and that of our customers may be materially adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and devices, and/or medical treatments or services, changes to the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined, or regulating pricing, contracting and discounting practices with respect to medical products and services. It is possible that the adoption of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act could impact eligibility for participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs, resulting in a change in utilization of the health care system. In addition, a number of states are considering and enacting laws or regulations to expand their oversight of health care transactions, which may impact the financial stability and strategic opportunities of certain of our customers. If we are unable to react effectively to these and other changes in the health care industry, our business could be materially adversely affected. The ACA greatly expanded health insurance coverage in the United States and has been the target of legal and political challenges since its adoption. Any outcome of these challenges that changes the ACA could have a significant impact on the U.S. health care industry and the ability or willingness of individuals to engage with it. Expansion of GPOs, DSOs, MSOs or provider networks and the multi-tiered costing structure may place us at a competitive disadvantage. The health care products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing structure, which can vary by manufacturer and/or product. Under this structure, certain institutions can obtain more favorable prices for health care products than we are able to obtain. The multi-tiered costing structure continues to expand as many large integrated health care providers and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, demand more favorable pricing terms. Additionally, the formation of provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs may shift Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 34 purchasing decisions to entities or persons with whom we do not have a historical relationship and may threaten our ability to compete effectively, which could in turn negatively impact our financial results. In addition, such organizations may establish direct relationships with manufacturers, thereby either eliminating or reducing the services historically provided by distributors. Although we are seeking to obtain similar terms from manufacturers to access lower prices demanded by GPO, DSO and MSO contracts or other contracts, and to develop relationships with existing and emerging provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, we cannot guarantee that such terms will be obtained or contracts executed. Increases in shipping costs or service issues with our third-party shippers could harm our business. Our ability to meet our customers’ expedited delivery expectations is an integral component of our business strategy for which our customers rely. Shipping is a significant expense in the operation of our business. We ship almost all of our orders through third-party delivery services, and typically bear the cost of shipment. Accordingly, any significant increase in shipping rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. While we have recently experienced increases in shipping costs, we do not expect these additional expenses to be material to our results now, however they could become material in a future fiscal period. Similarly, strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers, including at transportation centers or shipping ports, could cause our operating expenses to rise and materially adversely affect our ability to deliver products on a timely basis. MACRO-ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions that affect the economy and the economic outlook of the United States, Europe, Asia and other parts of the world could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. These uncertainties, include, among other things, those listed under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Additionally, changes in government, government debt and/or budget crises may lead to reductions in government spending in certain countries, which could reduce overall health care spending and/or lead to higher income or corporate taxes, which could depress spending overall. Recessionary or inflationary conditions and depressed levels of consumer and commercial spending may also cause customers to reduce, modify, delay, or cancel plans to purchase our products and may cause suppliers to reduce their output or change their terms of sale. We have experienced inflationary pressures, including higher freight costs and interest expense, and pressures resulting from the strengthening of the dollar, which have and continue to impact our results of operations. We generally sell products to customers with payment terms. If customers’ cash flow or operating and financial performance deteriorate, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, they may not be able to, or may delay, payment to us. Likewise, for similar reasons suppliers may restrict credit or impose different payment terms. REGULATORY AND LITIGATION RISKS Failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our business. We strive to be compliant with the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below in all material respects, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls in place to ensure substantial compliance. However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future as certain laws, regulations and guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could affect our ability to comply, as well as future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including in light of political changes. Changes with respect to the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below may require us to update or revise our operations, services, marketing practices, and compliance programs and controls, and may impose additional and unforeseen costs on us, pose new or previously immaterial risks to us, or may otherwise have a material adverse Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 35 effect on our business. There can be no assurance that current and future government regulations will not adversely affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory actions, and their impact on the health care industry and on our business and operations. Global efforts to contain health care costs continue to exert pressure on product pricing. In the United States, there has been increased scrutiny on drug pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the President, executive branch agencies and various states. We may be required to report drug pricing data under federal laws and regulations. Several U.S. states have adopted laws, that may apply to some of our operations, that require drug manufacturers, including re-packagers or re-labelers, to provide advance notice of certain price increases and to report information relating to price increases, while others have established prescription drug affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. At the federal level, for example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, among other things, requires drug manufacturers that raise certain of their drug prices faster than the rate of inflation to pay rebates to Medicare, and over time will authorize the federal government to negotiate directly with drug manufacturers to lower the prices of certain brand-name drugs covered by Medicare. These various evolving efforts create uncertainty and may adversely affect our business. Under the Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed information regarding certain financial relationships we have with covered recipients ( e.g. , physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, other health care practitioners) as well as physician ownership or investment interest. We may be required to report information under state transparency laws that address circumstances not covered by the Sunshine Act. We are also subject to similar foreign transparency laws. While we believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls in place satisfying the above laws and requirements, such compliance imposes additional costs on us and the requirements are sometimes unclear. Our business is subject to additional requirements under various local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations applicable to the sale and distribution of, and third-party payment for, pharmaceuticals and medical devices and HCT/P products. Among the federal laws with which we must comply are the Controlled Substances Act, the Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act, the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act, including the Drug Supply Chain Security Act, and Section 361 of the Public Health Services Act. Among other things, such laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder: • regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing, promotion, sampling, pricing, reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning, recalling, reporting, distribution of, disposal, and recordkeeping for drugs, HCT/P products and medical devices, including unique device identifiers; • subject us to inspection by the FDA, OSHA, and DEA and similar state authorities; • regulate the storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials; • require us to advertise and promote our drugs and devices in accordance with FDA regulations; • require us to report average sales price (ASP) to CMS for drugs or biologicals payable under Medicare Part B with or without a Medicaid drug rebate agreement; • require registration with the FDA and the DEA and various state agencies; • require us to design and operate a system to identify and report suspicious orders of controlled substances to the DEA and certain states; • require us to manage returns of products that have been recalled and subject us to inspection of our recall procedures and activities; • impose on us reporting requirements if a pharmaceutical, HCT/P product or medical device causes an adverse event, serious illness, injury or death; • require manufacturers, wholesalers, re-packagers and dispensers of prescription drugs to identify and trace certain prescription drugs as they are distributed; • require the licensing of prescription drug wholesalers and third-party logistics providers; and • mandate compliance with standards for the recordkeeping, storage, handling and documentation of transactions involving prescription drugs and devices and associated reporting requirements. The FDA regulates certain computer software and digital health products intended for use in health care settings, including, for example, AI and machine learning-enabled medical devices and the cybersecurity of medical devices. Certain of our businesses involve the development and sale of software and related products to support physician Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 36 and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA or foreign government authorities could determine that one or more of our products is subject to regulation as a medical device, which could subject our businesses to substantial additional requirements, costs, potential enforcement actions or liabilities for noncompliance with respect to these products. For example, some of our imaging software is regulated as a medical device which subjects our businesses to substantial additional requirements, costs and potential enforcement actions or liabilities for noncompliance with respect to these products. Applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations also may require us to meet various standards relating to, among other things, licensure, registration, program eligibility, procurement, third-party reimbursement, sales and marketing practices, product integrity and supply tracking to product manufacturers, product labeling, personnel, privacy and security of health or other personal information, installation, maintenance and repair of equipment and the importation and exportation of products. The FDA, DEA, OCR, and state privacy regulators, as well as CMS (including with respect to complex Medicare reimbursement requirements applicable to our specialty home medical supplies business) and state Medicaid agencies, have recently increased their regulatory and enforcement activities and, in particular, the DEA has heightened enforcement activities due to the opioid crisis in the United States. The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, or new interpretations of them, or the imposition of any additional laws and regulations, could materially adversely affect our business. The costs to us associated with complying with the various applicable statutes and regulations, as they now exist and as they may be modified, could be material. Allegations by a governmental body that we have not complied with these laws could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable laws and regulations, and have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial compliance, if it is determined that we have not complied with these laws, we are potentially subject to warning letters, substantial civil and criminal penalties, mandatory recall of product, seizure of product and injunction, consent decrees and suspension or limitation of payments to us, product sale and distribution. If we enter into settlement agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, we could be required to make settlement payments or be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines and the loss of licenses. Non-compliance with government requirements could also adversely affect our ability to participate in important federal and state government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and damage our reputation. The EU Medical Device Regulation (“MDR”) may adversely affect our business. The EU MDR significantly modified the regulatory compliance requirements for the medical device industry as a whole. Among other things, as mentioned above, the EU MDR: • strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces surveillance thereafter; • establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, performance and safety of devices placed on the market; • improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through a unique identification number; • sets up a central database (EUDAMED) to provide patients, health care professionals and the public with comprehensive information on devices, importers, and distributors registered in the EU; • strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and • contains specific provisions in the event of interruption or discontinuation of supply of a device. The EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product meets the regulatory requirements, including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the distribution, marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market surveillance. Pursuant to Regulation 2023/607 and subject to certain conditions, medical devices that (i) obtained a certificate under the EU Medical Device Directive from May 25, 2017, (ii) which was still valid on May 26, 2021, and (iii) has not been subsequently withdrawn may continue to be placed on the market or put into service until December 31, 2027 for higher risk devices or December 31, 2028 for medium and lower risk devices. The modifications created by the EU MDR may have an impact on the way we design and manufacture products and the way we conduct our business in the EEA. Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 37 If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care fraud or other laws and regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations, which could materially adversely affect our business. Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations. Some of these laws, referred to as “false claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent claims for reimbursement to federal, state and other health care payers and programs. Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce or reward the referral of a patient or ordering, purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services that are paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs. Certain additional state and federal laws, such as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law (“Stark Law”), prohibit physicians and other health care professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which the physician (or family member) has a financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services (for example, durable medical equipment and medical supplies), unless an exception applies. The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened enforcement activity over the past few years, often as the result of “relators” who serve as whistleblowers by filing complaints in the name of the United States (and if applicable, particular states) under applicable false claims laws, and who may receive up to 30% of total government recoveries. Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be severe, including treble damages and substantial civil penalties under the federal False Claims Act, as well as potential loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state health care programs, criminal penalties, or imposition of a corporate compliance monitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Also, these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations or incur substantial defense and settlement expenses. Even unsuccessful challenges by regulatory authorities or relators could result in reputational harm and the incurring of substantial costs. Most states have adopted similar state false claims acts, and these state laws have their own penalties which may be in addition to federal False Claims Act penalties, and other fraud and abuse laws. The U.S. government and industry trade associations (among others) have expressed concerns about financial relationships between suppliers or manufacturers on the one hand and physicians, dentists and other health care providers, on the other. As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices as necessary to facilitate compliance. Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance matters and the focus on regulators and private litigants among other things on related claims made by companies and funds expose us to numerous risks, including reputational, financial, legal and other risks, that could have an adverse impact on us. California has adopted stringent new climate disclosure requirements, as has the EU. We are subject to Directive (EU) 2022/2464 on corporate sustainability reporting (“CSRD”) which became effective on January 5, 2023. CSRD requires in-scope companies to report sustainability-related information that is material from both a financial risk or opportunity and an environmental or social impact perspective, and the assessment of materiality is inherently subjective. Furthermore, Directive No. 2025/794 of 14 April 2025, the “Omnibus” Directive, amended Directive 2022/2464 by introducing a two-year postponement of the sustainability reporting requirements for financial years beginning on or after 1 st January 2025 and on or after 1 st January 2026. This “Omnibus” legislative package amending the CSRD alters the scope, thresholds, timing and contents of reporting obligations, which may increase our costs. CSRD is being transposed into national law across EU Member States, and further legislative or implementation changes may also increase our costs. We also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, German anti-corruption laws and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal books and records. Our businesses are generally subject to numerous other laws and regulations that could impact our financial results, including, without limitation, securities, antitrust, consumer protection and marketing laws and regulations. Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 38 In the EU, Directive No. 2019/1937 of October 23, 2019, on the protection of persons who report breaches of Union law, organizes the legal protection of whistleblowers. This Directive covers whistleblowers reporting breaches of EU laws and regulations and protects a wide range of people, including former employees. All private companies with 50 or more employees are required to create effective internal reporting channels. All EU Member States have now implemented the Directive. In the EU, both active and passive corruption in the private sector are criminalized. The EU Council Framework Decision 2003/568/JHA of 22 July 2003 on combating corruption in the private sector establishes more detailed rules on the liability of legal persons and deterrent sanctions. However, the liability of legal persons is regulated at a national level. Failure to comply with fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and other laws and regulations, could result in significant civil and criminal penalties and costs, including the loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state health care programs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may determine to enter into settlements, make payments, agree to consent decrees or enter into other arrangements to resolve such matters. Intentional or unintentional failure to comply with settlement agreements or consent decrees could materially adversely affect our business. While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable laws and regulations, and believe we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our services or marketing practices in response to changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage and processing of sensitive personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions, we could be required to make significant changes to our products, or incur substantial fines, penalties, or other liabilities. Our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management products, equipment and our specialty home medical supplies businesses, and our self-funded employee benefits programs include information technology (IT) systems that store and process personal health, clinical, financial, and other sensitive information of individuals. These IT systems may be vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data breaches and malicious attack, which could require us to expend significant resources to eliminate these problems and address related security concerns, and could involve claims against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. We are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information (including health data), such as HIPAA, CAN-SPAM, TCPA, Section 5 of the FTC Act, the CCPA/CPRA and various other privacy laws that have or will soon come into effect. Laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are continually evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations, including those relating to AI. These requirements may not be harmonized, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other rules or our practices. In addition to state-specific data breach notification laws (which exist in all U.S. states and territories), cybersecurity laws such as the federal Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act of 2022, proposed Federal Acquisition Regulations and amendments to SEC reporting requirements may require us to provide notifications about cybersecurity incidents in limited timeframes and before investigations are complete. Our businesses’ failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to breach of contract claims, substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. Evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design our products to reflect these legal requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted the GDPR that has been effective since May 25, 2018, which increased privacy rights for Data Subjects in the European Economic Area (EEA), including individuals who are our customers, suppliers and employees. The GDPR extended the scope of responsibilities for data controllers and data processors, and generally imposes increased requirements and potential penalties on companies, such as us, that are either established in the EU and process personal data of Data Subjects (regardless Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 39 the Data Subject location), or that are not established in the EU but that offer goods or services to Data Subjects in the EU or monitor their behavior in the EU. Noncompliance can result in penalties of up to the greater of EUR 20 million, or 4% of global company revenues (sanction that may be public), and Data Subjects may seek damages. Member states may individually impose additional requirements and penalties regarding certain limited matters (for which the GDPR left some room of flexibility), such as employee personal data. With respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours of a personal data breach where required, data integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal data. The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating notably to information, access, rectification, erasure of the personal data and the right to object to the processing. Despite Brexit, the UK also has data protection laws equivalent to the GDPR and has implemented further data protection related legislation. Switzerland enacted FADP. Data protection authorities located in different EU Member States may interpret GDPR differently, or requirements of national laws may vary between the EU Member States, UK and Switzerland, or guidance on GDPR and related laws and compliance practices may be often updated or otherwise revised. Any of these events will increase the complexity and costs of processing personal data in the European Economic Area, UK or Switzerland or concerning individuals located in these jurisdictions. Effective November 1, 2021, China’s PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information and specifies that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried out outside China but for the purpose of providing products or services to PRC citizens. Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory authorities, other penalties, reputational damage, or legal proceedings against us, which may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5% of the annual revenue of entities that process personal data. Data protection laws in other countries, such as Brazil, are also quickly evolving, with many countries having updated, or are in the process of updating, their laws to bring them more in line with the model created by GDPR. In the United States, the CCPA, effective January 1, 2020, establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours by, among other things, creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data privacy rights for California residents and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for violations of the CCPA, as well as potentially severe statutory damages and a private right of action against businesses that suffer a data 