 and uncertainties
The Company has continued to maintain its framework and processes to identify, assess and manage risks, and monitors the risk
landscape in the light of changes that influence or impact the Company’s performance or the aviation industry. Through its risk
reviews, the Group has been considering further how to assess the combining effect of groups of risks on the business to help
develop mitigations that address risk and opportunity more holistically or identify themes or emerging risks earlier. In assessing its
principal risks, the Company has considered the status of the financial markets, geopolitical and economic risk, including potential
policy change with new governments, pace of transformation, Artificial Intelligence (AI) adoption and future skillsets, people
engagement, and securing talent and expertise to deliver cultural change. The Directors of the Company believe that the risks and
uncertainties described below are the ones that may have the most significant impact on the day to day operations of IAG as a
parent company. These risks are considered by the IAG Management Committee as part of its wider consideration of Group risks
under the IAG Enterprise Risk Management framework. Management remains focused on mitigating risks, where appropriate or
feasible, whilst recognising that such risk events may not be so easily planned for and that mitigations may be more responsive in
nature. The list is not intended to be exhaustive.
Data and cybersecurity
The risks from cyber threats continue as threat actors seek to exploit any weaknesses in defences particularly through social
engineering and human behaviours, with the threat of malware attacks on the Company or its suppliers remaining high and
increasing in the year with heightened geopolitical tensions. The Company could face financial loss, disruption or damage to
brand reputation arising from an attack on the Company’s systems. The emergence and usage of AI to enhance existing tactics,
techniques and procedures (TTPs), produce phishing emails and deploy malware has also accelerated attempts to access
organisations’ systems and data and increases the threat and scale of social engineering or cyberattacks. The Company
continues to improve its cyber security posture either through IT transformational change or additional monitoring through tools as
well as better understanding the risk presented by its suppliers. There is significant oversight of critical systems and suppliers to
ensure that the Company understands the data it holds, that it is secure and regulations are adhered to. The fast-moving nature of
this risk means that the Company will always retain a level of vulnerability.
Economic and political risk
Geopolitical risk and uncertainty remains high and wider macroeconomic events may continue to drive market volatility. Changes
in government may result in a change in sentiment to aviation and access to markets. The Company continues to monitor the
implications for trade and any imposition of extensive tariff regimes may disrupt the markets or economic confidence and drive
cost inflation. The tone of dialogue between the US, Russia, China and the EU and UK which can influence markets and result in
imposition of misaligned policies or tariffs and any potential impact to the Group is also kept under review.
Financial risk, including tax
Access to the secured and unsecured debt markets may be disrupted by geopolitical and economic uncertainty, impacting funding
options and interest rates available to the Group for new aircraft financing or where it chooses to re-finance debt. Any interest rate
increases implemented by central banks increase the cost for the Group of existing floating rate debt, as well as for new financing.
The failure to manage the financial counterparties credit exposure arisen from cash investments and derivatives trading may
result in financial losses. The Company is exposed to non-performance of ﬁnancial contracts by counterparties, for activities such
as money market deposits, fuel and currency hedging. The Group has a financial counterparty credit limit allocation by airline and
by type of exposure and monitors the financial and counterparty risk on an ongoing basis. The Company has maintained its clear
focus on managing liquidity and maintaining strong relationships with banks, lenders and lessors. There is continuous review of
the capital structure to minimise interest rate exposure and lower cost of capital. The Company is exposed to systemic tax risks
arising from either changes to tax legislation and accounting standards or challenges by tax authorities on the interpretation or
application of tax legislation. The Company may be subject to higher levels of taxation as governments seek to redesign the
global tax framework and rebuild public finances. The Group adheres to the tax strategy which is reviewed and approved annually
by the IAG Board. It is committed to complying with all tax laws, to acting with integrity in all tax matters and to working openly
with tax authorities. The Group takes expert advice on tax matters as required.
Group Governance Structure
The aviation industry continues to operate under a range of nationality and other restrictions, some of which are relevant to market
access under applicable bi-lateral and multi-lateral air service agreements, while some are relevant to eligibility for applicable
operating licences. IAG could face a challenge to its ownership and control structure. IAG will continue to monitor regulatory
developments affecting the ownership and control of airlines in the UK and EU and will continue to encourage stakeholders to
normalise ownership of airlines in line with other business sectors.
Operational and IT resilience
The dependency on IT systems for key business and customer processes for operational resilience is increasing and the failure of
a critical system may cause significant disruption. Obsolescence within the Company’s IT estate could result in service outages or
delays in implementation of transformation activities. The Company works to deliver digital and IT change initiatives to enhance
security, stability and availability. System controls, disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements exist to mitigate the
risk of a critical system failure
People and culture



                                                                  3
Our people, their engagement and cultural appetite and mindset for change are critical to achieving our transformation plans. Our
people and leaders are a critical enabler of the Company’s current performance and future success. The Company may fail to
attract, motivate, retain or develop its people with critical skillsets not being in place to execute on the required transformation or
to exploit innovation and AI opportunities and drive the business forward. The Company is also at risk of our people not being
engaged or not displaying the required leadership or cultural behaviours. Enhancing leadership capability, succession planning
and plans for improving organisational health and employee engagement mitigate these risks. The Company is exposed to the
risk of individual employees’ or groups of employees’ inappropriate and/or unethical behaviour. Failure to meet legal or regulatory
standards may result in breach with the potential to hurt or impact our employees, or third parties, and lead to reputational
damage, fines or losses to the Company. There are clear frameworks in place including comprehensive Group-wide policies
designed to ensure compliance, monitored by the IAG Audit and Compliance Committee. There are mandatory training
programmes in place to educate employees in these matters, including training in respect of the IAG Code of Conduct framework.
Compliance, human resources and legal professionals advise the Company as needed
Reputation
As a listed entity in Spain and the UK, and as owner of British Airways, Iberia, IAG Cargo, Vueling, Aer Lingus, IAG Loyalty and
LEVEL, the Company is exposed to reputational risk and consequent impact to the Group’s brands. The Company’s Investor
Relations and Media Relations teams work with stakeholders to understand their concerns or update on specific matters.
The Annual 