" in this Annual Report for additional descriptions of regulatory and legislative risks and uncertainties. Regulation of our Derivatives Business Our regulated derivatives markets and clearing houses are based primarily in the U.S., U.K., EU, Canada, Singapore and Abu Dhabi. • Our U.S. futures exchange, ICE Futures U.S., is subject to extensive regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, under the Commodity Exchange Act, or CEA. The CEA generally requires that futures trading in the U.S. be conducted on a commodity exchange registered as a Designated Contract Market, or DCM. As a registered DCM, ICE Futures U.S. is a self-regulatory organization, or SRO, that has implemented rules and procedures to comply with the core principles applicable to it under the CEA. • In the U.K., ICE Futures Europe is a Recognized Investment Exchange, or RIE, in accordance with the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Like U.S. regulated derivatives markets, RIEs are SROs with surveillance and compliance responsibilities. ICE Futures Europe is also authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, or FCA, for the regulated activity of administering a benchmark and is authorized as a benchmark administrator under the U.K. Benchmarks Regulation, or U.K. BMR. • In the EU, ICE Endex is a regulated market in the Netherlands and its derivative markets are licensed under the Dutch Financial Services Act and supervised by the Dutch Central Bank, or DNB, and the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets, or AFM. • In Singapore, ICE Futures Singapore is an approved exchange supervised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, or MAS. • In Abu Dhabi, ICE Futures Abu Dhabi is an RIE and regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority, or FSRA. • In Canada, ICE NGX is recognized as an exchange and clearing house by the Alberta Securities Commission, or ASC, and is also registered by the CFTC as a Foreign Board of Trade and as a Derivatives Clearing Organization, or DCO. • ICE Clear Credit and ICE Clear U.S. are regulated by the CFTC as DCOs. DCOs are subject to extensive regulation by the CFTC under the CEA. The Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC, has designated ICE Clear Credit as a systemically-important financial market utility under Title VIII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act. As such, ICE Clear Credit has access to the Federal Reserve system. ICE Clear Credit is also regulated by the SEC as a clearing agency because it clears security-based swaps. • ICE Clear Europe, which is primarily regulated in the U.K. by the Bank of England, or BOE, as a Recognized Clearing House, is also subject to regulation by the CFTC as a DCO and by the European Securities and Markets Authority, or ESMA. • In the EU, ICE Clear Netherlands is an authorized CCP and is regulated by DNB, AFM and subject to oversight by ESMA. ICE Clear Netherlands is also recognized by BOE as a third-country CCP. • In Singapore, ICE Clear Singapore is an approved clearing house supervised by the MAS. 15 Regulation of our Securities Business • In our cash equities and options markets, NYSE, NYSE Arca, NYSE American, NYSE National and NYSE Texas are national securities exchanges and, as such, are SROs and subject to oversight by the SEC. Accordingly, our U.S. securities exchanges are regulated by the SEC and, in turn, are the regulators of their members. As national securities exchanges, NYSE, NYSE Arca, NYSE American, NYSE National and NYSE Texas must comply with, and enforce compliance by their members with, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. • We operate a U.S.-based execution-oriented market for the trading of securities that are not exchange-listed (OTC securities) as an ATS by our SEC-registered broker-dealer, Archipelago Trading Services. Archipelago Trading Services is subject to oversight by the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA. Our SEC-registered broker-dealer, Archipelago Securities, LLC, routes to other execution venues and clears trades on behalf of our national securities exchanges and Archipelago Trading Services. Archipelago Securities, LLC is subject to oversight by the SEC and FINRA and is a full clearing member of the National Securities Clearing Corporation and Options Clearing Corporation, or OCC. • Our U.S.-based execution-oriented fixed income markets are operated by our SEC-registered broker-dealers, ICE Bonds Securities Corporation, or ICE Bonds, which operates two SEC registered ATSs, ICE BondPoint, and ICE TMC. ICE Bonds is subject to oversight by the SEC and is a member of FINRA and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, or MSRB. ICE Bonds is authorized to provide electronic trading services in Canada and Switzerland. ICE Securities Execution & Clearing, LLC, a full clearing member of the National Securities Clearing Corporation, the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation and The Depository Trust Corporation, provides correspondent clearing for ICE Bonds, Creditex Brokerage, L.L.P. and ICE Markets Limited and is subject to oversight by the SEC, FINRA and the MSRB. • Our U.K.-based execution-oriented fixed income market is operated by Creditex Brokerage, L.L.P., which is an operator of a multilateral trading facility, or MTF, and ICE Markets Limited, which acts as the matched principal counterparty to bond transactions arranged on the MTF operated by Creditex Brokerage. Both Creditex Brokerage and ICE Markets Limited are regulated and authorized by the FCA. Creditex Brokerage is authorized to provide automated trading services in Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland and is subject to regulatory oversight by national competent authorities in each jurisdiction. • Our Netherlands-based investment firm, ICE Securities Netherlands B.V., operates an order messaging system for the creation and redemption of exchange traded products, or ETPs, in the primary market and is regulated by the AFM and DNB. ICE Securities Netherlands also holds an Australian Market License permitting it to provide its order messaging system for ETPs into Australia. Regulation of our Custody Business We have a digital asset custody business operated by our subsidiary, ICE Digital Trust, a New York State chartered Limited Purpose Trust Company under the supervision of the New York State Department of Financial Services, or NYDFS, which provides custody services for digital assets, including Bitcoin, Ethereum and USD Coin. ICE Digital Trust is subject to regulation under New York State banking laws, including NYDFS Virtual Currency Regulation, NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation, NYDFS Anti-Money Laundering rules, and the Banking Division Transaction Monitoring and Filtering Program. Regulation of our Data Business We have a U.S. subsidiary, ICE Data Pricing & Reference, LLC, that is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or the Investment Advisers Act, for its evaluated pricing and other advisory services. The Investment Advisers Act imposes numerous regulatory obligations on registered investment advisers, including those relating to the management and distribution of products and services, record-keeping, compliance oversight, operational and marketing requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities. Investment advisers also are subject to certain state securities laws and regulations. ICE Data Services (Australia) Pty. Ltd. provides financial services in Australia and is licensed by the Australian Securities and Investment Commission, or ASIC. ICE Data Desktop Solutions (Europe) Limited provides certain financial services throughout Europe and is regulated by the FCA. Regulation of our Index Business We have an index business, ICE Data Indices, LLC, or ICE Data Indices, which includes equity, fixed income, commodity, volatility, mortgage, sustainability, foreign exchange and credit-sensitive indices. ICE Data Indices applies the International Organization of Securities Commissions, or IOSCO, Principles for Financial Benchmarks to its indices. ICE Data Indices is recognized as a third-country benchmark administrator by the FCA under the U.K. BMR and has applied to ESMA for recognition as a third-country benchmark administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or EU BMR. In addition, 16 ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or IBA, applies the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks to its regulated benchmarks and is authorized and regulated by the FCA for the regulated activity of administering a benchmark and is authorized as a benchmark administrator under the U.K. BMR. IBA has also applied to ESMA for recognition as a third-country benchmark administrator under EU BMR. Regulation of our Mortgage Business We have a mortgage technology business, ICE Mortgage Technology, that provides software, data, and electronic data processing to financial institutions and other stakeholders throughout the U.S. residential mortgage industry. ICE Mortgage Technology is subject to supervision and examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, or FFIEC, and its member agencies because ICE Mortgage Technology is a third-party technology service provider to financial institutions directly regulated by the FFIEC's member agencies. In addition, our Mortgage Technology business provides loan origination and servicing technology to mortgage lenders and servicers and processes consumer financial information on behalf of our customers. As a result, ICE Mortgage Technology is subject to a variety of U.S. state and federal regulations governing the protection of consumer financial information, including federal consumer financial laws implemented and enforced by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB. ICE Mortgage Technology is designated as an operator of "critical infrastructure" by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Department of Treasury. Regulatory Changes Domestic and foreign policy makers continue to review their legal frameworks governing financial markets, and periodically change the laws and regulations that apply to our business and to our customers’ businesses. Our key areas of focus on these evolving efforts are: • Increased Bank Capital Requirements. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, or the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation proposed to implement various Basel Committee standards which would increase U.S. bank capital requirements (Basel III Endgame). The Basel III Endgame would apply credit valuation adjustment risk capital requirements to bank-affiliated clearing members' exposures to their clearing clients. The Federal Reserve also proposed to revise the risk-based capital surcharge for global systemically important bank holding companies to include bank-affiliated clearing members' exposures to their clearing clients in additional aspects of the surcharge calculation. Both proposals would increase capital requirements for client clearing activities, which could increase costs for clearing services, decrease clearing members' clearing capacity, and result in a reduction of cleared volumes at our clearing houses. The Basel III Endgame proposal could also discourage participation in mortgage lending and servicing, resulting in a reduction of mortgage volumes at ICE Mortgage Technology, negatively impact U.S. capital markets, end users' ability to hedge and raise financing through public markets and degrade liquidity. The Basel III Endgame received significant industry feedback, and in September 2025, Michelle Bowman, Vice Chair for Supervision at the Federal Reserve, indicated that a re-proposal is expected to be released in early 2026. However, the final timing and contents of the revised proposal remain uncertain. • EMIR 3.0. In October 2025, the EU Commission adopted a Delegated Act for the Active Account Requirement, or AAR, under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, or EMIR, known as EMIR 3.0. The AAR mandates EU market participants to establish accounts for euro-denominated short-term interest rate derivatives at an EU central counterparty and clear a certain number of trades in an EU account. In 2025, ICE Clear Netherlands was authorized to clear euro-denominated short-term interest rate derivatives traded at ICE Futures Europe and thus allows market participants in scope for the AAR to satisfy their obligations. Nevertheless, the Active Account Requirement could result in a reduced volume of trading and clearing of euro-denominated short-term interest rate derivatives at ICE Futures Europe and ICE Clear Europe. • Policy intervention to address high energy prices . Various legislative proposals in the EU have been adopted to address high energy prices and impact ICE Endex, the primary European exchange for the benchmark European gas contract, and ICE Clear Europe, which clears ICE Endex contracts. These policy interventions include a temporary price cap on certain Dutch Title Transfer Facility, or TTF, derivatives traded on ICE Endex, which expired on January 31, 2025. In addition, in December 2022, a coalition of G7 and other nations set the price of certain Russian crude oil at or below $60 a barrel, which remains in place and impacts the services we offer to clients. In June 2025, the EU Commission established a Gas Market Task Force to review EU natural gas markets and issue recommendations including potential legislative or regulatory changes. • Recognition of our Businesses in Foreign Jurisdictions and Continued Access by Market Participants . In January 2025, the European Commission adopted a new equivalence decision that allows continued access by EU firms to clear trades at U.K. central counterparties until June 30, 2028. Subsequently, in March 2025, ESMA 17 extended the tiering determination and recognition decisions for ICE Clear Europe until June 30, 2028, which allows continued access for EU firms to clear trades at ICE Clear Europe. • Regulation of ESG data and ratings. Many jurisdictions have adopted or are proposing or considering proposals to regulate environmental, social or governance, or ESG, data providers, as well as ESG ratings. In December 2024, the EU Regulation on ESG Ratings Providers was published in the Official Journal of the EU. The regulation introduces a regulatory regime for ESG rating providers operating in the EU and will take effect in July 2026. Certain ICE Data Service offerings are in scope and will be required to become authorized and supervised by ESMA. In October 2025, the U.K. government published updated draft legislation that would bring ESG data providers under regulation starting in June 2028. In December 2025, the FCA issued a consultation on establishing a framework for issuing ESG ratings and, under this proposal, any company providing certain ESG ratings would be required to register with the FCA beginning in January 2028. If adopted, certain ICE Data Service offerings could be subject to increased regulation and oversight by the FCA. • Equity Market Structure Rules. In September 2024, the SEC adopted new rules regarding equity market structure which changed the minimum pricing increments, or tick sizes, for the quoting of certain stocks to allow these stocks to be priced with tighter spreads and reduced current fee caps exchanges can charge market participants for access to protected quotations. The compliance date for these rules is November 2026. These rules, or others that the SEC may propose, could affect market and competitive dynamics for venues that facilitate trading of equity securities. • EU Deforestation Regulation. In December 2025, the European Parliament and Council agreed to postpone the effective date of the EU Deforestation Regulation, or EUDR, for large companies to December 30, 2026, and to June 30, 2027, for small entities. EUDR requires that certain commodities (including cocoa and coffee) and their products be from deforestation-free land and meet other requirements before they can be placed or made available on the EU market, or exported from it. The EUDR requirements may decelerate the physical trade of cocoa and coffee, impact the usability of EU coffee and cocoa physical inventories, and reduce trading volumes on ICE Futures Europe of the Robusta Coffee Contract and London Cocoa Contract and on ICE Futures U.S. of the Coffee C Contract (Arabica). • EU Market Infrastructure Reform. In December 2025, the European Commission published a proposal to centralize supervision of certain financial entities under ESMA. If enacted, the proposal could change the supervisory structure for ICE Endex and ICE Clear Netherlands. • Bank of England CCP Reforms. In July 2025, the BOE published a consultation on the U.K.'s regulatory framework for CCPs which included proposals to increase CCP default fund contributions and to increase governance and operational requirements. Many of the proposed changes exceed those required by other global CCP regulatory regimes and, if enacted as drafted, could increase the cost of operating a CCP and affect the competitive position of U.K. CCPs. We are monitoring the proposal and any impact on ICE Clear Europe. • U.K. Benchmark Regulation. In December 2025, HM Treasury launched a consultation proposing to repeal and replace the U.K. BMR with a new framework that narrows regulatory oversight to only those benchmarks and administrators that could pose systemic risks to U.K. markets. See the discussion below and Item 1(A) “- Risk Factors” in this Annual Report for additional description of regulatory and legislative risks and uncertainties. Available Information Our principal executive offices are located at 5660 New Northside Drive, 3rd Floor, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. Our main telephone number is 1-770-857-4700, and our website is www.ice.com . We are required to file reports and other information with the SEC. A copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as any future Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports are available free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. A copy of these filings is also available at the SEC’s website ( www.sec.gov ). From time to time, we may use our website and/or social media, including X, formerly known as Twitter, as distribution channels of material information. The website to access our X account is https://x.com/ICE_Markets. References in this Annual Report to our website address, to the SEC’s website address and to our social media, including our account on X, do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the website and should not be considered part of this Annual Report. 18 In addition, we have posted on our website the charters for our (i) Audit Committee, (ii) Compensation Committee, (iii) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and (iv) Risk Committee, as well as our Global Code of Business Conduct, which includes information regarding our whistleblower hotline information, Board of Directors Governance Guidelines and Board Communication Policy. We will provide a copy of these documents without charge to stockholders upon request. ITEM 1(A). RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe could materially adversely affect us. Other risks and uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material, or of which we are not presently aware, may become important factors that affect us in the future. If any of the risks discussed below actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Accordingly, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. SUMMARY The following summarizes some of the key risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect us. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Business and Industry • Global economic, political and financial market events or conditions have at times in the past negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our business. • Our business is subject to the impact of interest rate and inflation levels and volatility and financial markets volatility, which are caused by conditions that are beyond our control. • Our role in the global financial system positions us at a greater risk for cyberattacks, cyberterrorism and other cybersecurity risks. • We may be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies. • Systems failures in the derivatives and securities trading industry and mortgage technology industry have in the past negatively impacted us, and could in the future negatively impact us. • Owning clearing houses exposes us to risks, including risks related to defaults by clearing members, risks related to investing margin and guaranty funds and the cost of operating the clearing houses. • If the value of collateral held as margin or guaranty fund contributions by our clearing houses declines or a collateral issuer defaults, clearing members may be at risk of defaulting, which could adversely impact our clearing houses. • Owning and operating cash equity and options exchanges exposes us to risks, including the regulatory responsibilities to which these businesses are subject. • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. • We may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively. • We may not be successful in offering new products or technologies or in identifying opportunities. • Climate-related risks pose operational, commercial, reputational, regulatory and financial risks. • We face reputational, regulatory and financial risks related to our ability to respond to diverse stakeholder expectations and requirements on sustainability-related topics, including in connection with a transition to clean and renewable energy. • We have in the past been, and may in the future be, required to recognize impairments of our goodwill, other intangible assets or investments. • Our ownership of a digital currency custody business may introduce additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model. • Pandemics and other public health emergencies could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 19 Legal and Regulatory • Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of changes to our regulatory environment and business in the future. • Our compliance and risk management methods, as well as our fulfillment of our regulatory obligations, may not be effective, which could lead to enforcement actions by our regulators or other legal proceedings. • Regulatory developments or court rulings may have an adverse impact on our ability to derive revenue from market and mortgage data and technology and connectivity fees. • Ongoing impacts and uncertainty following the U.K.'s exit from the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Risks relating to the administration of benchmarks and indices, and changes to, cessations of, and the replacement of, or transition from, benchmarks and indices may result in legal risks and could adversely affect our business. • We may face liability for content contained in our data products and services. • We are subject to significant litigation and liability risks, including enforcement actions by our regulators. Operational and Liquidity • Our systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks, hacking and other cybersecurity risks, which could result in wrongful manipulation, disclosure, destruction, or use of our information or that of a third party, or which could make our customers unable or reluctant to use our electronic platforms or other products and services. • Our business has in the past been, and may in the future be, harmed by computer and communication systems failures and delays. • An interruption or cessation of an important service, data or content supplied by any third party, or the loss of an exclusive license, could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Our emerging technology initiatives under development and the use of artificial intelligence in certain of our existing products may be unsuccessful and may give rise to various risks, which could adversely affect our business, reputation or operating results. • Our success largely depends on key personnel, including our senior management, and having adequate succession plans in place. We may not be able to attract, retain and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our business, which could harm our business. • We currently have a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition and operations and restrict our activities or our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. Competition and Reputational Harm • We face intense competition, and if we fail to keep up with rapid changes in technology and client preferences, it could negatively impact our competitive position. • Damage to our reputation could damage our business. Mergers & Acquisitions and Common Stock • We may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities and synergies and other benefits anticipated from our past or future acquisitions and strategic investments, which could adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. • We are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments. • Provisions of our organizational documents and Delaware law may delay or deter a change of control of ICE. Intellectual Property • Our use of "open source" software could negatively impact our ability to sell our products and services and subject us to litigation. • A failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, could adversely affect our business. 20 BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Global economic, political and financial market events or conditions have at times in the past negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our business. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including recessions, inflated asset prices, inflation, supply chain issues, labor shortages, government shutdowns, currency fluctuations, interest rate changes, increased mortgage foreclosure volume, decreased mortgage origination or servicing volume, geopolitical events or conflicts, political uncertainty and discord, international trade disputes and sanction laws, including changes to international trade policies and tariffs or other protectionist measures, actual or anticipated large-scale defaults or failures or slowdown of global trade and travel have in the past negatively impacted consumer and corporate confidence and resulted in reductions in consumer, government and corporate spending, and could have such effects in the future, and in turn impact our business. If our customers reduce spending, workforce, mortgage origination, mortgage servicing activity or trading activity, or if there is reduced demand for financial and property data as a result of adverse macroeconomic conditions, our revenues could decline. During 2025, macroeconomic conditions, including changes in the interest rate environment, inflation, and increased market volatility, as well as changes in government policies implemented by new political administrations in the United States and in many other non-U.S. jurisdictions abroad, alongside other geopolitical events, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and the events in Venezuela, and the imposition of sanctions and tariffs, contributed to continued economic and political uncertainty and volatility in global markets. Those factors resulted in a dynamic operating environment and impacted our operations and results. We expect that these impacts may continue in 2026. Moderately higher inflation levels returned in 2025, closely aligned with the imposition of tariffs. In 2025, many of the new political administrations, such as new governments in the U.S. and U.K., adopted domestic growth agendas and implemented new policies aimed at addressing escalating costs of living. Continued inflation resulted in central banks across multiple jurisdictions exercising caution in implementing interest rate reductions. For example, U.S. interest rates were held steady during the first half of the year, with only modest reductions in the second half. In 2026, if inflation and the cost of living continue to increase, central banks may continue to be hesitant to reduce interest rates, which could continue having an adverse effect on revenues for certain portions of our business. Beginning in 2022, the Russia-Ukraine conflict has been a catalyst for an energy crisis in Europe. Government interventions related to the energy crisis resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict, such as the Market Correction Mechanism (price cap), sanctions, or interventions that may be proposed in the future related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict or the conflict in the Middle East have had and could in the future have a negative impact on our business. See Item 1 “- Business - Regulation” above for additional information on various legislative proposals in the EU to address high energy prices. In addition, U.S. trade and diplomatic tensions, including trade disputes and tariffs as well as U.S. government policies toward China and Chinese government policies toward the U.S., are likely to impact our existing business and future opportunities. For example, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or HFCAA, requires the SEC to suspend trading in the U.S. of any company whose accounting firm the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, is unable to inspect or investigate for three consecutive years. In November 2023, following inspections of audit firms for the Chinese and Hong Kong issuers the SEC had previously identified as using non-inspected audit firms, the PCAOB announced settlements related to these inspections, which could lead to fewer Chinese companies listing in the U.S. Moreover, there remains the risk that the SEC may suspend trading of NYSE-listed companies under the HFCAA, which would require us to suspend trading for those companies to comply with U.S. government policies, which could impact our business. Other political developments, including changes in China-Taiwan relations, trade disputes and tariffs on countries such as Canada or Mexico, may also impact our business and future opportunities. The market and mortgage data subscriptions and trading volumes in our markets could decline substantially if our market participants reduce their level of spending or trading activity for any reason, including: • adverse market conditions that curtail the addition of new customers or cause a decrease in purchases by our existing customers for our subscription-based products and services; • weakness in the macroeconomic environment that causes our customers to delay or cancel existing orders or subscriptions; • cost-cutting pressures across the industry or a decrease in demand for our subscription-based products and services that lead to a reduction in price; • consolidation in our markets or the markets of our customers that results in a reduction in the number of market participants; 21 • a reduction in trading demand by customers or a decision to curtail or cease hedging or speculative trading; • regulatory or legislative changes impacting our business, our customers and financial markets; • political uncertainty and discord could negatively impact us if we are viewed as taking a political stance that is contrary to our customers’ beliefs or principles; • the impact of climate-related risks and the impact of, and uncertainty related to, the transition to renewable energy and away from fossil fuels, including regulatory or legislative changes; • a prolonged decrease in volatility in the financial markets; • heightened capital and margin requirements or mandated reductions in leverage resulting from new regulations; • defaults by clearing or exchange members or the inability of participants to pay out contractual obligations; • changes to our contract specifications that are not viewed favorably by our market participants; or • reduced access to, or availability of, capital required to fund trading activities. A reduction in our overall trading volume could render our markets less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, which could result in further loss of trading volume and associated transaction-based revenues. A reduction in trading volumes could also result in a corresponding decrease in demand for our market data, which would further reduce our overall revenue. Further, NYSE’s revenue increases when more companies are seeking access to public markets, and on the NYSE specifically. Reduced demand for initial public offerings, or IPOs, as compared to historical levels, an increase in the number of delistings, or issuers choosing to list on venues other than the NYSE, have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our revenues. In addition, adverse conditions in the residential mortgage lending industry, including a substantial or prolonged decline in mortgage lending volume or an increase in mortgage foreclosure volume, have in the past increased our costs or had an adverse effect on our revenues, and may continue to do so in the future. For example, beginning in early 2022, in line with the Federal Reserve raising rates numerous times as part of its anti-inflation strategy, mortgage lending volume decreased substantially. Although this trend has stalled or partially reversed at times in 2023, 2024 and 2025, it could continue in the future, meaning we could see a further decline in mortgage origination volumes. This decrease in lending volume has adversely affected our revenues, in particular those of a transactional nature which are directly connected to the number of loans processed using our technology. Factors that are currently adversely impacting mortgage lending volumes include elevated mortgage interest rates, as well as housing affordability and availability. Additional factors that could now or in the future adversely impact mortgage lending volumes include persistent or increasing housing affordability concerns, reduced consumer and investor demand for mortgages, more stringent underwriting guidelines, decreased liquidity in the secondary mortgage market, high levels of unemployment, high levels of consumer debt, lower consumer confidence, changes in tax and other regulatory policies, the number of existing mortgages eligible for refinancing, and other macroeconomic factors. Although certain of our mortgage technology products, in particular those supporting default management, may see higher demand during times of rising mortgage foreclosure volume, this increase in demand may be outweighed by the impacts of reduced mortgage lending volume and in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. A reduction in mortgage volume could also result in a corresponding decrease in demand for mortgage data products, which would further reduce our revenues. Our business is subject to the impact of interest rate and inflation levels and volatility and financial markets volatility, which are caused by conditions that are beyond our control. Trading volume in our markets and products is largely driven by the degree of volatility - the magnitude and frequency of fluctuations - in prices and levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, financial benchmarks or other instruments. Volatility increases the need to hedge price risk and creates opportunities for investment and speculative or arbitrage trading. Were there to be a sustained period of stability in the prices or levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, benchmarks or other instruments of our products, we could experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or declines in revenues. In addition, interest rates are a significant factor influencing mortgage loan production volumes and loan foreclosures, as discussed above. Rising or high interest rates generally reduce mortgage loan production volumes and increase loan foreclosures, which has in the past impacted, and could in the future impact, our transaction-based revenues. 22 Increases in inflation in recent years have impacted the credit health of some market participants and increased the risk of default. An inflationary or volatile environment generally reduces consumer optimism and contributes to affordability challenges, resulting in lower demand for mortgage loans. Inflation increased moderately in 2025 and has remained volatile in recent years. Central Banks were hesitant to reduce interest rates, resulting in only moderate interest rate reductions. Higher inflation levels and corresponding periods of prolonged high interest rates could adversely affect our business, including by further increasing the cost of capital, resulting in a slowdown of the growth of early-stage companies, causing companies to stay private longer and potentially creating compliance risk for companies already in the public markets. Factors that are particularly likely to affect price and interest rate levels and volatility, and thus trading and mortgage loan production volumes, include: • global economic and market conditions; • global political conditions; and • concerns over recession, inflated asset prices, inflation, deflation, legislative, regulatory and governmental policy changes, government fiscal and monetary policy, including actions by the Federal Reserve and other foreign monetary units governing bodies, developments related to the U.S. federal debt ceiling, including the possibility of additional government shutdowns, risk of default by the U.S. government on its debt obligations or related credit rating downgrades, and investor and consumer confidence levels. Additional factors that are particularly likely to affect trading volumes include: • weather conditions including hurricanes and other significant events, natural and unnatural disasters like large oil spills that impact the production of commodities and, in the case of energy commodities, production, refining and distribution facilities for oil and natural gas; • war, acts of terrorism and any unforeseen market closures or disruptions in trading; • political developments impacting international trade, including trade disputes and increased tariffs, particularly between the U.S. and China, Canada or Mexico and imposition of protectionist measures; • real and perceived changes in the supply and demand of commodities underlying our products, particularly energy and agricultural products, including changes as a result of technological improvements or the development of alternative energy sources; and • credit quality of market participants, the availability of capital and the levels of assets under management. Any one or more of these or other factors, which are beyond our control, may reduce volumes and trading activity. Further, lower market volatility could also result in more exchanges, including decentralized or over-the-counter markets, competing for trading volumes to maintain their growth. If any of these unfavorable conditions were to persist over a lengthy period of time and trading volumes were to decline substantially and for a long enough period, the critical mass of transaction volume necessary to support viable markets could be jeopardized. Because our cost structure is largely fixed, if demand for our current products and services declines for any reason, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure to counteract the associated decline in revenues, which would cause our net income to decline. Our role in the global financial system positions us at a greater risk for cyberattacks, cyberterrorism and other cybersecurity risks. The cybersecurity threat landscape remains a macro concern for most organizations, and particularly those associated with the U.S. financial infrastructure. We may be more likely than other companies to be a target of cyberattacks and other cybersecurity risks due to our role in the global financial ecosystem and the high-profile nature of many of our businesses that deliver critical services to a broad range of financial market participants. In addition, in recent years, cyberattacks have become more frequent and increasingly sophisticated as malicious actors seek to deploy artificial intelligence, quantum computing or other emerging technologies in their efforts. For a discussion of our cyber risks, see "—Item 1- "Business—Cybersecurity". Our systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks, hacking and other cybersecurity risks, which could result in wrongful manipulation, disclosure, destruction, or use of our information or that of a third party, or which could make our customers unable or reluctant to use our electronic platforms or other products and services. It is impossible to precisely predict the likelihood or impact of any cyberattack on the securities industry generally, or on our business. In the event of a cyberattack or a threat of a cyberattack, our procedures may not be effective in immediately detecting and responding to such threats and, upon doing so, our security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary 23 to maintain our business. In addition, our insurance may be insufficient to cover in full the liabilities or losses that we may incur in the event of a successful cyberattack. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We may be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies. Given our prominence in the global financial industry and the location of many of our properties and personnel in U.S., U.K. and European financial centers, including Manhattan, and our presence in India, Abu Dhabi and Israel, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations, or other extremist organizations or individuals that employ threatening or harassing means to achieve their social or political objectives. Damage to our business or facilities due to such attacks may be significantly in excess of insurance coverage, and we may not be able to insure against some damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. In addition, terrorist attacks may cause instability or decreased trading in the markets we operate, including trading on our securities exchanges. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Systems failures in the derivatives and securities trading industry and mortgage technology industry have in the past negatively impacted us, and could in the future negatively impact us. High-profile system failures in the derivatives and securities trading industry and mortgage technology industry, including due to cybersecurity disruptions and attacks, have in the past, and could in the future, negatively impact our business and result in a loss of confidence in our technology and our markets, regulatory investigations, fines and penalties and business activity slowdown or interruptions. Further, regulators have imposed requirements for trading platforms that have been costly for us to implement and could result in a decrease in demand for some of our services. In particular, the SEC’s Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity, or Regulation SCI, and the CFTC’s system safeguards regulations subject portions of our securities and derivatives trading platforms and other technological systems related to our clearing houses, trade repositories and the U.S. swap execution facility, or SEF, to extensive regulation and oversight. Ensuring our compliance with the requirements of Regulation SCI and the CFTC’s system safeguards regulations requires significant ongoing administrative and compliance expenses and burdens. The SEC’s expansion of the obligations under Regulation SCI, including to the ICE businesses or systems that are determined to be in the scope of the regulation, in the past has resulted, and in the future could result, in significant additional expenditures. In addition, the Digital Operational Resilience Act, or DORA, that went into effect on January 17, 2025, establishes an information and communication technology, or ICT, risk management framework for the EU financial sector and imposes risk management, reporting and information oversight for EU financial entities and their ICT third-party service providers. Some of our businesses are impacted by the compliance burdens and costs of DORA as EU financial entities or ICT third-party service providers to EU financial entities. Owning clearing houses exposes us to risks, including risks related to defaults by clearing members, risks related to investing margin and guaranty funds and the cost of operating the clearing houses. There are risks inherent in operating clearing houses, including exposure to the market and counterparty risk of clearing members, market liquidity risks, defaults by clearing members and risks associated with custody and investing margin or guaranty fund assets provided by clearing members to our clearing houses, which could subject our business to substantial losses. As of December 31, 2025, we custody a total of $81.2 billion of clearing members' margin and guaranty funds across all of our clearing houses. To the extent available, ICE clearing houses use Sovereign Central Banks to custody assets. For example, ICE Clear Credit holds the U.S. dollar cash and U.S. Treasuries that clearing members transfer to satisfy their original margin and guaranty fund requirements at its account at the Federal Reserve. ICE clearing houses may also use third-party investment agents for investment of cash assets, subject to the guidelines provided by each clearing house, and may add or change the investment agents from time to time. Although our clearing houses have policies and procedures to manage the risks to which they are exposed, including collecting margin and guaranty fund contributions from clearing members, such policies and procedures may not succeed in preventing losses after a member's or counterparty’s default. The processes for calculating and setting margins and financial safeguards are complex and there is no guarantee that our risk models that are utilized to calculate margin and our financial safeguard procedures will adequately protect us in all circumstances. In addition, from time to time, we may redesign the methodology of the risk models that are utilized to calculate margin. Redesigning and implementing a new risk model is a complex process, involving quantitative analysis, regulatory approval and implementation risk. We cannot guarantee that the measures and safeguards we have undertaken to design, implement and operate risk models, calculate and collect margin, and protect our clearing houses in the case of a clearing member default, will be sufficient. Accordingly, it is possible that we would be materially and adversely affected in the event of one or more significant defaults. We have contributed our own capital, or ‘Skin in the Game’, to the front of the guaranty fund of each of the 24 clearing houses that could be used in the event of a default. We also have default insurance that resides after and in addition to the ICE Clear Credit (for CDS clearing), ICE Clear Europe, and ICE Clear U.S. ‘Skin in the Game’ contributions to the default waterfalls of each of the clearing houses and before the guaranty fund contributions of the non-defaulting clearing members. Notwithstanding these actions, the default of one or more of the clearing members could subject our business to substantial losses and/or cause our customers to lose confidence in our clearing houses and, as a result, in our exchange traded business in general. We announced on February 3, 2026, that the SEC approved ICE Clear Credit’s application to expand its current registered Covered Clearing Agency designation to add U.S. Treasury clearing. Although the new Treasury clearing service is operationally live for the clearing of cash transactions and expects to go live for repurchase transactions in the fourth quarter of 2026, there is no assurance that the service will achieve meaningful market adoption and competition within the U.S. Treasury clearing market may limit the commercial success of this offering. While ICE Clear Credit has established the U.S. Treasury clearing business as a distinct and segregated business line from its existing CDS clearing business, with its own rulebook, membership, risk management framework, financial and liquidity resources, and governance structure, operating both business lines out of the same legal entity poses risks that any financial, operational, or risk management failure within the U.S. Treasury clearing business could adversely affect the CDS clearing business. We cannot guarantee that the policies, controls, and safeguards implemented to design, launch, and operate this new service will be sufficient to mitigate these risks. If the value of collateral held as margin or guaranty fund contributions by our clearing houses declines or a collateral issuer defaults, clearing members may be at risk of defaulting, which could adversely impact our clearing houses. Our clearing houses hold a substantial amount of assets as margin or guaranty fund contributions, which comprise U.S. and other sovereign treasury securities. As of December 31, 2025, our clearing houses held $82.6 billion of non-cash margin or guaranty fund contributions in U.S. and other sovereign treasury securities: $72.9 billion of this amount was comprised of U.S. Treasury securities, $5.4 billion of various EU member country Treasury securities, $1.8 billion of U.K. Treasury securities and $2.6 billion of other European, Japanese, Canadian and Tri-Party Treasury securities. Sovereign treasury securities have historically been viewed as one of the safest and most liquid securities for clearing houses to hold due to the perceived credit worthiness of major governments. If there is a significant decline in the value of collateral relied upon by our clearing houses, our clearing houses could face significant expenses and such an event could cause a credit contraction and major swings in asset prices. To mitigate this risk, our clearing houses currently apply a discount or “haircut” to the market values for all sovereign securities held as margin or guaranty fund contributions; however, market conditions could change more quickly than we expect, and we may be unable to adjust the amount of the haircuts or the haircuts could be insufficient in the event of a sudden market event. If the value of collateral declines significantly, our clearing houses will need to collect additional margin or guaranty fund contributions from their clearing members, which may be difficult for the members to supply, particularly during times of financial stress. This risk may be additionally exacerbated by an actual or threatened default by a collateral issuer. If a clearing member cannot supply the additional margin or guaranty fund contributions, which may include cash in a currency acceptable to the clearing house, the clearing house could deem the clearing member in default. If any clearing members default as a result of the reduction in the value of margin or guaranty fund contributions, our clearing houses and trading business could suffer substantial losses as a result of the loss of any capital that has been contributed to the clearing house’s guaranty funds and a loss of confidence by clearing members in the clearing house, resulting in a reduction in volumes of future cleared transactions. Further, our clearing houses invest large sums through reverse repo transactions in connection with their clearing operations and hold sovereign securities as security in connection with such investment transactions. In the event that a reverse repo counterparty defaults, the value of the sovereign securities we hold as collateral might not be sufficient to cover our losses. Our clearing houses may also make demand deposits with commercial banks which could be lost in the event one of these banks becomes insolvent. Owning and operating cash equity and options exchanges exposes us to risks, including the regulatory responsibilities to which these businesses are subject. Owning and operating cash equity and options exchanges for which the revenues are primarily derived from trading activity, market data and listing fees, exposes us to risks. Adverse economic conditions and legal and regulatory changes similar to those discussed elsewhere in this section could result in decreased trading volume on our exchanges, discourage or prohibit market participants from listing on our exchanges or cause them to forgo new offerings. In addition, as the industry rapidly evolves to accommodate digital finance, we will need to innovate quickly or risk being placed at a competitive disadvantage, especially if certain providers of digital asset solutions are allowed to operate under different 25 regulatory standards or requirements. Any of these could reduce our revenues, including market data and listing fee revenue. Our cash equity and options exchanges also have certain regulatory responsibilities that must be fulfilled. For example, these exchanges are responsible for enforcing listed company compliance with applicable listing standards, enforcing members' compliance with exchange rules and federal securities laws, complying with terms of NMS Plans, filing of all material changes to exchanges' rules with the SEC, and operating our exchanges consistent with exchange rules, federal securities laws and other applicable laws. Any failure by one of our exchanges to comply with, and enforce compliance by their members or listed companies with, exchange rules and securities laws could significantly harm our reputation, prompt regulatory scrutiny, result in the payment of fines or penalties and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We must allocate significant resources to fulfill our regulatory and self-regulatory responsibilities. The business objectives of exchanges might conflict with the exchanges’ regulatory and self-regulatory responsibilities. In addition, the listing of our common stock, or the stock of companies in which we invest, on the NYSE could potentially create a conflict between the exchange’s regulatory responsibilities to vigorously oversee the listing and trading of securities, on the one hand, and our commercial and economic interest, on the other hand. While we have structural protections to minimize these potential conflicts, we cannot be sure that such measures will be successful. Further, changes in the rules of our securities markets must be reviewed and approved by the SEC. Approval of such changes by the SEC cannot be guaranteed, and the SEC has in the past delayed, and could in the future delay, either the approval process or the initiation of the public comment process. Any denial or delay in approving changes, or a failure to file changes that regulators view as required, could significantly harm our reputation, prompt regulatory scrutiny, result in the payment of fines or penalties and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Challenges by the SEC to fee filings on securities market data have in the past negatively impacted and could in the future negatively impact the value of proprietary data products. See Item 1 “- Business - Regulation” above for additional information regarding regulatory changes impacting our cash equities and options exchanges, including risks to our business associated with possible regulation of services offered by non-exchange affiliates. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. Since we conduct operations globally, substantial portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against the other currencies could affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. In an attempt to combat inflation, countries and regions have used monetary policy, through increasing central bank interest rates, and such actions have caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in currency exchange rates. External events such as Brexit have caused, and may in the future cause, significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially among the U.S. dollar, the British pound sterling and the euro. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in the U.K., EU, the U.S. or other key markets deteriorate, the value of the pound sterling, euro or U.S. dollar may weaken. Further, financial instability in a particular country could have a contagion effect on the region in which it is located and contribute to general instability and uncertainty in that region. Events that adversely affect our clients and suppliers in a region could in turn have a materially adverse effect on our international business results and our operating results. For additional information on our foreign currency exchange rate risk, refer to “- Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk” in Item 7A “- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk", which is included in this Annual Report. We may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively. We have achieved significant growth since becoming a public company in 2005. Our growth is highly dependent on customer demand for our core products and services, favorable economic conditions and our ability to invest in our personnel, facilities, infrastructure and financial and management systems and controls. Adverse economic conditions could reduce customer demand for our products and services, which may place a significant strain on our management and resources and could force us to defer existing or future planned opportunities. We regularly evaluate our existing operations, service capacity and business efficiencies and, as a result of such evaluations, we may undertake strategic 26 initiatives outside of and within our businesses. We may not be successful in executing on our strategies to support our growth organically or through acquisitions, other investments or strategic alliances. We may not be successful in offering new products or technologies or in identifying opportunities. We from time to time launch, and intend in the future to launch, new products, services and business ventures and continue to explore and pursue other opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. We have spent and may continue to spend substantial time and money developing new product or service offerings or improving current product or service offerings. If these offerings are not successful, we may miss a potential market opportunity and not be able to recover the costs of such initiatives. Obtaining any required regulatory approval associated with these offerings may also result in delays or restrictions on our ability to benefit fully from these offerings. Further, we have entered into and may seek in the future to enter into or increase our presence in markets that already possess established competitors who may enjoy the protection of high barriers to entry, among other advantages. In addition, in light of consolidation in the exchange, data services, clearing and mortgage technology sectors and competition for opportunities, we may be unable to identify strategic opportunities, or we may be unable to negotiate or finance any future acquisition successfully. Our competitors could merge, making it more difficult for us to find appropriate entities to acquire or merge with and making it more difficult to compete in our industry due to the increased resources of our merged competitors. Also, offering new products and services and pursuing acquisitions requires substantial time and attention of our management team, which could prevent them from successfully overseeing other initiatives that are necessary for our success. Climate-related risks pose operational, commercial, reputational, regulatory and financial risks. Climate-related risks and increases in the frequency or severity of extreme weather events and other natural disasters, and such events could negatively impact our activities and results of operations and impact the activities of our customers or third-party vendors or suppliers. The physical commodities and assets underlying certain of our markets may also be impacted by climate-related risks and extreme weather events, which could impact users of our markets. The risks associated with extreme weather events and other natural disasters may evolve rapidly and we expect that climate-related risks may increase over time. We face reputational, regulatory and financial risks related to our ability to respond to diverse stakeholder expectations and requirements on sustainability-related topics, including in connection with a transition to clean and renewable energy. A variety of sustainability-related topics, including the transition to clean and renewable energy, involve rapidly changing and diverging expectations from our stakeholders, including consumers and institutional investors. Our ability to satisfy the preferences of our stakeholders around these topics (including on energy production and consumption) and the possible failure of our products or services to support the needs and meet the expectations of such stakeholders could adversely impact our business and revenues. Changing market demands and preferences could also have an adverse impact on the operations or financial condition of our customers, which could result in reduced revenues from those customers. In addition, the uncertainty related to the transition to clean and renewable energy and away from fossil fuels, including regulatory, legislative or policy changes by the U.S. government with regard to energy policy and related subsidies, incentives or penalties, may negatively impact trading on our markets and have an adverse effect on the activities of our customers or third-party vendors, which could negatively impact our revenues. Furthermore, lawmakers in many jurisdictions have proposed or adopted laws, regulations or policies on sustainability-related topics that diverge from, or potentially conflict with, laws in other jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to risks related to the uncertainty in connection with changing policies and particularly with respect to any divergence in such laws, regulations or policies, which could impact us and our customers and result in increased regulatory, compliance, reputational or operational challenges and costs. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, required to recognize impairments of our goodwill, other intangible assets or investments. The determination of the value of goodwill and other intangible assets requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2025, we had goodwill of $30.6 billion and net other intangible assets of $15.4 billion relating to our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Black Knight in September 2023. As of December 31, 2025, we had a total carrying value of $1.6 billion relating to our equity investments, including our investment in Blockratize, Inc., doing business as Polymarket. 27 During 2024 and 2023, we recorded impairments on certain developed technology and trademark finite-lived intangible assets, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will not experience future events that may result in these types of impairments. An impairment of the value of our existing goodwill, other intangible assets and other investments and assets could have a significant negative impact on our future operating results. For additional information on our goodwill, other intangible assets and investments, refer to Notes 3, 4 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements and “- Critical Accounting Estimates - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Impairment Assessment” in Item 7 “- Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” which are included in this Annual Report. Our ownership of a digital asset custody business may introduce additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model. In May 2025, we acquired a digital asset custody business now known as ICE Digital Trust, LLC. Our new initiatives in connection with our digital asset custody business present operational, reputational, and financial risks, including increased risk of a security breach, system failure, or in connection with a decline in demand for digital assets. More specifically, the failure to safeguard and manage digital asset accounts could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The theft, loss, or destruction of private keys required to access any crypto assets held in custody may be irreversible, and we could be held liable for customer losses. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches or incidents, and we may lose crypto assets valued in excess of the insurance policy without any recourse. Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer to offer recourse to us or to any consumer and the misappropriated crypto may not be easily traced to the bad actor. Additionally, custodial platforms are prime targets for hackers. A breach of our custody systems could lead to the theft of customer assets and unauthorized transfers, for which the company might be held liable, and traditional insurance may not adequately cover losses related to digital assets. Further, our ownership of a digital asset custody business may also involve dependencies on decentralized or other third party blockchain services and the protocols, which we do not control and in turn may expose us to new and evolving technological risks. The digital asset industry is subject to rapidly evolving and uncertain regulations at both the state and federal levels. Changes in laws or enforcement patterns, such as those related to anti-money laundering (AML) and tax reporting, could impact our ability to operate the business. Further, recent developments in the digital asset economy have led to increased volatility in digital asset markets, which in turn may increase the potential for loss of confidence in the digital asset ecosystem, or negative publicity surrounding digital assets impacting our reputation. ICE Digital Trust is a New York limited purpose trust company that is subject to extensive regulation by the NYDFS. Compliance with any such regulatory requirements increases our regulatory burden and gives rise to costs and expenses that may have a material impact on our financial condition. Pandemics and other public health emergencies could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic created economic and financial disruptions globally and led governmental authorities to take unprecedented measures to mitigate the spread of the disease. From an operational perspective, the spread of COVID-19 resulted, and the emergence of a new pandemic or other health emergency could in the future result, in temporary closures of our office facilities and the office facilities of our customers and our third-party vendors. We cannot assure you that such measures will adequately protect our business, and such measures could introduce new operational risks, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity risk, and strain our technological resources and business continuity plans. If one or more of the third-party vendors to whom we outsource certain material activities claim that they cannot perform due to a force majeure or experience operational failures as a result of a pandemic or other public health emergency, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. A pandemic or other public health emergency could also impact, among other things, the availability of our executive officers, staff and primary facilities, and the viability of our customers. COVID-19 has in the past resulted, and another pandemic or public health emergency could in the future result, in disruptions to global supply chains, which could negatively affect the flow or availability of certain hardware and related products for technology that we need to operate our business effectively and efficiently. Our inability to acquire suitable hardware and related products on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect our business. Pandemic and public health-related restrictions could also impact third-party providers' abilities to meet their contractual 28 obligations to us and impact on our customers’ businesses, risk management needs and ability to trade, and, to the extent they do so, adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. LEGAL AND REGULATORY Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of changes to our regulatory environment and business in the future. We are and will continue to be subject to extensive regulation in many jurisdictions around the world, and in particular in the U.S., the U.K. and the EU. We face the risk of significant actions by regulatory and taxing authorities in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses and hold investments, which may affect our business, the activity of our market participants, and our results. Among other things, as a result of regulators and tax authorities enforcing existing laws and regulations, we have in the past been, and could in the future be, censured, fined, prohibited from pursuing certain acquisitions or engaging in some of our business activities, subjected to limitations or conditions on our business activities, including fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory pricing restrictions, also known as FRAND, and prohibiting the inclusion of, or reliance on, “unfair” terms in certain customer contracts, or subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the conduct of our business or with respect to our employees, including settlement payments, interest payments and penalty payments. In many cases, our activities are subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. The adoption of new laws or regulations, changes in governmental policies or changes in regulations or enforcement practices applicable to our businesses or those of our clients could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way or impact our clients’ overall trading volume through our exchanges and clearing houses and demand for our market data and connectivity offerings, mortgage technology and other services. EU policymakers continue to adopt and propose changes to regulatory intervention related to energy markets, including pricing-limiting mechanisms on exchange-traded gas products and strengthening the EU’s market abuse framework for wholesale energy markets. Trading volumes on ICE Endex, the primary European exchange for the benchmark European gas contract, and ICE Clear Europe, which clears ICE Endex contracts, could be impacted. Additionally, in December 2022, a coalition of various nations set the price of Russian crude oil at or below $60 a barrel, which remains in place and continues to impact our businesses and those of our clients. There may be additional regulatory changes forthcoming and additional impacts to our business. We are also subject to regulatory risks relating to the mortgage industry, which is heavily regulated in the U.S. We are subject to enhanced oversight from the FFIEC and CFPB related to the inclusion of Black Knight's services and product offerings in our portfolio. Changes to existing laws, regulations or policies, or the adoption of new laws, regulations or policies that affect the residential mortgage industry could reduce residential mortgage volume or otherwise limit the ability of users and participants of our mortgage technology services to operate their businesses, resulting in decreased usage of our solutions. Alternatively, reduced regulatory requirements could also reduce the demand for certain of our products and services, which are intended to enable our customers to satisfy existing regulatory requirements. Potential structural changes to federal agencies integral to the U.S. residential mortgage industry, in particular, those involving the roles of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, in addition to the regulatory roles of the CFPB and other banking regulators, could disrupt the residential mortgage market and have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, as a critical third-party service provider in the mortgage industry, we are subject to supervision and examination by certain regulators, which has resulted, and will continue to result, in additional operating costs. There is ongoing public concern regarding data privacy and data protection in many jurisdictions in which ICE operates. Many of those jurisdictions have passed data privacy legislation, with many more contemplating new laws. The laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. Privacy and data protection regulations often require monitoring of, and changes to, our data practices in regard to the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transfer and/or security of personal and sensitive information. Regulatory activity in the privacy area may also hinder our business, for example, by restricting use or sharing of data, including for marketing or advertising or limiting the use of, limiting our ability to provide certain data to our customers, or otherwise regulating artificial intelligence and machine learning, including the use of algorithms and automated processing in ways that could materially affect our business, or that may lead to significant increases in the cost of compliance. The expansion of our business in the U.S. residential mortgage market increases the impact of data privacy legislation and regulation on our business. These developments could impact our profitability in the affected jurisdictions, or even make it uneconomical for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses in such jurisdictions, or could cause us to incur significant costs associated with changing our business practices, restructuring our businesses or moving all or certain of 29 our businesses and our employees to other jurisdictions, including liquidating assets or raising capital in a manner that adversely increases our funding costs or otherwise adversely affects our stockholders and creditors. U.S., U.K. and EU legal and regulatory developments, in particular EMIR, EMIR 3.0, U.K. Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, or U.K. MiFID II, and EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, or EU MiFID II, the U.K BMR and the EU BMR, including each such regulation as incorporated into U.K. law, have significantly altered and propose to further alter the regulatory framework within which we operate and may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability. These regulatory developments could also cause us to change our business practices, restructure our businesses or move certain of our businesses and employees. The enacted and proposed legal and regulatory changes, if implemented, most likely to affect our businesses are: operational account and clearing requirements for EU market participants in EMIR 3.0, the proposal by U.S. banking regulators to increase bank capital requirements under the Basel III Endgame impacting banking services and activities, including client clearing, lending and capital markets activities and the Federal Reserve proposed revisions to the surcharge on global systemically-important bank holding companies, access rules under the U.K. BMR and EU BMR, the non-harmonization of margin requirements, access to our benchmarks, U.K. CCP resolution enhancements and maintaining our exchanges’ abilities to operate as SROs with related immunity for the discharge of their regulatory functions. As the operator of global businesses, the divergence among countries' regulatory frameworks, including differences between the EU and the U.K. post-Brexit, could impact our business as our clearing houses and exchanges are subject to regulation in multiple jurisdictions. The Dodd-Frank Act established enhanced regulatory requirements for non-bank financial institutions designated as “systemically important” by the FSOC. ICE Clear Credit has been designated as a systemically important financial market utility by the FSOC and, as a result, is subject to additional oversight by the CFTC. Compliance with these requirements has resulted in, and will continue to result in, additional operating costs. In 2016, the SEC approved a plan to establish a market-wide consolidated audit trail, or the CAT, to improve regulators’ ability to monitor trading activity. In addition to increased risk in connection with our regulatory obligations, the implementation of the CAT has resulted in, and in the future could continue to result in significant additional expenditures, which may not be reimbursed, especially in light of a court challenge to the CAT funding model in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit and follow-on cases. Funding for the CAT has been provided primarily by the SROs, partly in exchange for promissory notes, which increased the risk that SROs, including us, will not be reimbursed in whole or in part for costs expended to build and operate the CAT or for future promissory notes, if any. In addition, if the SEC