. Risk Factor Summary The following summary highlights some of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. This summary is not complete and the risks summarized below are not the only risks we face. These risks are discussed more fully further below in this section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A. of this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: • Consumer demand and preferences, as well as regulatory trends may impact demand for our products, which may have a negative effect on our operating results and future growth. • Our business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our sales and results of operations will suffer. • If we are unable to successfully execute our strategic transformation, or enter into or close collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions, or divestitures, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory and/or working capital balances. • Our results of operations may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to legal claims, disputes, investigations and litigation, including the ongoing antitrust and competition investigations and related class action lawsuits. • Trade wars, tariffs, sanctions, geopolitical developments, supply chain disruptions, environmental events, natural disasters, public health and human rights crises, and other events may adversely affect our sourcing of raw materials, and our development, manufacturing, distribution or sale of our products. • Increases in input costs, including raw materials, transportation, and energy, have been exacerbated by recent inflationary pressures. • A significant data breach or other disruption to our information technology systems could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information or personal data, and adversely impact our reputation, productivity, business or results of operations. • We are exposed to AI-related risks and opportunities that if we fail to properly manage, could result in material liabilities, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. • The impact of currency fluctuation or devaluation in the international markets in which we operate may negatively affect our results of operations. • International economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements, operations and growth. • Our inability to recruit, retain or transition employees could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals. • Any impairment of our tangible or intangible long-lived assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our profitability. 10 Table of Contents • We are subject to customer, consumer, shareholder and regulatory focus on sustainability, which may result in additional costs in order to meet new requirements, including adversely affecting our stock price, results of operations and access to capital. • Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to certain considerations. • We have a substantial amount of indebtedness that could materially adversely affect, among other things, our financial condition, our ability to return capital to our shareholders, needed investments into our business and our credit ratings. Indebtedness and related covenants could adversely affect our liquidity, flexibility, and cost of capital. • Our funding obligations for our pension and postretirement plans could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. • A disruption in our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our profitability. • If we are unable to comply with regulatory requirements and industry standards, including those regarding product safety, quality, efficacy and environmental impact, we could incur significant costs and suffer reputational harm which could adversely affect results of operations. • Failure to comply with environmental protection laws may cause us to close, relocate or operate one or more of our plants at reduced production levels, and expose us to civil or criminal liability, which could adversely affect our operating results and future growth. • We could be adversely affected by violations, by us or our counterparties, of U.S. or foreign anti-bribery, international trade, anti-corruption, antitrust or competition laws and regulations, applicable sanctions or employment and human rights or employment regulations. • Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. • Changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or changes in existing tax laws could expose us to additional tax liabilities that may affect our future results. • The N&B Transaction could result in significant tax liability, and we may be obligated to indemnify DuPont for any such tax liability imposed on DuPont. • If we fail to comply with data protection laws in the U.S. and abroad, we may be subject to fines, penalties and other costs. Risk Factors We routinely encounter and address risks in conducting our business. Some of these risks may cause our future results to be different - sometimes materially different – than in the past or than we presently anticipate. Below are some of the risks we have identified that could adversely affect our business. How we react to material future developments, as well as how our competitors and customers react to those developments, could also affect our future results. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Consumer demand and preferences, as well as regulatory trends may impact demand for our products, which may have a negative effect on our operating results and future growth. Many of our products are ingredients or components in consumer products which are sold to end-users throughout the world. Demand for such consumer products depends on consumer preferences that are driven by a variety of factors, such as the increasing use of weight management pharmaceutical products, increasing health and wellness awareness, greater transparency in product labeling, and changes in global, regional or local economic conditions (such as inflation, unemployment, salaries and wage rates stagnation, low growth rates, and impacts of supply disruptions, climate events, or geopolitical developments). At the same time, increased regulatory requirements, statements or questions around certain of our products, may result in changes in customer orders or delays in developing, manufacturing or marketing of new or existing products. Moreover, given that the timing or volumes in our customers’ orders are generally at our customers’ discretion, customers may cancel, reduce or postpone orders with us on relatively short notice. These and other consumer and regulatory trends may continue to affect the demand for our products and impact our ability to meet certain productivity levels. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these trends in a timely and cost-effective manner, our productivity, results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected. Our business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations will suffer. 11 Table of Contents We face intense global competition from multinational and specialized companies across our product offerings, as well as consumer product companies developing their own alternatives. Competitors may have greater resources, proprietary technologies, or benefit from recent industry consolidation, enabling them to respond more effectively to customer or market demands. As we expand into adjacent markets, such as functional foods and specialty fine ingredients, we encounter additional risks, including price sensitivity and lower margins. Our ability to compete depends on, among other things, innovation, product quality, regulatory compliance, pricing, logistical efficiency, digital proficiency, customer service, and intellectual property protection. Failure to invest in growth, scale new concepts, or adapt to technological advancements could erode our competitive position. Increased competition, including aggressive pricing, may lead to lost sales, margin pressure, and reduced profitability. We may not be in a position to allocate the appropriate level of investment in research and development efforts, due to other macroeconomic pressures, and such investments may not yield expected returns due to poor execution or delays by our customers in launching relevant products, changing consumer trends, or disruptive competitor innovations. These factors are beyond our control and could negatively impact our results of operations. Additionally, a significant portion of our sales comes from a relatively small number of large multinational customers. In 2025, our 25 largest customers, a majority of which were multinational consumer products companies, collectively accounted for approximately 32% of our sales. Multinational customers have been facing their own competitive challenges, such as pressures by new smaller companies and specialty players that cater to or are more adept at adjusting to the latest consumer trends, including towards natural products and clean labels, changes in the retail landscape (including e-commerce and consolidation), and increased competition from private labels, which have resulted and may continue to result in decreased demand for our products. Multinational and increasingly middle market customers also rely on “core lists” of suppliers, requiring more favorable terms for inclusion, such as rebates, which could adversely affect our margins. If we fail to secure or maintain such “core list” status, our sales and margins could be adversely affected. Beyond large multinational customers, our customer base continues to be diverse. Based on fiscal-year 2025 sales, we had approximately 20,000 customers, approximately 69% of which are small and mid-sized companies. This diversity requires ongoing adjustments to product development, manufacturing, distribution, marketing, and infrastructure to support varied go-to-market models. Managing a geographically and operationally diverse portfolio adds complexity, and failure to maintain relationships or gain market share with these customers could adversely affect our growth. If we are unable to successfully execute our strategic transformation, or enter into or close collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions, or divestitures, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As part of our strategic transformation and portfolio optimization, we have completed several divestitures in recent years and continue to evaluate additional transactions, including strategic alternatives for our Food Ingredients segment. Successfully completing such transactions depends on factors beyond our control, such as industry and macroeconomic conditions, third party interest and financing, underlying asset performance, regulatory approvals, and entanglements with the rest of our businesses. Moreover, such transactions are complex, costly, and time-consuming, and may divert management’s and employees’ attention, lead to significant stranded and separation costs, and dis-synergies, risk of assuming liabilities, failure to meet business case objectives for such transactions, as well as employee turnover, and negative impacts on customer and supplier relationships. Strategic transactions often involve post-closing obligations under supply, manufacturing, licensing, or transitional service agreements that may bind us for extended periods, during which market conditions may change. At the same time, we also continue to pursue collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions to enhance innovation, expand our product portfolio, and support growth, but these transactions also involve significant risks. Negotiating and implementing such arrangements is similarly complex and time-consuming, and we may fail to close deals, agree on favorable terms, or avoid post-closing disputes. Revenue from collaborations depends on our partners’ performance, and these arrangements may not lead to timely or successful product development or commercialization. Acquisitions present additional risks, including integration challenges, failure to achieve anticipated synergies, cost savings, or revenue growth, and exposure to incremental liabilities or contractual obligations to minority investors. We may also incur impairment charges if acquired businesses underperform. Failure to enter into such transactions or complete them on time, manage costs, or negotiate favorable terms could increase expenses, hinder our portfolio strategy, and negatively affect our financial condition. Even when successful, expected benefits may not be realized or may take longer than anticipated, and failure to meet these challenges could materially impact our business and results of operations. Our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory and/or working capital balances. We manage inventory based on shelf life, sourcing levels, and anticipated demand. Effective inventory control is critical to meeting customer needs without incurring excess storage costs. If we fail to accurately forecast customer demand, it may lead 12 Table of Contents to excess or obsolete inventory, requiring markdowns or disposal charges that negatively impact our financial results. Supply chain disruptions and other global risks could also cause raw material shortages and inventory depletion, while excess raw materials with short shelf lives may increase shrinkage risk. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected. Relatedly, we also sell certain accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to unrelated financial institutions under “factoring” agreements, some of which are sponsored by certain customers. Should we choose not to participate, or if these programs were no longer available, it could reduce our cash flows from operations in the period in which the arrangement ends. Similarly, our failure to maintain proper control over collection of receivables and payment of payables could similarly impact our cash flows and results of operations. Our results of operations may be negatively impacted by legal claims, disputes, investigations and litigation, including the ongoing antitrust and competition investigations and related class action lawsuits. We are or may be, from time to time, involved in legal claims, regulatory investigations, and litigation, including matters related to competition and antitrust, environmental issues, intellectual property, product liability, personal injury, commercial disputes, employment and labor matters, false or deceptive advertising, and indirect taxes. For instance, product liability claims may arise from supplying ingredients to food, beverage, and personal care industries, while the operation of our facilities may expose us to environmental and personal injury claims, regulatory actions, and fines. Poor results of operations, liquidity or financial condition-particularly as we work towards implementation of our ongoing strategic transformation and our portfolio optimization strategy-may also increase litigation risk. As further described in our consolidated financial statements, we are currently subject to antitrust investigations in a number of countries and class action lawsuits in the U.S. and Canada alleging antitrust violations by us and certain of our competitors. Additional suits and investigations may follow, and outcomes are uncertain. Enforcement actions could result in regulators imposing significant fines, penalties, or business restrictions, adversely affecting results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition, and overall business. Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to protect us from potential material expenses related to pending and future claims and unavailable at reasonable cost in the future. Unfavorable outcomes in these or future matters could materially affect our profitability and financial condition. Trade wars, tariffs, sanctions, geopolitical developments, supply chain disruptions, environmental events, natural disasters, public health or human rights crises, and other events may adversely affect our sourcing of raw materials, and our development, manufacturing, distribution or sale of our products. We operate in a complex global environment and we are exposed, directly or indirectly through our suppliers, to risks, inherent in global development, manufacturing, distribution or sale of goods, including agricultural products. These include trade wars (including tariffs and duties), sanctions, geopolitical developments, supply chain disruptions, environmental events, natural disasters and public health crises, terrorism, industrial accidents, labor disputes, political or economic crises, as well as other external factors over which neither our suppliers nor we have control. Our products depend on a wide range of raw materials sourced globally, such as essential or vegetable oils, botanical extracts, animal products, organic and petroleum-based chemicals. For certain materials, we rely on a limited number of suppliers or regions, making us vulnerable to shortages, delays, and price volatility. Tariffs and trade restrictions, sanctions, and geopolitical tensions (e.g., U.S.-China relations, Russia-Ukraine war, Middle East conflicts), as well as supply chain disruptions, along with energy price fluctuations, may further strain operations and margins. Environmental and climate-related events, including severe weather, droughts, floods, and water scarcity, can also impact crop yields, transportation, and energy costs, increasing sourcing challenges or prices of input costs. Many of our manufacturing and research and development sites are highly specialized, and some are the sole location for producing certain products or uniquely situated to support our innovation efforts, respectively. Disruptions affecting these sites, including due to the risks outlined above, could lead to costly delays, reformulations, or relocation expenses. While we maintain strategic stock levels of certain raw materials and seek alternative sources when needed, these measures may not fully mitigate risks. If we are not able to successfully mitigate such risks, we could experience disruptions in production, which may result in decrease in our gross margin or reduced sales, and have a material adverse effect on our productivity, business, results of operations and financial condition. Increases in input costs, including raw materials, transportation, and energy, have been exacerbated by recent inflationary and tariff pressures. If we are unable to increase the prices of our products to our customers to offset increased input cost trends, or if we are unable to achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases, our profits and operating results could be adversely affected. Our ability to price our products competitively is critical to maintain and grow our sales. However, possible increases in prices of our products to customers or the impact of the broader macroeconomic environment on our customers may continue to lead to declines in demand and sales volumes. We may also be unable to accurately predict or hedge cost fluctuations or anticipate the impact of price increases, while competitors may adapt more effectively. Persistent cost volatility could lead 13 Table of Contents customers to seek alternative suppliers or reformulate products, resulting in long-term sales declines or loss of market share. Additionally, inflationary or deflationary trends may affect the financial health of customers and suppliers, further impacting demand and supply. These factors are beyond our control and may materially affect our business and financial condition. A significant data breach or other disruption to our information technology systems could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information or personal data, and adversely impact our reputation, productivity, business or results of operations. We rely on information technology systems, including third-party providers, to support critical business processes such as product development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, financial reporting, regulatory compliance, and data storage. To mitigate risks, we maintain an information security program with updated technology, policies, controls, insurance, governance, training, monitoring, and testing. While these measures mitigate cybersecurity risks, potential threats are constantly evolving and becoming more sophisticated, and conducted by a diverse group of actors, such as foreign governments, cyber terrorists, cyber criminals, malicious employees and other insiders and outsiders. The risks and potential threats can take many forms, such as code anomalies, “Acts of God,” data leakage, hardware or software failures, human errors, cyber extortion, password theft or introduction of viruses, malware and ransomware, including through phishing emails. Geopolitical conflicts, such as those in the Middle East and Russia-Ukraine, further heighten cyber risk. A significant IT disruption or breach of our systems or those of our third party providers could result in loss of confidential data, operational downtime, litigation, regulatory penalties, damages, reputational harm, and substantial remediation costs. Increased reliance on cloud computing, AI, and hybrid work arrangements adds complexity and risk, including through unauthorized access or disclosure of personal and proprietary information. Integration of acquired systems and divestitures also create transitional vulnerabilities. Privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA that allow private actions increase our litigation exposure related to potential cyber incidents. We have experienced threats to our data and our systems and although we have not experienced a material incident to date, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. Additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. We are exposed to AI-related risks and opportunities that if we fail to properly manage, could result in material liabilities, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have been increasingly using AI tools in our operations, research and development and other areas. Many of our third-party partners also utilize AI tools. We may be exposed to AI-related risks in cases where we, our employees, or our third party partners, in each case whether or not known to us, use AI tools, as well as in cases where we fail to adopt AI tools at a pace or breath as our competitors. The use of AI by us, our employees or any of our third-party partners may create risks, such as unauthorized disclosure of personal data, privacy risks, trade secrets, or confidential information, and potential receipt or use of third-party proprietary data, which could lead to intellectual property loss or disputes. AI may also weaken IP rights, where AI-generated inventions or creations may not be properly attributed to the rightful inventors, potentially resulting in additional disputes over intellectual property ownership and inventorship rights. The use of AI to draft patent applications may lead to inaccuracies or omissions in the applications, potentially resulting in weakened patent protection or possible outright rejection based on intellectual property ownership and inventorship. Separately, analyses, results or business processes relying on AI may also be deficient, inaccurate, or biased and we may fail to identify in a timely fashion or at all, if or to the extent that is the case. Furthermore, as discussed above, AI can amplify cybersecurity and IT risks and introduce compliance challenges as regulations evolve. Such risks may result in loss of confidential information, litigation, regulatory penalties, damages, reputational harm. At the same time, AI is already changing the way we and our competitors do business by, among other things, accelerating research and development, creating efficiencies, improving supply chain, productivity and other processes, customer experience, talent management and decision-making. Any failure to capitalize on the AI benefits to the same degree or with the same speed as our competitors may put us in a disadvantageous position. The impact of currency fluctuation or devaluation in the international markets in which we operate may negatively affect our results of operations. We have significant operations outside the U.S., the results of which are reported in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. The exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated and will continue to do so in the future, with the fluctuations being particularly pronounced in certain emerging markets. Changes in exchange rates between these local currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the recorded levels of sales, profitability, assets and/or liabilities. Along with other macroeconomic uncertainty, we have experienced and continue to expect volatility in global foreign currency exchange rates. Changes to interest rate policy as managed by the Federal Reserve Bank or other central banks and potential changes in trade policy may 14 Table of Contents further impact such exchange rates. Further volatility or unfavorable movements in currency exchange rates may adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows or liquidity. Although we employ a variety of techniques to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, including sourcing strategies and a limited number of foreign currency hedging activities, we cannot guarantee that such hedging and risk management strategies will be effective, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. International economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements, operations and growth. We operate on a global basis, with manufacturing sites, supply arrangements and sales presence in the U.S., Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Latin America, and Greater Asia. We also continue to expand our presence in emerging markets across the world. In 2025, approximately 72% of our combined net sales were to customers outside the U.S., and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations. As a result, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by location, include the following: • governmental laws, regulations and policies adopted to manage national economic and macroeconomic conditions, such as increases in taxes, austerity measures that may impact consumer spending, monetary policies that may impact inflation rates, employment regulations, currency fluctuations or controls and sustainability of resources; • changes in environmental, health and safety permits or regulations, such as regulations related to biodiversity or the continued implementation and evolution of the European Union’s REACH regulations and similar regulations that are being evaluated and adopted in other markets, or the ban on microplastics recently adopted by the European Commission (“EC”) and the burdens and costs of our compliance with such regulations which may differ significantly across jurisdictions; • increased product labeling and ingredient prohibitions in specific markets that may impact consumer preferences, products costs and/or customer acceptance; • the imposition of or changes in customs, tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, and sanctions on trade with certain countries, imposed by the U.S. or other countries, which could adversely affect our cost or ability to import raw materials or export our products to other markets; • risks and costs arising from our ability to cater to local demand and customer preferences, language and cultural differences; • the movement for increased unionization and collective labor activity in the U.S. and internationally may lead to labor instability, employee turnover, increased labor costs or production and operation disruptions; • changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in the countries in which we operate, including the risk of expropriation or nationalization, the costs and ability to repatriate the profit that we generate in these countries; • risks and costs associated with negative publicity on social media as a result of increased regulatory scrutiny, potential misinformation and/or targeted campaigns; • risks and costs associated with complying with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing laws; • risks and costs associated with complying with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, similar U.S. or foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations, applicable sanctions or competition laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate or ethical business practices and related laws and regulations; • risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, bribery and corruption, anti-American sentiment, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate; • difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained local personnel; • natural disasters, global or local health crisis, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), epidemics or international conflicts (such as the Russia-Ukraine war and Israel-Hamas war) or geopolitical tension (such as deteriorating U.S.-China relations), including trade wars, terrorist acts, political crisis, national and regional labor strikes in the countries in which we operate, which could endanger our personnel, interrupt our operations or adversely affect the demand for our products, the results of certain regions or our global supply chain; or • the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights. The occurrence of any one or more of these factors could increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. 15 Table of Contents Our inability to recruit, retain or transition employees could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals. Attracting, developing, and retaining talented employees, including our management team and senior employees, is essential to the successful delivery of our products and meeting our productivity goals. Our ongoing strategic transformation initiatives, 2025 reportable segment reorganization and corporate cost reallocations have impacted and may continue to impact employees’ roles and responsibilities. Competition for skilled labor particularly in scientific, tech and specialized fields may pose a risk to continued business operations, or increased labor costs. If we are unable to successfully transition, integrate, motivate and reward our employees, we may not be able to retain them or attract new employees. Thus, our ability to effectively compete with our competitors and to grow our business could be adversely affected. In addition, the loss of any member of our senior management could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and strategy. We may not find an adequate replacement in a timely fashion, or at all, and any replacement may view the business differently than current members of management. Future executives may make changes to our strategic focus, operations, business plans or financial guidance and outlook, with corresponding changes in how we report our results of operations. We can make no assurances that we would be able to properly manage any shift in focus or that any changes to our business would ultimately prove successful. Any impairment of our tangible or intangible long-lived assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our profitability. A significant portion of our assets consists of long-lived assets, including tangible assets such as our manufacturing facilities, and intangible assets, including goodwill and customer relationships. As of December 31, 2025, we had $14.3 billion of intangible assets and goodwill, primarily arising from the acquisitions of Frutarom and N&B. Our results of operations and financial position in future periods could be negatively impacted should future impairments of our long-lived assets, including intangible assets or goodwill occur. At least annually, we assess goodwill for impairment. We test for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we record an impairment charge based on the difference between the two. Intangible assets with finite lives are also tested for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Such events and changes in circumstances could include a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, increased competition or unexpected loss of market share, increased input costs beyond projections (for example due to regulatory or industry changes), our inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, unexpected business disruptions (for example due to a natural disaster, public health crisis, such as pandemics or epidemics or loss of a customer, supplier, or other significant business relationship), acts by governments and courts, operating results falling short of projections, or significant adverse changes in the markets in which we operate. Effective January 1, 2025, our Nourish segment was restructured into two newly designated operating segments and reporting units: Taste and Food Ingredients. This change in management reporting necessitated the reallocation of goodwill between the two reporting units and the performance of a goodwill impairment test both prior to and subsequent to the change. We recorded an impairment charge of $1.153 billion within the Food Ingredients operating segment as a result of the change in the Company’s segments, which is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) during the year ended December 31, 2025. Any future restructuring or other changes in reporting may result in additional impairment charges. Refer to Part II, Item 7 and Note 1 and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. Estimating the fair value of reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our business performance, future plans, future annual net cash flows, income tax considerations, discount rates and growth rates based on industry, economic, regulatory conditions and other market factors. Moreover, management will make significant accounting judgments and estimates for the application of acquisition accounting under GAAP, and the underlying valuation models. IFF’s operating results could be materially and adversely impacted in future periods if IFF’s accounting judgments and estimates related to these models prove to be inaccurate. To the extent any of our businesses do not perform as anticipated and our underlying assumptions and estimates related to their fair value determination are not met, whether due to internal or external factors, the value of goodwill and other long-lived assets may be negatively affected and we may be required to record impairment charges. We are subject to customer, consumer, shareholder and regulatory focus on sustainability, which may result in additional costs in order to meet new requirements, including adversely affecting our stock price, results of operations and access to capital. 16 Table of Contents Our customers, consumers and shareholders continue to be sensitive to environmental-related and other long-term sustainability issues. At the same time, we face increasing regulatory reporting requirements related to sustainability topics. The increased focus on sustainability has resulted and may continue to result in new and changing regulations, including the need to comply with different regulatory regimes in different jurisdictions, and customer requirements that could affect us. These could cause us to incur additional capital expenditure and other costs or to make changes to our operations or reporting systems in order to comply with any new regulations and customer requirements. We could also lose revenue, including as a result of negative publicity, if our customers divert business from us because we have not complied with their sustainability requirements. Increased regulatory scrutiny, consumer or customer legal actions, shareholder activism with respect to sustainability, shifting public and investor sentiment on environmental, social and governance matters could also lead to increased costs and disruption to operations. These potential costs, changes and loss of revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to certain considerations. Dividends are authorized and determined by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion and depend upon a number of factors, including: • cash available for dividends; • our results of operations and anticipated future results of operations; • our financial condition, including our current or forecasted future cash flows provided by our operating activities (after deducting anticipated future capital expenditures and other commitments required to carry out our operations and business strategy); • our operating expenses; • potential restrictions in our financing documents that may be instituted from time to time; and • other general and economic conditions or other factors our Board of Directors deems to be relevant. We expect to continue to pay dividends to our shareholders; however, our Board may reduce, suspend or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time. For instance, we announced in February 2024 that we had updated its dividend policy, reducing the expected quarterly dividend approximately 50% to enable faster deleveraging of the balance sheet and provide improved financial flexibility. Any reduction in the amount of dividends we pay to shareholders could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness that could materially adversely affect, among other things, our financial condition, our ability to return capital to our shareholders, needed investments into our business and our credit ratings. Our indebtedness and related covenants could adversely affect our liquidity, flexibility, and cost of capital. As of December 31, 2025, our total debt was approximately $5.994 billion. Required principal and interest payments, pricing grids tied to our credit ratings, and financial covenants under our revolving credit facility could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, invest in our business, or return capital to shareholders. A downgrade of our credit ratings could increase borrowing costs and reduce market access. A deterioration of our financial condition may lead to additional restrictions, including limitations on dividends and share repurchases and mandatory prepayments from certain asset sale proceeds. If we are unable to maintain compliance with covenants, manage maturities, or preserve investment grade ratings, our liquidity, financial condition, and cost of capital could be adversely affected. Our funding obligations for our pension and postretirement plans could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. Our funding obligations for our pension plans are impacted by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity markets and interest rates. Funding obligations are determined under government regulations and are measured each year based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date. If the financial markets do not provide the long-term returns that are expected under the governmental funding calculations, we could be required to make larger contributions. The equity markets can be very volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. Similarly, changes in interest rates and legislation enacted by governmental authorities can impact the timing and amounts of contribution requirements. An adverse change in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our required contributions in the future and adversely impact our liquidity. Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans are determined by us in consultation with outside consultants and advisors. In the event that we determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on 17 Table of Contents assets, or expected health care costs, our future pension and postretirement benefit expenses could increase or decrease. Due to changing market conditions or changes in the participant population, the assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liabilities and related costs and funding requirements. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Considerations If we are unable to comply with regulatory requirements and industry standards, including those regarding product safety, quality, efficacy and environmental impact, we could incur significant costs and suffer reputational harm which could adversely affect results of operations. Our products are subject to extensive and evolving regulatory, safety, and compliance requirements across multiple jurisdictions. These requirements govern product development, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and sale, and include standards related to product safety, quality, efficacy, environmental impact, sustainability, and animal welfare. Compliance obligations may arise from government authorities, industry bodies, non-governmental organizations, or contractual commitments to customers. Regulatory frameworks continue to expand and become more complex, particularly in highly regulated markets, and may involve modernization of food safety laws, heightened scrutiny of certain ingredients (including synthetic or biotechnology-derived components). Emerging technologies, such as protein engineering, gene editing, and novel uses of biotechnology, are also prompting new or stricter regulatory approaches. These developments may require us to reformulate products, remove or replace certain substances, or modify manufacturing processes, potentially resulting in significant costs, capital expenditures, or operational changes that could adversely affect margins and profitability. Recent regulatory actions illustrate these trends. For example, the European Commission’s ban on microplastics in personal care products, detergents, and cosmetics requires us to innovate and reformulate affected products. Similarly, the European Green Deal’s Chemicals Strategy for Sustainability (“CSS”) has driven updates to key regulations such as the EU Classification, Labeling and Packaging regulation (“CLP”) and the EU Detergent Regulation, introducing hazard-based risk management and grouping of substances to accelerate regulatory decisions. Revisions of the EU Cosmetic and Chemicals regulations have been deferred to the new EU Commission, but are still possible. These changes may negatively impact certain products we offer, including enzymes and fragrance ingredients. In the US, under the Toxic Substances Control Act (“TSCA”) chemicals regulation, companies experience significant challenges to bring new substances to the market, with major delays experienced with US EPA assessments and very restrictive release conditions being established for substances that make it through these reviews. Failure to adapt promptly and cost-effectively to these changes could result in increased costs to reformulate affected products and in loss of business to competitors with compliant products, operational disruptions, customer claims, regulatory fines, litigation, or reputational damage. We may also be exposed to serious adverse health claims related to undetected poor quality of raw materials, internal system failures to adequately reduce or eliminate certain hazards (such as pathogens, allergens, contaminants, pesticides, physical hazards, etc.) or products that are not in line with required or agreed specifications. Compliance risks are further compounded by operational complexities. Gaps in our processes, or those of suppliers and distributors, could lead to non-compliant or unsafe products, mislabeled or contaminated goods, or failures to meet agreed specifications. Supply chain challenges, aging infrastructure, human error, and inadequate hazard controls (e.g., for pathogens, allergens, contaminants, pesticides, or physical hazards) may exacerbate these risks. Such events could potentially harm consumer health and safety and may trigger recalls, regulatory enforcement actions, penalties, lost profits, reputational harm, productivity losses, property damage, personal injury, other liability or litigation. Our contracts often require us to indemnify customers for costs associated with non-compliance events, including penalties, remediation, litigation, and lost sales. Insurance or supplier indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient to cover these liabilities. Additionally, negative publicity, whether based on actual or perceived safety or quality concerns, could immediately impact sales and customer relationships and require substantial resources to restore confidence in our products and brand. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and our results of operations. Failure to comply with environmental protection laws may cause us to close, relocate or operate one or more of our plants at reduced production levels, and expose us to civil or criminal liability, which could adversely affect our operating results and future growth. Our business operations and properties procure, make use of, manufacture, sell, and distribute substances that include known and potentially unknown hazards and are therefore subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to protection of the environment, including air emissions, sewage discharges, the use of hazardous materials, waste disposal practices and clean-up of existing environmental contamination. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any future changes to them may result in significant consequences to us, including the need to pause or cease production, close or relocate one or more of our production facilities, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, fines, sanctions, litigation, costly remediation measures, liability for damages and negative publicity. If we are unable to meet production requirements, we can lose customer orders, which can adversely affect our future 18 Table of Contents growth or we may be required to make incremental capital investments to ensure supply. Idling of facilities or production modifications has caused or may cause customers to seek alternate suppliers due to concerns regarding supply interruptions and these customers may not return or may order at reduced levels even once issues are remediated. If these non-compliance issues occur, we may lose business and may be required to incur capital spending above previous expectations, close a plant, or operate a plant at significantly reduced production levels on a permanent basis, and our operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected. We could be adversely affected by violations, by us or our counterparties, of U.S. or foreign anti-bribery, international trade, anti-corruption, antitrust or competition laws and regulations, applicable sanctions or employment and human rights or employment regulations. The global nature of our business, our size and workforce, the significance of our international revenue, our focus on emerging markets, and our presence in regulated industries expose us to complex domestic and international regulatory challenges and risks associated with global operations. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials to obtain or retain business or secure other commercial advantages. U.S. public companies must also maintain accurate books and records and implement adequate internal accounting controls. Under the FCPA, U.S. companies may be held liable for corrupt actions by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other partners. Failure to comply with the FCPA or similar laws could result in substantial civil or criminal fines and penalties, materially adversely affecting our business, reputation, operating results, and financial condition. We operate and may pursue opportunities in jurisdictions such as China, India, Brazil, Russia, and certain African countries, which present elevated risks of fraud, corruption, and internal control challenges. In certain regions, compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We periodically conduct internal investigations, compliance reviews, and control testing, and implement remedial actions as appropriate to help ensure compliance. Detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-bribery laws is costly, time-consuming, and may divert senior management attention. Allegations of non-compliance could disrupt operations, damage relationships with third parties, and negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. A determination that we violated such laws could result in severe civil or criminal penalties, significant fines, loss of licenses or permits, and reputational harm. Given our global footprint, we also sell certain products to countries subject to U.S. and other jurisdictions’ sanctions under general licenses and authorizations. For example, the U.S., European Union, and other jurisdictions have imposed sanctions and export controls on Russia, Belarus, and occupied regions of Ukraine. As a result, we have restricted exports to these regions to permitted products that meet essential needs. Compliance with sanctions laws is highly technical and requires rigorous oversight. Any inadvertent breach by us, our subsidiaries, or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, antitrust and competition laws and regulations continue to be actively enforced by competition authorities in the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions where we are active. Our failure to comply with competition laws and regulations can expose us to, among other things, high fines, damage actions (including private causes of action), reputation harm, and disruptions to our business, and expose our employees to civil or criminal penalties. See, also “ —Our results of operations may be negatively impacted by legal claims, disputes, investigations and litigation, including the ongoing antitrust and competition investigations and related class action lawsuits. ” Similarly, the enforcement of international trade laws, including duties, tariffs, licensing requirements, anti-boycott, dumping and others is relevant to our broad and worldwide business. Our compliance failures related to any international trade laws or regulations could result in fines, damages, reputational harm and other negative impacts on the financial results of the Company. Finally, our reputation and customer relationships depend in part on compliance by our suppliers, distributors, and other counterparties with ethical employment practices and legal requirements, including those related to child labor, wages and benefits, forced labor, discrimination, workplace safety, and human rights. While we generally expect adherence to our vendor code of conduct, we do not control third parties and cannot guarantee compliance. Failure by counterparties to meet applicable standards could harm our reputation and brand, expose us to litigation, investigations, enforcement actions, monetary liability, and additional costs, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. We rely on patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets to protect our intellectual property rights. We often rely on trade secrets to protect our products, manufacturing processes, extract methodologies and other processes, as this does not require us to publicly file information regarding our intellectual property. From time to time, a third party may claim that we have infringed upon or misappropriated their intellectual property rights, or a third party may infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. We could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions to assert our intellectual property rights against third parties or to defend ourselves from third-party assertions of invalidity, infringement, 19 Table of Contents misappropriation or other claims. Any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from such litigation could require us to obtain a license to continue to use the intellectual property rights that are the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of such intellectual property rights. Any required licensing fees may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. For those intellectual property rights that are protected as trade secrets, this litigation could result in even higher costs, and potentially the loss of certain rights, since we would not have a perfected intellectual property right that precludes others from making, using or selling our products or processes. The ongoing trend among our customers towards more transparent labeling could further diminish our ability to effectively protect our products. We vigilantly protect our intellectual property rights, including trade secrets. We have designed and implemented internal controls intended to restrict access to and distribution of our respective intellectual property. Despite these precautions, our intellectual property is vulnerable to unauthorized access through employee error or actions, theft and cybersecurity incidents, and other security breaches, including due to increasing use of AI tools. See, also “—We are exposed to AI-related risks and opportunities that if we fail to properly manage, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.” Protecting intellectual property related to biotechnology is particularly challenging because theft can be difficult to detect and biotechnology can be self-replicating. Accordingly, the impact of such theft can be significant. For intellectual property rights that we seek to protect through patents, we cannot be certain that these rights, if obtained, will not later be opposed, invalidated or circumvented. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the U.S., the laws of some other countries in which our products are or may be sold may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. For instance, we may be unable to obtain or defend intellectual property rights in new and inventive technology developed in whole or in part by relying on AI tools. If other parties were to infringe on our intellectual property rights, or if our intellectual property rights were the subject of unauthorized access leading to competitive pressure or if a third party successfully asserted that we had infringed on their intellectual property rights, it could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations by, among other things, (i) us being required to cease production and marketing or reducing the price that we could obtain in the marketplace for products which are based on such rights, (ii) increasing the royalty or other fees that we may be required to pay in connection with such rights, (iii) limiting the volume, if any, of such products that we can sell or (iv) resulting in significant litigation costs and potential liability. Changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or changes in existing tax laws could expose us to additional tax liabilities that may affect our future results. We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in liabilities for uncertain tax positions, cost of repatriations or changes in tax laws, regulations, or their interpretation. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We have and will continue to implement transfer pricing policies among our various operations located in different countries. These transfer pricing policies are a significant component of the management and compliance of our operations across international boundaries and overall financial results. Many countries routinely examine transfer pricing policies of taxpayers subject to their jurisdiction, challenge transfer pricing policies aggressively where there is potential non-compliance and impose significant interest charges and penalties where non-compliance is determined. We could suffer significant costs related to one or more challenges to our transfer pricing policies. We are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service, state tax authorities and foreign tax authorities in those countries in which we operate, and may be subject to assessments or audits in the future in any of the countries in which we operate. The final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals, and while we do not believe the results that follow would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, such results could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods in which that determination is made. In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) released the Pillar Two model rules to reform international corporate taxation that aim to ensure that applicable multinationals (global revenue exceeding €750 million) pay a minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15%. The rules are being passed into national legislation based on each country’s approach, and some countries have already enacted or substantively enacted the rules. A framework on Safe Harbours and Penalty Relief was released in 2022 providing details on the transitional reliefs available to businesses over the initial years of Pillar Two implementation. The OECD released administrative guidance in February 2023 aiming to provide clarity over contentious areas of the model rules and aiming to provide greater certainty for businesses impacted by Pillar Two. We continuously evaluate these developments and the potential impact of the Pillar Two framework, subject to legislative adoption by individual countries. In August 2022, the U.S. government enacted legislation commonly referred to as the “Inflation Reduction Act”, which, among other things, imposed a minimum “book” tax on certain corporations effective for taxable years beginning after 20 Table of Contents December 31, 2022 and created a new excise tax on stock repurchases made by certain publicly traded corporations after December 31, 2022. In July 2025, the United States enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) which, among other things, extended key provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and allowed for immediate expensing of certain business expense. Provisions are applicable beginning in 2025 with many provisions applicable beginning in 2026. We continue to evaluate the impact of the OBBBA on our future cash taxes and effective tax rate. Changes in tax laws or regulations, including further developments in connection with the IRA and OBBBA; changes enacted in response to the action items provided by the OECD under Pillar Two, and continued scrutiny on the taxation of large multinational companies all increase tax uncertainty and could impact the Company’s effective tax rate and provision for income taxes. These changes are unpredictable and as such, it is difficult to predict the cumulative effect of such tax laws and regulations on our operating results. The N&B Transaction could result in significant tax liability, and we may be obligated to indemnify DuPont for any such tax liability imposed on DuPont. The 2021 N&B Transaction was a Reverse Morris Trust (“RMT”), treated as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes by Dupont. Dupont received an opinion of counsel that the transaction qualified as a tax-free reorganization. In connection with the N&B Transaction, IFF, N&B, and Dupont entered into a Tax Matters Agreement, a form of which is attached to IFF’s registration statement on Form S-4 (Registration Number 333-238072) (“TMA”). Under the TMA, IFF and N&B are required to indemnify Dupont for any taxes resulting from a “Spinco Tainting Act.” A Spinco Tainting Act is generally any action (or inaction) within our control or under the control of N&B or their affiliates, any event involving our common stock or the common stock of N&B or any assets of N&B or its subsidiaries, or any breach by N&B or any of its subsidiaries of any factual representations, assumptions, or undertakings made by it, in each case, that would affect the non-recognition treatment of the RMT (or other internal reorganizations prior to the N&B Transaction) to Dupont. If we were required to indemnify DuPont under the TMA, this indemnification obligation may be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on us, including with respect to our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we are not indemnified by Dupont for most tax liabilities related to periods prior to the N&B Transaction. Tax liabilities could increase as an outcome of final determination of tax examinations and could adversely impact our financial results. If we fail to comply with data protection laws in the U.S. and abroad, we may be subject to fines, penalties and other costs. Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. This regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to our business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens, restrictions on transfer of personal data, costs and enforcement risks. Many governments have enacted or are enacting new or updated data protection laws, including data localization laws that require personal data to stay within their borders. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements, restrictions on use of personal data, as well as the uncertain interpretation and enforcement of laws, impose significant costs and regulatory risks that are likely to increase over time. Our failure to comply with these evolving regulations or to otherwise protect personal data from unauthorized access, use or other processing, could expose us to litigation claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, investigations, fines, sanctions, penalties and other costs that could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business. 