 The risk factors noted in this section and other factors noted throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, describe certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement and should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business Environment and Industry Our operating results are subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. Our operating results are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership and rental of residential real estate, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation: • fluctuating global and United States economic conditions, uncertainty in financial markets, and geopolitical tensions; • liquidity constraints affecting financial institutions; • changes in national, regional, or local economic, demographic, or real estate market conditions; • changes in job markets and employment levels on a national, regional, and local basis; • declines in the value of residential real estate; • overall conditions in the housing market, including: • executive actions and proposed federal and state legislation or regulations aimed at limiting institutional institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes; • macroeconomic shifts in demand for rental homes; • inability to lease or re-lease homes to residents on a timely basis, on attractive terms or at all; • failure of residents to pay rent when due or otherwise perform their lease obligations; • unanticipated repairs, capital expenditures, weather related damages, or other costs; • uninsured damages; and • increases in property taxes, HOA fees, and insurance costs; • level of competition for suitable rental homes; • terms and conditions of purchase contracts; • costs and time period required to convert acquisitions to rental homes; • changes in the terms or availability of financing that may render the acquisition of any homes difficult or unattractive; • the liquidity of real estate investments, generally; • the short-term nature of most residential leases and the costs and potential delays in re-leasing; • changes in laws and regulations, including those that increase operating expenses or limit our ability to increase rental rates. See “Legal and Regulatory Related Risks — Eviction, tenant rights, rent control, and rent stabilization laws, and other similar laws and/or regulations that limit our ability to collect rent, enforce remedies for failure to pay rent, or increase rental rates may negatively impact our rental income and profitability ; ” • the impact of potential reforms relating to government-sponsored enterprises involved in the home finance and mortgage markets; 21 • rules, regulations and/or policy initiatives by government and private actors, including HOAs, to discourage or restrict the purchase or operation of single-family properties by entities owned or controlled by institutional investors; • the potential effects of climate change, related regulatory policies, legislation, and/or investor responses and expectations, and the transition to a lower-carbon economy; • disputes and potential negative publicity in connection with eviction proceedings; • construction of new supply; • costs resulting from the clean-up of, and liability to third parties for damages resulting from, environmental problems, such as indoor mold; • fraud by borrowers, originators, and/or sellers of secured debt; • undetected deficiencies and/or inaccuracies in underlying mortgage loan documentation and calculations; • casualty or condemnation losses; • the geographic mix of our properties; • the cost, quality, and condition of the properties we are able to acquire; • our development activities which expose us to execution, integration, cost, regulatory, permitting, and land acquisition risks, as well as potential delays, construction challenges, and lower-than-expected returns; • our developer lending program which exposes us to heightened credit, construction, valuation, and execution risks that could result in cost overruns, project delays, insufficient collateral value, or loan losses; and • our ability to provide adequate management, maintenance, and insurance. Any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Many factors impact the single-family rental market; and if rents in our markets do not increase sufficiently to keep pace with rising costs of operations, our income and distributable cash could decline. The success of our business model depends, in part, on conditions in the single-family rental market in which we operate. One of the possible impacts on our results of operations and key operating metrics due to limitations on our ability to increase rental rates could be a decrease in gross rental revenues and other property income. In addition, executive actions and federal and state legislative, regulatory, or policy initiatives, particularly those focused on institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes, could limit our ability to acquire properties, impose additional compliance or operating requirements, or constrain pricing flexibility in certain markets. Our investment strategy is based on assumptions about occupancy levels, rental rates, interest rates, and other factors; and if those assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our cash flows may be reduced. Multiple economic and demographic factors may contribute to increases or decreases in homeownership rates resulting in fluctuating rental rates and average occupancy levels. Revenues earned from our property and asset management services are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that negatively impact rent collections and the performance of the properties we manage. In addition, we expect that if investors like us increasingly seek to capitalize on opportunities to purchase housing assets and convert them to productive uses, competition in the market for the supply of single-family rental properties may increase and could result in a higher cost to acquire those properties. A softening of the rental market in our core areas would reduce our rental revenue and profitability. Inflation and other macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business and financial results. General economic conditions in the United States have continued to fluctuate in recent quarters, and concerns persist regarding adverse macroeconomic conditions, such as fluctuating global and United States economic conditions (including interest rate volatility, political dissension, and labor market conditions). While inflationary pressures have moderated from prior peaks, they remain above historical norms and have adversely affected us by increasing the costs of products, materials, and labor needed to operate our business and could continue to adversely affect us in future periods. The effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years are primarily related to increased operating costs for the procurement of goods and services, compensation of our associates, including benefits, and financing costs in the form 22 of interest expense. Continued inflationary pressures could have a material impact on our results of operations in the future. In an inflationary environment, we may not be able to raise rents sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. High levels of inflation may also negatively impact consumer income and spending, among other factors, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Actions by the government to stimulate the economy may increase the risk of significant inflation, which may also have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. Additionally, volatility in the financial markets and elevated interest rates could affect our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we desire, or need, to do so which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional growth opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future. Mandated and proposed tariffs to be imposed by the United States on imports from certain countries and potential counter-tariffs in response could lead to increased costs and supply chain disruptions. If we are not able to navigate any such changes, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, as well as on the price of our common stock. Increasing property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees may negatively affect our financial results. As a result of our substantial real estate holdings, the cost of property taxes and insuring our properties is a significant component of our expenses. Our properties are subject to real and personal property taxes that may increase as tax rates change and as the real properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. As the owner of our properties, we are responsible for payment of the taxes to the applicable government authorities. If real property taxes increase, our expenses will increase. If we fail to pay any such taxes, the applicable taxing authority may place a lien on the real property and the real property may be subject to a tax sale. Current and potential impacts of climate change along with the increased risk of extreme weather events and natural disasters have caused significant increases in our property insurance premiums and may adversely affect the availability and terms of coverage in the future. See “Risks Related to our Business and Operations — We may suffer losses that are not covered by insurance. ” Additionally, “social inflation” caused the cost of general liability claims to rise at a rate above general economic inflation, primarily due to a trend in increasing litigation costs related to unpredictable jury verdicts for plaintiffs seeking large monetary relief for their injuries. In general, these factors have put pressure on insurance premiums and made it more challenging to obtain appropriate insurance coverage at reasonable rates without the assumption of increasingly higher levels of self-retained risk. In addition, a significant portion of our properties are located within HOAs, and we are subject to HOA rules and regulations. HOAs have the power to increase monthly charges and make assessments for capital improvements and common area repairs and maintenance. Property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees may be subject to significant increases, which can be outside of our control. If the costs associated with property taxes, insurance, or HOA fees and assessments rise significantly and we are unable to increase rental rates due to current market conditions, rent control laws, or other regulations to offset such increases, our results of operations would be negatively affected. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows may be adversely affected by pandemics and outbreaks of infectious disease. A significant outbreak of infectious disease, medical epidemic, or a pandemic may result in a widespread health crisis and may lead to an economic downturn that could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. To the extent our current or prospective residents experience unemployment, deteriorating financial conditions, and declines in household income, resulting from medical epidemics or pandemics, they may be unwilling or unable to pay rent in full on a timely basis or renew or enter into new leases for our homes, and our revenues and operating results could be negatively affected. Measures put in place in response to a pandemic such as temporary eviction moratoriums if certain criteria are met by residents, deferral of missed rent payments without incurring late fees, and restrictions on rent increases may impose restrictions on our ability to enforce residents’ contractual rental obligations and limit our ability to collect and increase rents. 23 The resulting impact from a future pandemic or outbreak of infectious disease on rental revenues and other property income could impact our ability to make all required debt service payments and to continue paying dividends to our stockholders at expected levels or at all. Additionally, the lingering impact of a pandemic and related containment measures may interfere with the ability of our suppliers and other business partners to carry out their assigned tasks or supply materials, products, services, or funding (in the case of our revolving credit facility) at ordinary levels of performance relative to the conduct of our business. A general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions resulting from a pandemic could adversely affect (1) our ability to build, acquire, or dispose of single-family homes on terms that are attractive or at all and (2) the value of our homes and our business such that we may recognize impairment on the carrying value of our investments in single-family residential properties and other assets subject to impairment review, including, but not limited to, goodwill. An economic downturn resulting from a pandemic, and a disruption of, and/or instability in, the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations, including construction and acquisitions, or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis. Disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar widespread public health concerns and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming therefrom, as well as reactions to future pandemics, could also precipitate or aggravate the other risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to our Business and Operations We may not be able to effectively manage our growth, and any failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. We have grown rapidly, assembling a portfolio of 86,192 owned homes as of December 31, 2025, providing property and asset management services to portfolio owners of single-family residential properties, and beginning to construct homes for ourselves and third parties. Our future operating results may depend on our ability to effectively manage our growth, which is dependent, in part, upon our ability to: • stabilize and manage an increasing number of properties and resident relationships across our geographically dispersed portfolio while maintaining a high level of resident satisfaction and building and enhancing our brand; • identify and supervise a number of suitable third parties on which we rely to provide certain services outside of property management to our properties; • attract, integrate, and retain new management and operations associates; and • continue to improve our operational and financial controls and reporting procedures and systems. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to manage our properties or grow our business efficiently or effectively, or without incurring significant additional expenses. Any failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. A significant portion of our costs and expenses are fixed, and we may not be able to adapt our cost structure to offset declines in our revenue. Many of the expenses associated with our business, such as property taxes, insurance, HOA fees, utilities, construction, acquisition, renovation and maintenance costs, and other general corporate expenses are relatively inflexible and will not necessarily decrease with a reduction in revenue from our business. Some components of our fixed assets depreciate more rapidly and require ongoing capital expenditures. Our expenses and ongoing capital expenditures are also affected by continued inflationary pressures, and certain of our cost increases may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period or market. Our rental income is affected by many factors beyond our control, such as the availability of alternative rental housing and economic conditions in our markets. In addition, state and local regulations may require us to maintain properties that we own, even if the cost of maintenance is greater than the value of the property or any potential benefit from renting the property, or pass regulations that limit our ability to increase rental rates. As a result, we may not be able to fully offset rising 24 costs and capital spending by increasing rental rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash available for distribution. We recorded net losses in the past and we may experience net losses in the future. We have recorded consolidated net losses in the past. These net losses were inclusive in each period of significant non-cash charges, consisting primarily of depreciation and amortization expense. We expect such non-cash charges to continue to be significant in future periods and, as a result, we may record net losses in future periods. We are dependent on our executive officers and dedicated associates, and the departure of any of our key associates could materially and adversely affect us. We also face intense competition for the employment of highly skilled managerial, investment, financial, and operational associates. Additionally, our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost increases. We rely on a small number of persons to carry out our business and investment strategies, and the loss of the services of any of our key management associates, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified associates in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, the implementation of our business plan may require that we employ additional qualified associates. Competition for highly skilled managerial, investment, financial, and operational associates is intense. As additional large real estate investors enter into and expand their scale within the single-family rental business, we have faced increased challenges in hiring and retaining associates, and we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such skilled associates. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified associates as required, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, persisting inflation, changing demographics, and changes in employment legislation. High unemployment levels and federal unemployment subsidies may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increased labor costs. In addition, we continue to experience disruptions from workforce turnover due to a scarcity of talent, as businesses compete for personnel, and rising labor costs. Many of our positions require specialized skill sets resulting in a longer than average time period to fill vacant positions. We are also experiencing and may continue to experience additional pressure due to labor shortages associated with the impact of continued elevated demand. If we are unable to retain qualified associates or our labor costs increase significantly, our business operations and our financial performance could be adversely impacted. Our investments are and may continue to be concentrated in our markets and in the single-family properties sector of the real estate industry, which exposes us to seasonal fluctuations in rental demand and downturns in our markets or in the single-family properties sector. Our investments in real estate assets and the investments we manage on behalf of others are and may continue to be concentrated in our markets and in the single-family properties sector of the real estate industry. A downturn or slowdown in the rental demand for single-family housing caused by adverse economic, regulatory, or environmental conditions, or other events, in our markets may have a greater impact on the value of our owned and managed properties or our operating results than if we had more fully diversified our investments. We believe that there are seasonal fluctuations in rental demand with demand higher in the spring and summer than in the late fall and winter. Such seasonal fluctuations may impact our operating results. 25 In addition to global and United States economic conditions, our operating performance will be impacted by the economic conditions in our markets. We base a substantial part of our business plan on our belief that property values and operating fundamentals for single-family properties in our markets will continue to improve over the near to intermediate term. However, these markets have experienced substantial economic downturns in the past and could experience similar or worse economic downturns in the future. We can provide no assurance as to the extent property values and operating fundamentals in these markets will improve, if at all. If an economic downturn in these markets occurs or if we fail to accurately predict the timing of economic improvement in these markets, the value of our properties could decline and our ability to execute our business plan may be adversely affected to a greater extent than if we owned and managed real estate portfolios that were more geographically diversified, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders and cause the value of our common stock to decline. We may not be able to effectively control the timing and costs relating to the renovation and maintenance of our properties, which may adversely affect our operating results and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Most of our properties require some level of renovation either immediately upon their acquisition or in the future following expiration of a lease or otherwise. We may acquire properties that we plan to renovate extensively. We may also acquire properties that we expect to be in good condition only to discover unforeseen defects and problems that require extensive renovation and capital expenditures. To the extent properties are leased to existing residents, renovations may be postponed until the resident vacates the premises at which time the costs of renovating will be incurred. In addition, from time to time, we may perform ongoing maintenance or make ongoing capital improvements and replacements and perform significant renovations and repairs that resident deposits and insurance may not cover. Because the portfolio of homes we own and manage consists of geographically dispersed properties, our ability to adequately monitor or manage any such renovations or maintenance may be more limited or subject to greater inefficiencies than if our properties were more geographically concentrated. Our properties have infrastructure and appliances of varying ages and conditions. Consequently, we routinely retain independent contractors and trade professionals to perform physical repair work and are exposed to all of the risks inherent in property renovation and maintenance, including potential cost overruns, increases in labor and materials costs, delays by contractors in completing work, delays in the timing of receiving necessary work permits, delays in receiving materials, fixtures, or appliances, certificates of occupancy, and poor workmanship. Labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, among other challenges, continue to affect the ability of our associates, suppliers, and other business partners to carry out their assigned tasks, provide services, or supply materials at ordinary levels of performance relative to the conduct of our business. In addition, we are experiencing disruptions from workforce turnover, affecting the renovation and maintenance of our properties, as businesses emerging from the pandemic compete for personnel. Many of our positions require specialized skill sets resulting in a longer than average time period to fill position vacancies. If our assumptions regarding the costs or timing of renovation and maintenance across our properties prove to be materially inaccurate, our operating results and ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. We face significant competition in the leasing market for quality residents, which may limit our ability to lease the single-family homes we own and manage on favorable terms. We depend on rental income from residents for substantially all of our revenues. As a result, our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified residents for our owned and managed properties. We face competition for residents from other lessors of single-family properties, apartment buildings, and condominium units. Competing properties may be newer, better located, and more attractive to residents. Potential competitors may have lower rates of occupancy than we do or may have superior access to capital and other resources, which may result in competing owners more easily locating residents and leasing available housing at lower rental rates than we might offer at our homes. Many of these competitors may successfully attract residents with better incentives and amenities, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain quality residents and lease our single-family properties on favorable terms. Additionally, we may fail to receive certain government subsidies or assistance that we have received in the past, and federal and state legislative or regulatory initiatives could limit or restrict the availability of such subsidies or assistance for our properties, while some competing housing options may qualify for such government subsidies or assistance, which could make the properties of our competitors more accessible and attractive to potential residents than our properties. This competition may affect our ability to attract and retain residents and may reduce the rental rates we are able to charge. 26 In addition, increases in unemployment levels and other adverse changes in economic conditions in our markets may adversely affect the creditworthiness of potential residents, which may decrease the overall number of qualified residents for our properties within such markets. Fluctuating global and United States economic conditions, uncertainty in financial markets, and elevated interest rates may materially negatively impact our residents, and our business could be negatively impacted. We could also be adversely affected by overbuilding or high vacancy rates of homes in our markets, which could result in an excess supply of homes and reduce occupancy and rental rates. Continuing development of apartment buildings, condominium units, and single-family rental communities in many of our markets will increase the supply of housing and exacerbate competition for residents. In addition, laudable government sponsored programs to promote home ownership or executive, legislative, or regulatory initiatives on the federal and state levels that disproportionately affect large institutional owners may encourage potential renters to purchase residences or lease from smaller investors or partnerships rather than from us, thereby causing a decline in the number and quality of potential residents available to us. No assurance can be given that we will be able to attract and retain suitable residents. If we are unable to lease our homes to suitable residents, we would be adversely affected and the value of our common stock could decline. We intend to acquire properties and to engage in development and construction activities from time to time consistent with our investment strategy even if the rental and housing markets are not as favorable as they have been in the recent past, which could adversely impact anticipated yields and returns on our development investments. We intend to continue to acquire properties and pursue development opportunities, including build-to-rent development and third-party fee-building arrangements from time to time consistent with our investment strategy, even if the rental and housing markets are not as favorable as they have been in the recent past. Future acquisitions of properties and development projects may be more costly and have lower yield characteristics than recent past and present opportunities. The following factors, among others, may make acquisitions or development activities more expensive: • improvements in overall economic conditions and employment levels; • greater availability of consumer credit; • improvements in the pricing and terms of mortgages; • the emergence of increased competition for single-family properties and developable land from private investors and entities with similar investment objectives to ours; • tax or other government incentives that encourage homeownership; and • increases in construction costs, including labor, materials, and supplies or delays in construction timelines. A general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions could adversely affect our ability to acquire or dispose of single-family homes or to successfully complete and lease development projects on terms that are attractive or at all, which may be impacted in periods of elevated interest rates. We plan to continue acquiring properties and pursuing development opportunities as long as we believe such properties offer an attractive total return opportunity. Accordingly, future acquisitions and development projects may have lower yield characteristics than recent past and present opportunities and, if such future acquisitions or development activities are funded through equity issuances, the yield and distributable cash per share may be reduced, and the value of our common stock may decline. For additional information regarding risks related to our development and construction activities, see — “ Our expansion into land development and home construction activities exposes us to additional operational and real estate risks, which may adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results.” Competition in identifying and acquiring our properties and in pursuing development opportunities could adversely affect our ability to implement our business and growth strategies, which could materially and adversely affect us. In acquiring our properties and pursuing development opportunities, we compete with a variety of institutional investors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies, 27 and other entities. On a limited basis, when acquiring existing homes through retail channels, we may also compete with individual home buyers and small-scale investors. With respect to our development and construction activities, we also compete with national and regional homebuilders, land developers, and other build-to-rent operators for the acquisition of developable land, finished lots, and lot option contracts, as well as for construction labor, materials, and subcontractor services. Certain of our competitors may be larger in certain of our markets and may have greater financial or other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that may not be available to us. In addition, any potential competitor may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments and may not be subject to the operating constraints associated with qualification for taxation as a REIT, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments or development opportunities. Competition may result in fewer investments, higher prices for both existing homes and developable land, a broadly dispersed portfolio of properties that does not lend itself to efficiencies of concentration, acceptance of greater risk, lower yields and a narrower spread of yields over our financing costs. In addition, competition for desirable investments and development sites could delay the investment of our capital, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and finance investments or development opportunities that are consistent with our investment objectives or to achieve positive investment results, and our failure to accomplish any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us and cause the value of our common stock to decline. We depend on our residents and their willingness to meet their lease obligations and renew their leases for substantially all of our revenues. Poor resident selection, defaults, and non-renewals by our residents may adversely affect our reputation, financial performance, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We depend on rental income from residents for substantially all of our revenues. As a result, our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified residents for our owned and managed properties. Our reputation, financial performance, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders would be adversely affected if a significant number of our residents fail to meet their lease obligations or fail to renew their leases. For example, residents may default on rent payments, make unreasonable and repeated demands for service or improvements, make unsupported or unjustified complaints to regulatory or political authorities, use our properties for illegal purposes, damage or make unauthorized structural changes to our properties that are not covered by security deposits, refuse to leave the property upon termination of the lease, engage in domestic violence or similar disturbances, disturb nearby residents with noise, trash, odors, or eyesores, fail to comply with HOA regulations, sublet to less desirable individuals in violation of our lease, or permit unauthorized persons to live with them. Although collections from residents have improved over the past year compared to recent periods, they have not returned to historical levels and may never fully do so. We may also experience higher resident turnover. Damage to our properties may delay re-leasing, necessitate expensive repairs, or impair the rental income or value of the property resulting in a lower than expected rate of return. Increases in unemployment levels and other adverse changes in economic conditions in our markets could result in substantial resident defaults. In the event of a resident default or bankruptcy, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord at that property and will incur costs in protecting our investment and re-leasing the property. Furthermore, we rely on information supplied by prospective residents in making resident selections, which may in some cases be false. See “— We rely on information supplied by prospective residents in managing our business. ” Our evaluation of properties and development projects involves a number of assumptions that may prove inaccurate, which could result in us paying too much for properties we acquire or development projects we undertake and/or overvaluing our properties or development projects, or our properties or development projects failing to perform as we expect. We are authorized to follow a broad investment policy established by our board of directors and subject to implementation by our management. Our board of directors periodically reviews and updates the investment policy and also reviews our portfolio of residential real estate, but it generally does not review or approve specific property acquisitions or development projects. Our success depends on our ability to acquire properties that can be quickly possessed, renovated, repaired, upgraded, and rented with minimal expense and maintained in quality condition, as well as our ability to successfully manage land acquisition strategies, construction processes, and development timelines for our development 28 activities. In determining whether a particular property or development project meets our investment criteria, we also make a number of assumptions, including, among other things, assumptions related to estimated time of possession and estimated renovation costs and time frames, annual operating costs, market rental rates and potential rent amounts, time from purchase to leasing, and resident default rates. With respect to our development and construction activities, we make additional assumptions, including assumptions related to land acquisition and lot costs, construction cost estimates, availability and cost of labor, materials, and subcontractor services, permitting and entitlement timelines, construction schedules, and projected rental rates and lease-up timing at the time of project completion. These assumptions may prove inaccurate, particularly since the properties that we acquire and the development projects that we undertake vary materially in terms of time to possession, renovation, quality and type of construction, geographic location, and hazards and since development projects are subject to market conditions and cost fluctuations over extended time horizons. As a result, we may pay too much for properties we acquire or land and lots for development and/or overvalue our properties or development projects, or our properties or development projects may fail to perform as anticipated. Adjustments to the assumptions we make in evaluating potential purchases may result in fewer properties or development opportunities qualifying under our investment criteria, including assumptions related to our ability to lease properties we have purchased or developed. Our dependence upon third parties for key services may have an adverse effect on our operating results or reputation if the third parties fail to perform. Though we are internally managed, we use local and national third-party vendors and service providers to provide certain services for our properties and development projects. For example, we typically engage third-party home improvement professionals with respect to certain maintenance and specialty services, such as HVAC, roofing, painting, and floor installations. With respect to our development and construction activities, we rely on general contractors, subcontractors, and other third-party service providers to perform land development, site work, and home construction. Selecting, managing, and supervising these third-party service providers requires significant resources and expertise, and because our portfolio consists of geographically dispersed properties and our development activities occur across multiple markets, our ability to adequately select, manage, and supervise such third parties may be more limited or subject to greater inefficiencies than if our properties and development projects were more geographically concentrated. An overall labor shortage experienced by our vendors, general contractors, subcontractors, and other third-party service providers, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover, or labor inflation, including as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or operating results. We have entered into a multi-year contract with a third-party vendor to provide certain services for our properties. Because of the large volume of services under this contract, only a limited number of companies are capable of servicing our needs on this scale. Accordingly, the inability or unwillingness of this vendor to continue to provide these services on acceptable terms or at all could have a material adverse effect on our business. We generally do not have exclusive or long-term contractual relationships with third-party providers, and we can provide no assurance that we will have uninterrupted or unlimited access to their services. If we do not select, manage, and supervise appropriate third parties to provide these services, our reputation and financial results may suffer. We rely on the systems of our third-party service providers, their ability to perform key operations on our behalf in a timely manner and in accordance with agreed levels of service, and their ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified associates to perform our work. A failure in the systems of one of our third-party service providers, or their inability to perform in accordance with the terms of our contracts or to retain sufficient qualified associates, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Notwithstanding our efforts to implement and enforce strong policies and practices regarding service providers, we may not successfully detect and prevent fraud, misconduct, incompetence, or theft by our third-party service providers. In addition, any removal or termination of third-party service providers would require us to seek new vendors or providers, which would create delays and adversely affect our operations. Poor performance by such third-party service providers may reflect poorly on us and could significantly damage our reputation among desirable residents. In the event of fraud or misconduct by a third party, we could also be exposed to material liability and be held responsible for damages, fines, or penalties and our reputation may suffer. In the event of failure by our general contractors to pay their subcontractors, our properties may be subject to filings of mechanics or materialmen liens, which we may need to resolve to remain in compliance with certain debt covenants, and for which indemnification from the general contractors may not be available. 29 Our reliance on a limited number of third-party digital marketing and lead-generation platforms, including a single dominant platform, exposes us to significant business, financial, and operational risk. We rely heavily on third-party digital marketing and residential listing platforms to generate leasing leads for our homes. A substantial portion of prospective residents are introduced to our properties through a single, widely used third-party platform that plays a significant role in resident search behavior and lead origination. As a result, our ability to attract residents, maintain occupancy levels, and efficiently lease our homes is materially dependent on the continued effectiveness, availability, and commercial terms of that platform. Our reliance on this platform subjects us to risks largely outside of our control, including changes in pricing, algorithms, listing prioritization, data access, advertising formats, contractual terms, or policies governing the display or distribution of our listings. Any adverse changes to these factors could reduce lead volume or quality, increase our marketing and customer acquisition costs, or impair our ability to convert prospects into residents, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. In addition, the platform may prioritize its own interests or those of competitors, including by favoring certain listings, business models, or service offerings, or by entering into strategic relationships that disadvantage us. We generally do not control how prospective residents interact with or are directed by the platform, and we may have limited ability to influence changes that negatively impact our visibility or performance. Our dependence on this platform also exposes us to operational and reputational risks arising from service disruptions, system outages, cybersecurity incidents, data integrity issues, or reputational harm suffered by the platform itself. Any interruption in the platform’s operations or loss of consumer trust could materially reduce leasing activity for our homes. While we seek to diversify our marketing channels and invest in alternative lead-generation strategies, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so effectively or on commercially reasonable terms, or that alternative channels would generate comparable lead volume or efficiency. If our relationship with this platform were terminated, materially altered, or became significantly more costly or less effective, we may not be able to replace the lost leads in a timely or cost-effective manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and ability to execute our growth strategy. We are subject to certain risks associated with bulk portfolio acquisitions and dispositions. We have acquired and disposed of, and may continue to acquire and dispose of, properties we acquire or sell in bulk from or to other owners of single-family homes, banks, and loan servicers. When we purchase properties in bulk, or if we were to acquire properties through an auction process, we often do not have the opportunity to conduct interior inspections or conduct more than cursory exterior inspections on a portion of the properties, if at all. Such inspection processes may fail to reveal major defects associated with such properties, which may cause the amount of time and cost required to renovate and/or maintain such properties to substantially exceed our estimates. The costs involved in locating and performing due diligence (when feasible) on portfolios of homes as well as negotiating and entering into transactions with potential portfolio sellers could be significant, and there is a risk that either the seller may withdraw from the entire transaction for failure to come to an agreement or the seller may not be willing to sell us the bulk portfolio on terms that we view as favorable. In addition, a seller may require that a group of homes be purchased as a package even though we may not want to purchase certain individual assets in the bulk portfolio. Bulk portfolio acquisitions are also more complex than single-family home acquisitions, and we may not be able to implement this strategy successfully. Upon acquiring a new home, we may have to evict residents who are in unlawful possession before we can secure possession and control of the home. Moreover, to the extent the management and leasing of such properties has not been consistent with our property management and leasing standards, we may be subject to a variety of risks, including risks relating to the condition of the properties, the credit quality and employment stability of the residents, and compliance with applicable laws, among others. In addition, financial and other information provided to us regarding such portfolios during our due diligence may be inaccurate, and we may not discover such inaccuracies until it is too late to seek remedies against such sellers. To the extent we pursue such remedies, we may not be able to successfully prevail against the seller in an action seeking damages for such inaccuracies. If we conclude that certain individual properties purchased in bulk portfolio sales do not fit our target 30 investment criteria, we may decide to sell, rather than renovate and lease, such properties, which could take an extended period of time and may not result in a sale at an attractive price. From time to time we engage in bulk portfolio dispositions of properties consistent with our business and investment strategy. With respect to any such disposition, the purchaser may default on payment or otherwise breach the terms of the relevant purchase agreement, and it may be difficult for us to pursue remedies against such purchaser or retain or resume possession of the relevant properties. To the extent we pursue such remedies, we may not be able to successfully prevail against the purchaser. Our expansion into land development and home construction activities exposes us to additional operational and real estate risks, which may adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. As part of our growth strategy, we completed the acquisition of ResiBuilt and expanded our platform to engage in the development and construction of single-family rental homes and communities, including through build-to-rent development and third-party fee-building arrangements. These activities involve substantial up-front costs, operational complexity, and execution risk, and require us to successfully manage land acquisition strategies, construction processes, and development timelines before homes are available for rent and to generate income. Our development and construction strategy may also be restricted by governmental regulations and zoning requirements that limit the locations, density, or types of homes we are able to build. Building rental homes and rental communities also involves significant risks to our business, such as delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet regulatory requirements, including permitting and zoning regulations, failure of lease rentals on newly-constructed properties to achieve anticipated investment returns, inclement weather, adverse site selection, unforeseen site conditions or shortages of suitable land, construction materials, and labor, and other risks. We may be unable to build new rental homes and rental communities that generate acceptable returns, and, as a result, our growth and results of operations may be adversely impacted. The successful integration of ResiBuilt’s operations, personnel, systems, and development pipeline into our organization is subject to execution risk. We may encounter challenges in retaining key personnel, aligning development standards and processes, managing increased operational scale, or realizing anticipated benefits from the acquisition. If we are unable to effectively integrate these operations or manage expanded development activities, our growth strategy, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. Although the ResiBuilt acquisition includes options to acquire approximately 1,500 lots, no land was acquired in the transaction, and there can be no assurance that we will exercise these options on favorable terms, if at all. The availability, timing, and economics of future lot acquisitions remain subject to market conditions, entitlement risk, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers, inflation in land prices, zoning and density restrictions, and other regulatory approvals, many of which are outside of our control. If we are unable to secure suitable lots at acceptable prices, exercise lot options on favorable terms, or experience delays in land acquisition or development, the number of homes we are able to construct and lease, or the scale of our development activities, could be limited, which could adversely affect our growth, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our developer lending program exposes us to additional credit, construction, operational, and valuation risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results . We have launched a developer lending program pursuant to which we provide financing to experienced homebuilders for the development of single-family rental communities that may serve as future acquisition opportunities. Construction and development lending subjects us to risks that differ from those associated with our traditional acquisition activities, including the risk that borrowers may be unable to complete projects on schedule or within budget, experience financial distress, or default on their obligations. We are dependent on the financial strength, operational capacity, and performance of third-party developers, and our exposure may be concentrated among a limited number of borrowers, amplifying these risks. Construction and development financing presents inherent uncertainty in estimating project costs, timelines, and values upon completion. Projects may be delayed, exceed budget, or fail to achieve expected performance due to changes in housing demand, labor and material costs, permitting requirements, weather conditions, or other factors beyond our control. Loans on land under development pose additional risk because of the lack of income being produced by the property and the potential illiquid nature of the collateral. These risks can be significantly impacted by supply and demand. Construction loans also require active and ongoing monitoring, including cost reviews and on-site inspections, which are complex and costly. 31 Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will acquire any financed communities on favorable terms or at all. If these risks materialize, we may experience loan losses, reduced returns, or adverse effects on our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Our strategy to acquire homes from third-party homebuilders could subject us to significant risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results, and the strategy may be restricted by governmental regulations and zoning requirements. We expect to continue entering into contracts with homebuilder counterparties for the acquisition of new homes. Pursuant to these contracts, homes will be delivered to us pursuant to a negotiated delivery schedule. We have made commitments for future fundings, and there can be no assurance that funding will be available to us for such purposes. Additionally, if home values decline subsequent to when we entered into contracts with homebuilder counterparties, we may not be able to adjust our contractual acquisition prices to reflect the decreased home values. This strategy depends on the performance of our counterparties and the ability of homebuilders to develop new homes specifically for our purchase. We rely on builder counterparties to acquire land suitable for residential building in our markets and to deliver quality homes at reasonable prices in a timely manner, in accordance with agreed to specifications. A failure of builder counterparties to perform in accordance with the terms of our agreements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, homebuilder counterparties may experience financial distress, insolvency, or bankruptcy, which could result in failure to deliver contracted homes, delays in construction, loss of deposits, or our inability to realize anticipated returns on committed capital. Further, poor performance by homebuilder counterparties may reflect poorly on us and could damage our reputation. Governmental laws, regulations, and zoning requirements may be imposed that restrict our ability to purchase homes from third-party homebuilders that are intended for rental purposes in areas where we would like to invest. Managing newly constructed communities presents specific risks to our business, such as the inability to lease newly-constructed rental homes at anticipated rates, resulting in underperformance of investment returns. Factors such as adverse site selection, inclement weather delaying construction or occupancy, and other risks can exacerbate these challenges. Failure to achieve occupancy or rental income targets for newly constructed communities may adversely impact our growth and results of operations. Unoccupied homes could be difficult to lease, which could adversely affect our revenues. Newly constructed homes acquired through our homebuilder partnerships or built through our ResiBuilt platform are typically delivered without residents in place. These properties, as well as existing unoccupied homes we acquire, may remain vacant longer than anticipated, and we may own multiple unoccupied homes in close geographic proximity to one another. We may not be successful in locating residents to lease the individual properties that we acquire or build as quickly as we had expected, or at all. Even if we are able to place residents as quickly as we had expected, we may incur vacancies in the future and may not be able to re-lease those properties without longer than assumed delays, which may result in increased renovation and maintenance costs and opportunity costs from lost revenues. Unoccupied homes may also be at risk for fraudulent activity which could impact our ability to lease a home. As a result, if vacancies continue for a longer period of time than we expect or indefinitely, we may suffer reduced revenues, incur additional operating expenses and capital expenditures, and our homes could be substantially impaired, all of which may have a material adverse effect on us. We rely on information supplied by prospective residents in managing our business. We evaluate prospective residents in a standardized manner through the use of a third-party resident screening vendor partners. Our resident screening process includes obtaining appropriate identification, a thorough evaluation of credit history and household income, a review of the applicant’s rental history, and a background check for criminal activity. We make leasing decisions based on information in rental applications completed by a prospective resident and screened by our third-party partners, and we cannot be certain that this information is accurate. Additionally, these applications are submitted to us at the time we evaluate a prospective resident, and we do not require residents to provide us with updated information during the terms of their leases, notwithstanding the fact that this information can, and frequently does, change over time. For example, increases in unemployment levels or adverse economic conditions in certain of our markets may adversely affect 32 the creditworthiness of our residents in such markets. Even though this information is not updated, we will use it to evaluate the characteristics of our portfolio over time. If resident-supplied information is inaccurate or our residents’ creditworthiness declines over time, we may make poor or imperfect leasing decisions and our portfolio may contain more risk than we believe. Our leases are relatively short-term, exposing us to the risk that we may have to re-lease our properties frequently, which we may be unable to do on attractive terms, on a timely basis, or at all. Substantially all of our new leases have a duration of one to two years. As such leases permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term, we anticipate our rental revenues may be affected by declines in market rental rates more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. Short-term leases may result in high turnover, which involves costs such as restoring the properties, marketing costs, and lower occupancy levels. Our resident turnover rate and related cost estimates may be less accurate than if we had more operating data upon which to base such estimates. If the rental rates for our properties decrease or our residents do not renew their leases, our operating results and ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. In addition, a portion of our potential residents are represented by leasing agents and we may need to pay all or a portion of any related agent commissions, which will reduce the revenue from a particular rental home. Alternatively, to the extent that a lease term exceeds one year, we may lose the opportunity to raise rents in an appreciating market and be locked into a lower rent until such lease expires. We may not have control over timing and costs arising from renovating our properties, and the cost of maintaining rental properties can be higher than the cost of maintaining owner-occupied homes, which will affect our results of operations and may adversely impact our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Renters impose additional risks to owning real property. Renters do not have the same interest as an owner in maintaining a property and its contents and generally do not participate in any appreciation of the property. Accordingly, renters may damage a property and its contents, and may not be forthright in reporting damages or amenable to repairing them completely, or at all. A rental property may need repairs and/or improvements after each resident vacates the premises, the costs of which may exceed any security deposit provided to us by the resident when the rental property was originally leased. Accordingly, the cost of maintaining rental properties can be higher than the cost of maintaining owner-occupied homes, which will affect our results of operations and may adversely impact our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We periodically review the value of our properties to determine whether their value, based on market factors, projected income, and generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”), has permanently decreased such that it is necessary or appropriate to take an impairment loss in the relevant accounting period. Such a loss would cause an immediate reduction of net income in the applicable accounting period and would be reflected in a decrease in our balance sheet assets. Even if we do not determine that it is necessary or appropriate to record an impairment loss, a reduction in the intrinsic value of a property would become manifest over time through reduced income from the property and would therefore affect our earnings and financial condition. Our participation in joint venture investments may limit our ability to invest in certain markets, and we may be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on joint venture partners’ financial condition, and disputes between us and our joint venture partners. We currently, and may in the future, co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture, or other entity. These joint ventures may be subject to restrictions that prohibit us from making other investments in certain markets until all of the funds in such partnership, joint venture, or other entity are invested or committed. In addition, we may also not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture, or other entity, and our joint venture partners could take actions that are not within our control. Such actions could, among other things, impact our ability to maintain our status as a REIT. Further, investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other 33 entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Joint venture partners may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments also may have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor our partners would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and our partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. Consequently, actions by, or disputes with, any of our joint venture partners might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of any of our third-party partners or co-venturers. We provide property management and other services on a contractual basis to co-investors in certain of our joint ventures that invest in single-family rental properties. These services include marketing, leasing, maintenance, renovation, accounting, transaction management, and financial markets services. Our exposure to liabilities in connection with such property management activities could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. We may suffer losses that are not covered by insurance. We attempt to ensure that our properties are adequately insured to cover casualty losses. However, there are certain losses, including losses from floods, fires, earthquakes, wind, hail, pollution, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, certain environmental hazards, and security breaches for which we may self-insure or which may not always or generally be insured against because it may not be deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. Changes in the cost or availability of insurance could expose us to uninsured casualty losses. In particular, a number of our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to increased earthquake activity, fires, or wind and/or flood risk. For example, in 2024, various parts of the United States and our properties in Texas, Florida, Atlanta, and the Carolinas were impacted by Hurricanes Beryl, Debby, Helene, and Milton, as well as by wildfires in California and other geographies. Any and all such severe weather events may be exacerbated by global climate change, resulting in increased insurance premiums and deductibles, or a decrease in the availability of coverage. See “Risks Related to Sustainability, Corporate Responsibility, and Governance — We are subject to risks from natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires, and severe weather .” While we have annual policies for earthquakes, hurricane, and/or flood risk, our properties may nonetheless incur casualty losses that are not fully covered by insurance. In such an event, the value of the affected properties would be reduced by the amount of any such uninsured loss, and we could experience a significant loss of capital invested and potential revenues in such properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt associated with such properties. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors might also keep us from using insurance proceeds to replace or renovate a particular property after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds we receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position in the damaged or destroyed property. Any such losses could adversely affect us and cause the value of our common stock to decline. There can be no assurance that we are adequately insured to protect against potential casualty losses and liabilities, and we may elect to self-insure against certain potential losses, accept higher deductibles, utilize an insurance captive, or reduce the amount of coverage in response to excessive insurance premium increases. In addition, we may have no source of funding to repair or reconstruct the damaged home, and we cannot assure that any such sources of funding will be available to us for such purposes in the future. We may have difficulty selling our real estate investments, and our ability to distribute all or a portion of the net proceeds from any such sale to our stockholders may be limited. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and, as a result, we may have a limited ability to sell our properties. When we sell any of our properties, we may recognize a loss on such sale. We may elect not to distribute any proceeds from the sale of properties to our stockholders. Instead, we may use such proceeds for other purposes, including: • purchasing additional properties; • repaying debt or buying back stock; • creating working capital reserves; or 34 • making repairs, maintenance, or other capital improvements or expenditures to our remaining properties. Our ability to sell our properties may also be limited by our need to avoid the 100% prohibited transactions tax that is imposed on gain recognized by a REIT from the sale of property characterized as dealer property. For example, we may be required to hold our properties for a minimum period of time and comply with certain other requirements in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or dispose of our properties through a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”), in which case we will incur corporate level tax on any net gains from such dispositions. We may encounter challenges in effectively providing the professional property and asset management services we offer to owners of single-family home portfolios on a contractual basis. Our failure to effectively perform professional property and asset management functions or to effectively manage the expanded portfolio of properties we manage could materially and adversely affect us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage a significant increase in the number of properties we manage. The potential difficulties we may encounter in providing professional property and asset management services may include, without limitation: • our inability to effectively perform the property and asset management services at the level and/or the cost that we anticipate or as a result of a failure to allocate sufficient resources to meet those needs; • our inability to manage the complexities associated with hiring and retaining key personnel required to provide property and asset management services to the increased number of properties we manage as we grow; • integrating additional regulatory and legal compliance controls and financial reporting practices and controls into our business; • failure to have received comprehensive diligence regarding the properties or existing tenants that we manage, which may have impaired our assessment of the engagement; • potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses associated with property and asset management; and • performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management’s attention caused by a significant increase in the number of properties we manage. For all these reasons, it is possible that providing professional property and asset management services could result in the distraction of our management or inconsistencies in our operations, services, standards, controls, policies, and procedures, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We may not be able to operate our business successfully or generate sufficient cash flows to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. If we are unable to operate our business successfully, we would not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders, and stockholders could lose all or a portion of the value of their ownership in our common stock. Our ability to successfully operate our business and implement our operating policies and investment strategy depends on many factors, including: • our ability to effectively manage construction, renovation, maintenance, marketing, and other operating costs for our properties, or delays in construction timelines; • economic conditions in our markets, including changes in employment and household earnings and expenses, as well as the condition of the financial and real estate markets and the economy, in general; • our ability to maintain high occupancy rates and target rent levels; • the availability of, and our ability to identify, attractive acquisition or land development opportunities consistent with our investment strategy; • our ability to compete with other investors entering the single-family rental industry and other developers of single-family rental homes and communities; 35 • costs that are beyond our control, including title litigation, litigation with residents or tenant organizations, legal compliance, property taxes, insurance, HOA fees, and construction and renovation costs, including labor, materials, and supplies; • executive actions and legislative, regulatory, or policy initiatives, particularly those focused on institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes, that could limit our ability to acquire properties, impose additional compliance or operating requirements, or constrain pricing flexibility in certain markets; • judicial and regulatory developments affecting landlord-tenant relations that may affect or delay our ability to dispossess or evict occupants or increase rental rates; • reversal of population, employment, or homeownership trends in our markets; and • interest rate levels and volatility, which may affect the accessibility of short-term and long-term financing on desirable terms. In addition, we face significant competition in acquiring attractive properties on advantageous terms, and the value of the properties that we acquire may decline substantially after we purchase them. Legal and Regulatory Related Risks Executive actions and proposed federal and state legislation or regulations aimed at limiting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes could materially adversely affect our business, growth strategy, and results of operations. Federal, state, and local policymakers have increasingly focused on housing supply and availability, including scrutiny of institutional ownership of single-family residential properties. Recent executive actions and policy initiatives reflect increased federal and state focus on this area and direct the development of legislative, regulatory, or executive measures on the federal and state levels that could restrict, discourage, or prohibit large institutional investors from acquiring or owning single-family homes or financing the acquisition or the operation of single-family homes with federal or government-sponsored enterprises and impose additional reporting obligations, financing limitations, or operational restrictions. These actions and initiatives include a recent executive order directing federal agencies and government-sponsored enterprises to define the attributes of an “institutional investor” (potentially including attributes that we are likely to exhibit) and to take actions that could limit or condition institutional participation in the acquisition or financing of certain single-family homes (with potential narrowly-tailored exceptions for single-family homes developed or acquired through build-to-rent channels), restrict the use of federal or government-sponsored funds to finance such single-family home acquisitions or operations, increase disclosure and compliance requirements, and subject institutional ownership, acquisition, and operating practices for local single-family rental markets to enhanced regulatory review. The administration has also indicated its intent to pursue legislation that could codify or expand such measures. If enacted or expanded, such measures could limit our ability to acquire additional homes, require us to modify our growth, investment, capital deployment, development, and/or disposition strategies, reduce the scale or efficiency of our operations, increase compliance costs, subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny, or otherwise adversely affect our business model. Even if such proposals are not fully implemented or are later modified, the policy landscape in this area continues to evolve. Although we are committed to working constructively with policymakers at all levels to support housing supply and availability, there can be no assurance that such engagement will result in favorable policy outcomes or prevent the adoption of measures that could adversely affect our business. The introduction of executive actions, federal and state legislation, or regulatory initiatives affecting large institutional investors and the additional regulatory scrutiny could create uncertainty, affect market dynamics, reduce the availability of acquisition opportunities on economically favorable terms or at all, adversely affect investor sentiment, increase volatility in our common stock, or otherwise negatively impact our business. Any limitations on our ability to acquire, finance, own, or operate single-family rental properties, increased regulatory or disclosure obligations, or adverse enforcement outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and the value of our common stock. 36 Compliance with existing governmental laws, regulations, and covenants (or those that may be enacted in the future) that are applicable to the properties we own and manage on behalf of others, including affordability covenants, permit, license, and zoning requirements, and federal executive actions and potential federal and state legislation aimed at limiting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes may adversely affect our ability to make future acquisitions, renovations, or dispositions, result in significant costs, delays, or losses, and adversely affect our growth strategy. Rental homes are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permitting, licensing, and zoning requirements, some of which may conflict with one another or have limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. In light of continuing federal, state, and local attention on housing supply and availability, there is considerable uncertainty regarding how executive actions, policy initiatives, and potential legislation, along with existing laws, judicial orders, and regulatory frameworks, could affect large institutional investors in single-family rental markets. Additionally, disparity between federal and state regulations increases the likelihood of heightened state regulatory risk, as compliance with federal standards may not fully align with more stringent or divergent state-level requirements. Brokerage of real estate leasing transactions and the provision of property management services require us and certain of our associates to maintain applicable licenses in each state in which we perform these services. If we and our associates fail to maintain our licenses, conduct these activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines or return commissions received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, restrictions, and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers may restrict our or the use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials or community standards organizations at any time with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring any of our properties or when undertaking renovations of any of our existing properties. Among other things, these restrictions may relate to fire and safety, seismic, asbestos-cleanup, or hazardous material abatement requirements. Such local regulations may cause us to incur additional costs to renovate or maintain our properties in accordance with the particular rules and regulations. Additionally, state and local agencies may place affordability covenants on certain properties to ensure that they are used to provide affordable housing for persons or families of lower income. If any of our properties contain affordability covenants recorded in their chains of title, we will be forced to sell such properties at a maximum price 