” for more information. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Ingersoll Rand Inc. is a diversified, global provider of mission-critical flow creation products, and industrial and life science solutions. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ingersoll Rand Inc. and its majority-owned subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as “Ingersoll Rand,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or “ourselves”). Our Company We are a global market leader with a broad flow creation and industrial product portfolio across air, gas, powder, and liquid handling applications, providing services and solutions to increase industrial and life science productivity, efficiency, and sustainability. We manufacture one of the broadest and most complete ranges of compressor, pump, vacuum and blower products in our markets, which, when combined with our global geographic footprint and application expertise, allows us to provide differentiated product and service offerings to our customers. Our products are sold under more than 90 market-leading brands, including Ingersoll Rand and Gardner Denver, which we believe are globally recognized in their respective end-markets and known for product quality, reliability, efficiency and superior customer service. We are driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and ownership mindset, dedicated to helping make life better for our employees, customers, the planet, and our shareholders. These attributes, along with over 165 years of engineering heritage, generate strong brand loyalty for our products and foster long-standing customer relationships, resulting in leading market positions within each of our operating segments. We have sales in all major geographic markets and our diverse customer base utilizes our products across a wide array of end-markets, including life sciences, food and beverage production, clean energy, industrial manufacturing, infrastructure, water and wastewater treatment, and many others. Our products and services are critical to the processes and systems in which they are utilized, which are often complex and for which the cost of failure or downtime is high. However, our products typically represent only a small portion of the costs of the overall systems or functions that they support. As a result, our customers place a high value on our application expertise, product reliability, and the responsiveness of our service. To support our customers and market presence, we maintain significant global scale with over 60 key manufacturing facilities, and over 50 complementary service and repair centers across six continents and over 21,000 employees worldwide as of December 31, 2025. The process-critical nature of our product applications, coupled with the standard wear and tear replacement cycles associated with the usage of our products, generates opportunities to support customers with our broad portfolio of services, spare parts, and consumables. Customers place a high value on maximizing the time their operations are online, reducing their operating expenses, and improving the sustainability of their processes. As a result, the availability of replacement parts, consumables and our repair and support services are key components of our value proposition. Our large installed base of products provides a 3 Table of Content recurring revenue stream through our aftermarket parts, consumables and services offerings. As a result, our aftermarket revenue is significant, representing 36.5% of total Company revenue in 2025. Our Segments Industrial Technologies and Services We design, manufacture, market and service a broad range of air and gas compression and treatment equipment, vacuum and blower products, fluid transfer equipment, loading systems, power tools and lifting equipment, and other specialized equipment including associated aftermarket parts, consumables and services. We primarily sell under the Ingersoll Rand, Gardner Denver, Nash, CompAir, Elmo Rietschle, and over 35 other brands. Our customers deploy our products across a wide array of applications in diverse end-markets. Compressors are used to increase the pressure of air or gas, vacuum products are used to remove air or gas in order to reduce the pressure below atmospheric levels, and blower products are used to produce a high volume of air or gas at low pressure. Almost every manufacturing and industrial facility, and many service and process industry applications, use air compression, vacuum and blower products in a variety of process-critical applications such as the operation of pneumatic tools, pumps and motion control components, air and gas separation, vacuum packaging of food products and aeration of waste water, among others. Our vacuum pumps and compressors are used in many power generation, mining, oil and gas refining and processing, chemical processing and general industrial applications including flare gas and vapor recovery, geothermal gas removal, vacuum deaeration, water extraction in mining and paper, and chlorine compression in petrochemical operations. Our engineered loading systems and fluid transfer equipment ensure the safe handling and transfer of crude oil, liquefied natural gas, compressed natural gas, chemicals, and bulk materials. Our power tools and lifting equipment portfolio includes electric and cordless fastening systems, pneumatic bolting tools, drilling and material removal tools, hoists, winches and ergonomic handling devices. Typical applications for these products include the precision fastening of bolted joints in the production, assembly and servicing of industrial machinery, on-highway and off-highway vehicles, aircraft, electronics and other equipment. Our compression products cover the full range of technologies, including rotary screw, reciprocating piston, scroll, rotary vane and centrifugal compressors. Our vacuum products and blowers also cover the full technology spectrum; vacuum technologies include side channel, liquid ring, claw vacuum, screw, turbo and rotary vane vacuum pumps among others, while blower technologies include rotary lobe, screw, claw and vane, side channel and radial blowers. We complement these products with a broad portfolio of service options tailored to customer needs and a complete range of aftermarket parts, air treatment equipment, controls and other accessories delivered through our global network of manufacturing and service locations and distributor partners. The breadth and depth of our product offering creates incremental business opportunities by allowing us to cross-sell our full product portfolio and uniquely address customers’ needs in one complete solution. We sell our products through an integrated network of direct sales representatives and independent distributors, which is tailored to meet the dynamics of each target geography or end-market. Our large installed base also provides for a significant stream of recurring aftermarket revenue. For example, the useful life of a compressor is, on average, between 10 and 12 years, and requires service at regular intervals, beginning at the time of installation and continuing throughout the life of the product. The cumulative aftermarket revenue generated by a compressor over the product’s life cycle will typically exceed its original sale price. Precision and Science Technologies We design, manufacture and market a broad range of highly-specialized equipment for both industrial and life sciences markets. Our products are used for precision dosing, liquid and solid transfer, dispensing, gas compression, gas sampling, pressure management, flow control, and powder handling, amongst other applications. Major categories of our portfolio are (a) pumps and liquid handling systems and (b) life science tools and systems. Within pumps and liquid handling systems, our offering covers a broad range of pump and flow control technology types. This includes diaphragm pumps, piston pumps, water-powered pumps, peristaltic pumps, gear pumps, vane pumps, progressive cavity pumps, syringe pumps, gas boosters, hydrogen compression systems, automated liquid handling systems, odorant injection systems, controls, software and other related components and accessories. These offerings are sold under brands that are highly recognized in their end markets including Air Dimensions, Albin, ARO, Dosatron, Haskel, Ingersoll Rand, LMI, Maximus, Milton Roy, MP, Oberdorfer, Seepex, Thomas, Welch, Williams, YZ and Zinsser Analytic. Within life science tools and systems, our primary offerings include single-use powder and liquid handling systems and isolators for disposable process and containment applications, and contract design and productions for services for silicone, thermoplastic, and specialty components and assemblies for medical devices. These offerings are sold primarily under the ILC Dover and Flexan brands. We also manufacture space suits, inflatable habitats, and lighter-than-air vehicles for human mobility and habitation and defense applications. Our customer base is composed of a 4 Table of Content wide range of end users in markets including life sciences, industrial manufacturing, water and waste water, chemical processing, energy, food and beverage, agriculture and others. Our sales are realized primarily through a combination of independent specialty and national distributors and relationships directly with original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”), Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) companies and end users. Recent Developments Recent Acquisitions The Company continued its focus on generating inorganic growth through acquisitions that strengthen our position in core product categories and broaden our exposure to high-growth, sustainable end markets. We completed or announced the acquisition of several businesses during 2025, including the following: • In February 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of SSI Aeration, Inc. (“SSI”) for cash consideration of $97.8 million. The business is a manufacturer of wastewater treatment plant equipment. The acquisition will enable Ingersoll Rand to combine several technologies like low pressure compressors with SSI’s aeration offerings to provide a comprehensive, end-to-end solution. • In July 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Termomeccanica Industrial Compressors S.p.A. (“TMIC”) and its subsidiary Adicomp S.p.A. (“Adicomp”) (collectively “TMIC/Adicomp”) for cash consideration of $193.2 million. TMIC is an international leader in the design and production of air and gas compressors and its subsidiary Adicomp provides engineered-to-order solutions in the renewable natural gas industry. Refer to Note 3 “Acquisitions” to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for further discussion of our acquisitions. Capital Allocation Share Repurchases We repurchased $1,018.0 million of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2025, including $1,007.4 million of repurchases under our share repurchase program. Dividends on Common Stock The Company paid cash dividends on our common stock of $31.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2025. Our Industries and Products Industrial Technologies and Services Our Industrial Technologies and Services segment designs, manufactures, markets and services a broad range of air compression, vacuum and blower products across a wide array of technologies, as well as other specialized industrial products. Compression, vacuum and blower products are used in a wide spectrum of applications in nearly all manufacturing and industrial facilities and many service and process industries in a variety of end-markets, including clean energy, life sciences, food and beverage production, general manufacturing, infrastructure, and others. Compression Products Sales to industrial end-markets include industrial air compression products, as well as associated aftermarket parts, consumables and services. Industrial air compressors compress air used to power machinery, industrial tools, material handling systems and automated equipment. Compressed air is also used in applications as diversified as snow making and fish farming, on high-speed trains and in hospitals. Compressors can be either stationary or portable, depending on the requirements of the application. We focus on five primary types of air compression technologies: rotary screw, reciprocating piston, scroll, rotary vane and centrifugal compressors. Rotary screw compressors (available in both oil-free and contact-cooled options) are well-suited for continuous processes due to their high reliability, compact size, and favorable noise profile. We believe our reciprocating piston compressors provide one of the broadest ranges of pressures in the market and are supported by increasing demand across wide-ranging attractive end-markets. Scroll compressors are commonly specified when oil-free air is needed, as in many medical, pharmaceutical, and food production applications. Rotary vane compressors feature high efficiency, compact compression technology and can be found throughout all sectors of industry, including automotive, food and beverage, energy and 5 Table of Content manufacturing with specialized solutions within transit, gas and snow making. Centrifugal compressors are most effective when in applications that demand larger quantities of oil-free air and are utilized across a wide range of industries. Vacuum Products Industrial vacuum products are integral to manufacturing processes in applications for packaging, pneumatic conveying, drying, holding / lifting, distillation, evacuation, forming / pressing, removal and coating. Within each of these processes are a multitude of sub-applications. As an example, within packaging, a vacuum will be used on blister packaging, foil handling, labeling, carton erection, stacking and palletizing (placing, stacking or transporting goods on pallets), as well as central vacuum supply for entire packaging departments. We focus on five basic types of vacuum technologies: side channel, liquid ring, claw vacuum, screw and rotary vane vacuum pumps. Side channel vacuum pumps are used for conveying gases and gas-air mixtures in a variety of applications, including laser printers, packaging, soil treatment, textiles and food and beverage products. Liquid ring vacuum pumps are used for extreme conditions, which prevail in humid and wet processes across ceramics, environmental, medical and plastics applications. Claw vacuum pumps efficiently and economically generate contact-free vacuum for chemical, environmental and packaging applications. Screw vacuum pumps are a dry running technology used to reduce the carbon footprint and life cycle costs in drying and packaging applications. Rotary vane vacuum pumps are used for vacuum and combined pressure and vacuum applications in the environmental, woodworking, packaging and food and beverage end-markets. Blower Products Blower products are used for conveying high volumes of air and gas at various flow rates and at low pressures, and are utilized in a broad range of industrial and environmental applications, including waste water aeration, biogas upgrading and conveying, pneumatic transport and dehydrating applications for food and beverage, cement, pharmaceutical, petrochemical and mobile industrial applications. In many cases, blowers are a core component for the operation of the entire end-users’ systems. We focus on several key technologies within blower products: rotary lobe, screw, claw and vane, turbo, side channel and radial blowers. Rotary lobe blowers, screw blowers and claw and vane blowers are highly durable and versatile positive displacement technologies that generate consistent air or gas flow across a range of operating conditions and discharge pressures. Turbo blowers and side channel and radial blowers are dynamic technologies that accelerate gas or air through a rotating impeller and transform their kinetic energy at the discharge with some limitation on flexibility. Precision and Science Technologies The Precision and Science Technologies segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of niche fluidics, liquid and powder handling solutions for the life sciences, food and beverage, water and wastewater, general manufacturing, chemical processing, clean energy, aerospace, and other end markets. Primary technologies include positive displacement pumps, automated liquid handling systems, and single-use powder and liquid handling and containment systems. Positive Displacement (PD) Pumps Positive displacement pumps are essential to highly specialized flow applications across many industries. We are a market leader in positive displacement pumps, covering the main technology types including diaphragm, vane, piston, progressive cavity, peristaltic and gear. In the life sciences end-market, our gas and liquid pumps are used for a wide range of applications, such as aspirators, blood analyzers, compression therapy, dialysis machines, gas monitors, ventilators, and scientific instrumentation within in vitro diagnostics and R&D laboratories. In the water and environmental end-market, our pumps and related equipment are used for water treatment in municipal and industrial facilities such as in dosing and sludge transfer. In agriculture, our pumps are used for nutrient and medicine dosing to livestock, plants and medicinals. Finally in the general industrial end-market, our pumps and accessories serve a broad range of niche applications such as in the handling of abrasive or chemically active fluids. Controls and Software Equipment controls and software are of increasing importance in our flow control applications for both the optimization of current systems as well as to enable the Industrial Internet of Things (“IIoT”) evolution. In the agriculture market, we sell controllers and software that monitor and control the main functions within livestock and greenhouse facility operations with the benefit of reducing cost and improving yield. In natural gas pipelines and distribution, we sell monitoring devices connected to cloud-based software for real time monitoring of odor injection pumping systems, which enhances safety and reduces costs. Similarly, on our positive displacement progressive cavity sludge pumps, we sell monitoring devices and cloud-based software 6 Table of Content for real-time pump health and performance monitoring, which prevents costly downtime in water treatment plants as well as in industrial installations. Robotics Our automated liquid handling products, which includes syringe pumps and accessories, are integrated into large-scale, automated liquid handling systems used within clinical, pharmaceutical and environmental applications. These automated systems provide accurate and efficient dosing, sampling and handling of critical fluids at increasingly ultra-low flow levels, which are required in lab and life science applications. Powder and Liquid Handling and Containment Systems The safe and efficient handling of high-value and high-potency powders and liquids is essential for the global production of biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical products. We manufacture a leading range of single-use powder handling solutions, single-use liquid bags, isolators, and other related products for large and small molecule workflow applications from weigh and dispense to fill and finish. Competition Industrial Technologies and Services The industrial end-markets we serve are competitive, with an increasing focus on product quality, performance, energy efficiency, customer service and local presence. Although there are several large manufacturers of compression, vacuum and blower products, the marketplace for these products remains highly fragmented due to the wide variety of product technologies, applications and selling channels. Our principal competitors in sales of compression, vacuum and blower products include Atlas Copco, Flowserve, IDEX Corporation, Kaeser Compressors, Kaishan Group Co., Ltd. and Elgi Equipments Limited. Precision and Science Technologies Competition in the markets served by our Precision and Science Technologies segment is primarily based on product quality and performance, as most products must be qualified by the customer for a particular use. Further, there is an increasing demand for more efficient healthcare solutions, which is driving the adoption of premium and high performance systems. Our primary competitors include Dover, Graco, IDEX Corporation, KNF Neuberger, Netzsch, NOV, Sartorius, SPX Flow, Thermo Fisher Scientific, and Watson-Marlow, as well as other regional and local manufacturers. Customers and Customer Service We consider superior customer service to be one of our primary pillars of future success and view it as being built upon a foundation of critical application expertise, an industry leading range of compressor, pump, vacuum and blower products, a global manufacturing and sales presence and a long-standing reputation for quality and reliability. Intense customer focus is at the center of our vision of becoming the industry’s first choice for innovative and application-critical flow creation equipment, services and solutions. We strive to collaborate with our customers and become an essential part of their engineering process by drawing on our deep industry and application engineering experience. We have established strong and long-standing customer relationships with numerous industry leaders. We sell our products directly to end-use customers and to certain OEMs, EPCs (engineering, procurement, and construction firms) and indirectly through independent distributors and sales representatives. We use a direct sales force to serve many end-use customers and OEMs who require higher levels of technical assistance, more coordinated shipment scheduling and more complex product service than customers that purchase through distributors. We have distribution centers and warehouses that stock parts, accessories and certain products to provide adequate and timely availability. In addition to our direct sales force, we are committed to developing and supporting our global network of distributors and representatives who provide a competitive advantage in the markets and industries we serve. These distributors maintain an inventory of complete units and parts and provide aftermarket services to end-users. While most distributors provide a broad range of products from different suppliers, we view our distributors as exclusive at the product category level (e.g. compressor, vacuum and blower). For example, a distributor may exclusively carry our compressor technologies, and also source additional components of the broader industrial system in which those products operate from other suppliers. Our service personnel and product engineers provide the distributors’ service representatives with technical assistance and field training, particularly with respect to installation and repair of equipment. We also provide our distributors with sales and product literature, advertising 7 Table of Content and sales promotions, order-entry and tracking systems and an annual restocking program. Furthermore, we participate in major trade shows and directly market our offerings to generate sales leads and support the distributors’ sales personnel. Our customer base is diverse, and we did not have any customer that individually provided more than 10% of 2025 consolidated revenues. Patents, Tradenames, and Other Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. While in the aggregate our more than 2,000 patents and our tradenames are of considerable importance to the manufacture and marketing of many of our products, we believe that the success of our business depends more on the technical competence, creativity and marketing abilities of our employees than on any individual patent or tradename, and therefore we do not consider any single patent or tradename, group of patents or tradenames, copyright or trade secret to be material to our business as a whole, except for the Ingersoll Rand and Gardner Denver tradenames. We have registered our tradenames in the countries we deem necessary or in our best interest. We also rely upon trade secret protection for our confidential and proprietary information and techniques, and we routinely enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees as well as our suppliers and other third parties receiving such information. Pursuant to tradename license agreements, Cooper Industries has exclusive rights to use the Gardner Denver tradename for certain power tools and their components, meaning that we are prevented from using this mark in connection with those products. Raw Materials and Suppliers We purchase a wide variety of raw materials to manufacture our products. Our most significant commodity exposures are to cast iron, aluminum and steel. Additionally, we purchase a large number of motors and, therefore, are also exposed to changes in the price of copper, which is a primary component of motors. Most of our raw materials are generally available from a number of suppliers. We have a limited number of long-term contracts with some suppliers of key components, but we believe that our sources of raw materials and components are reliable and adequate for our needs. In response to recent tightness in the supply chain and in order to improve continuity of supply, for select materials and components, we have expanded our supplier network in areas we have historically sole sourced. We continue to use single sources of supply for certain castings, motors and other select engineered components. A disruption in deliveries from a given supplier could therefore have an adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to our customers. Nevertheless, we believe that we have appropriately balanced this risk against the cost of maintaining a greater number of suppliers. Moreover, we have sought, and will continue to seek, cost reductions in purchases of materials and supplies by consolidating purchases and pursuing alternate sources of supply. Human Capital Management At Ingersoll Rand, we recognize that what sets us apart is our talented employees combined with our ownership mindset that empowers and engages all employees. The passion, innovation and commitment of our team drives our incredible results, and we believe that our commitment to a safe, respectful, inclusive environment where all employees have the ability to be heard, impact change and develop and grow is what drives our employees. As of December 31, 2025, we had over 21,000 employees, with approximately 6,100 of them working in the United States. Works councils and collective bargaining units represent a significant number of employees outside the United States, while approximately 370 employees in the United States are represented by labor unions. We believe that we maintain satisfactory relations with our employees. To ensure the effectiveness of our human capital management practices, we evaluate various metrics, including voluntary turnover and engagement. In 2025, the voluntary turnover rate was 8.1% and 7.8% for hourly and salaried employees, respectively. In 2024, the voluntary turnover rate was 8.5% and 7.4% for hourly and salaried employees, respectively. We are committed to employee empowerment, engagement and development as a standard part of our employee experience. Annually, our functions and businesses complete a multi-year strategy and financial plan. We then conduct strategic talent reviews and succession planning in support of the strategic plan. From that strategy, company objectives are finalized and communicated from the Chief Executive Officer to initiate yearly objectives and development plans for all salaried employees at the beginning of each calendar year. Team-specific objectives are also cascaded during this time. Throughout the year, we assess our talent against their performance to stated objectives and the competencies and behaviors they exhibited while executing their goals. Our performance management and development planning processes ensure we execute high quality and thoughtful objectives, development plans, and mid-year and year-end reviews that reinforce the importance of continuous improvement over time. Throughout the year, we provide training resources and materials to support both employees and managers. We track the completion of each phase through our human resources system. 8 Table of Content Competitive Pay, Benefits and Equity Our compensation and benefits philosophy is centered on two key fundamentals: (1) building long-term value for our stockholders, and (2) driving employee engagement and retention. We are committed to providing competitive pay, benefits, and equity that are valuable and meaningful to our employees. We provide a competitive total compensation package with a significant portion designed to foster a culture of ownership. We continue to offer our Ownership Works program to grant equity to all eligible new and acquired employees regardless of level in the organization. It is our goal to foster an environment where employees can think and act like owners. Belonging and Engagement Ingersoll Rand is committed to upholding an inclusive and engaging environment where all employees can succeed. Our values of “We foster inspired teams” and “We think and act like owners” drives us to maintain a culture that gives voice and opportunity to all employees and enhances a sense of belonging. We expect everyone to uphold these values with humility, integrity, and respect. We focus on attracting the best talent from all backgrounds, ensuring employees are engaged, have a strong sense of belonging, and have opportunities to develop and grow. We understand that achieving our objectives requires a continuous focus on talent attraction, retention, engagement and development. By prioritizing these areas, we are confident in our ability to cultivate a workforce that is not only highly skilled but also reflects our global community. We collaborate with universities, key industry, and professional organizations, such as Disability IN, the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, National Black MBA Association and Women in Manufacturing, to recruit early and mid-level talent. These partnerships help us build a top talent pipeline. Talent Development and Employee Engagement We are dedicated to supporting our employees’ growth and development. We provide many development opportunities for early career employees, including global internships, engineering, marketing, and manufacturing career programs. We continuously strive to enhance our workforce’s technical, professional, and leadership capabilities at every level. Our leadership development programs are designed to promote inclusion as a core development principle and a professional skill. We offer skill-based programs to upskill our manufacturing employees to meet the industry’s ever-changing demands. In addition, we successfully deliver an executive-level program called “Lead Like an Owner” to establish the standard of leadership and build succession at the top of the organization. To support the development of our employees, we have various resources and programs in place to facilitate their growth and progress. Our offerings align with our values and strategies, reflected in our competencies. We offer both instructor-led and online learning content globally. By offering each and every employee opportunities to learn and grow and an ownership stake in the Company, we have built one of the most engaged workforces in our industry. In May 2025, our Connections Engagement survey achieved an 88% participation rate, resulting in an engagement score of 81. This places Ingersoll Rand again in the top 10% of manufacturing organizations surveyed. In addition, our survey questions scored above the manufacturing benchmark collected by our engagement survey partner, with our essential employee satisfaction measure ranking two points above the top 10% manufacturing average. Our continually strong employee engagement is also driven by our ownership mindset and our employees’ perspective that Ingersoll Rand is “my company.” We provide equity grants to all employees, whether they join as new hires or through acquisition, after one year of service. This, along with our solid strategy, strong values, and clear expectations, has given us strong engagement and a competitive edge. Because of the investments we have made in our employees, we continue to receive external recognition for being a great place to work. Accolades include winning Great Place to Work in the United States and in several Latin American countries. Through our Human Capital Management activities, we reflect our value of “We foster inspired teams.” We nurture and celebrate a culture that embraces diverse points of view, backgrounds, and experiences and truly empower our employees as owners. Environmental Matters We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the storage, handling, emission and disposal of materials and discharge of materials into the environment. We believe our existing environmental control procedures are adequate and we have no current plans for substantial capital expenditures in this area. We have an 9 Table of Content environmental policy that confirms our commitment to a clean environment and compliance with environmental laws. We have an active environmental management program aimed at complying with existing environmental regulations and reducing the generation of pollutants in the manufacturing processes. We are also subject to laws concerning the cleanup of hazardous substances and wastes, such as the U.S. federal “Superfund” and similar state laws that impose liability for cleanup of certain waste sites and for related natural resource damages. We have been identified as a potentially responsible party with respect to several sites designated for cleanup under the “Superfund” or similar state laws. See “