” and “Risk
Management and Internal Control System”).
The Company is aware of the invitation the Italian Corporate Governance Committee has addressed to issuers with a non-Italian home country,
but listed in Italy, to evaluate and consider the adoption of the corporate governance code sponsored by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (which manages
Euronext Milan, where the Company's Common Shares are listed) and compliance with its recommendations. For the time being, Iveco Group
believes that compliance with the recommendations of the DCGC (including in terms of disclosure) enables Iveco Group to fully respond to
investors’ demands for high corporate governance standards, consistency with international best practice, and transparency. On the other hand,
the DCGC addresses substantially the same concerns as the Italian corporate governance code, whilst better fitting with the Company’s Dutch
legal structure and corporate operation.
GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
Consistently with the DCGC, shareholders through their general meeting (the “General Meeting”) play a fully-fledged role in the governance of the
Company and its system of checks and balances. In addition, Iveco Group is committed to maintaining an open and constructive dialogue with its
shareholders (and potential shareholders) also outside the context of formal General Meetings, and an ad-hoc policy (available on the Company
website at www.ivecogroup.com) has been adopted to this end.
At least one General Meeting shall be held every year, within six months after the close of the prior financial year. General Meetings shall also be
held in the situations referred to in Dutch law (including at the request of shareholders solely or jointly representing at least 10% of the Company’s
issued share capital) and as often as the Board of Directors, the Chairperson, the Senior Non-Executive Director or the Chief Executive Officer
deems it necessary to hold them. General Meetings shall be held in Amsterdam or Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol Airport) and shall be called in such
manner as is required to comply with applicable regulations, not later than on the forty-second day prior to the meeting. All convocations of
meetings of shareholders and all announcements, notifications, and communications to Company shareholders shall be made by means of an
announcement on the Company’s website and such announcement shall remain accessible until the relevant meeting of shareholders. The notice
shall state the place, date, and hour of the meeting and the agenda of the meeting as well as the other information required by law. Any
communication to be addressed to the General Meeting by virtue of law or the Articles of Association may be either included in the notice or, to
the extent provided for in such notice, on the Company’s website and/or in a document made available for inspection at the office of the Company
and such other place(s) as the Board of Directors shall determine.
The agenda of the General Meeting shall contain, inter alia, the following items:
a. the adoption of the Company’s annual accounts;
b. the policy of the Company on additions to reserves and on dividends, if any;
c. if applicable, the proposal to pay a dividend;
d. the granting of discharge to the members of the Board of Directors in respect of the performance of their duties in the relevant financial year;
e. the annual appointment of Directors and the external auditors;
f.

an advisory vote in respect of the remuneration report;

g. every four years, the Company's Remuneration Policy;
h. discussion of any substantial change in the corporate governance structure of the Company;
i.

any matters decided upon by the person(s) convening the meeting and any matters placed on the agenda with due observance of applicable
Dutch laws.

An item proposed in writing by one or more shareholders representing solely or jointly at least 3% of the Company’s share capital shall be
included in the agenda, provided that the Company has received the request, including the reasons for putting the relevant item on the agenda,
no later than the sixtieth day before the day of the General Meeting.
Board Report Corporate Governance 201

Persons with the right to vote or attend General Meetings shall be considered those persons who have these rights at the twenty-eighth day prior
to the day of the meeting (the “Record Date”), irrespective of whether they will have these rights at the date of the meeting. In addition to the
Record Date, the notice of the meeting shall state how Company shareholders and other parties with voting rights may have themselves
registered and how those rights can be exercised, either directly or through a proxy duly authorised in writing. For the avoidance of doubt, such an
attorney is also authorised in writing if the proxy is documented electronically.
Each share (whether common or special voting) shall confer the right to cast one vote. Votes can be cast at the meeting in person or through
proxies or in advance of the meeting via the web procedure made available on the Company’s website. All resolutions shall be passed with an
absolute majority of the votes validly cast unless otherwise specified; blank votes shall not be counted as votes cast. Shares in respect of which
the law determines that no votes may be cast shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the proportion of shareholders voting, present
or represented, or the proportion of the share capital present or represented. No voting rights shall be exercised in the General Meeting for shares
owned by the Company or by a subsidiary of the Company.
The General Meeting shall be presided over by the Senior Non-Executive Director or, in their absence, by the person chosen by the Board of
Directors to act as chair for such meeting. The chair of the meeting shall decide on the admittance of persons other than those who are entitled to
attend and may determine the time for which those who are permitted to attend may speak, if they consider this desirable with a view to the
orderly conduct of the meeting. The Board shall provide the General Meeting with all requested information, unless this would be contrary to an
overriding interest of the Company; in case, the Board must provide shareholders with details of the relevant interest.
One of the persons present and designated for that purpose by the chair of the meeting shall act as secretary and take minutes of the business
transacted. The minutes shall be made available to the shareholders no later than three months after the end of the meeting, after which the
shareholders shall have the opportunity to react in the following three months. The minutes shall then be adopted and confirmed by the chair of
the meeting and the secretary and signed by them in witness thereof. If an official notarial record is made of the business transacted at the
shareholders’ meeting, then minutes need not be drawn up and it shall suffice that the official notarial record is signed by the notary.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Responsibilities and composition
The Company has a one-tier board structure comprising Executive Directors (in charge of overseeing the Company's day-to-day operations) and
Non-Executive Directors (who supervise the Executive Directors' performance of duties and the Company's general affairs and business,
rendering advice and directions to the Executive Directors). The Board as a whole is accountable for the performance of its duties to the General
Meeting, that appoints all its members for a period of approximately one year, such period expiring on the day the first annual general meeting
(AGM) is held in the following calendar year. The General Meeting has the power to suspend or dismiss any member of the Board at any time.
The Board may perform all acts necessary or useful for achieving the Company’s objectives, with the exception of those acts that are prohibited
by law or by the Articles of Association; Dutch law provides that resolutions of the Board involving major changes in the Company’s identity or
character are subject to the approval of the General Meeting. The Board’s responsibilities include, among other things, developing a view on longterm value creation by the Company, determining the Company’s strategy and risk management policy, ensuring compliance with legislation and
regulations and the corporate governance structure of the Company, as well as publishing the information required under applicable law and the
DCGC. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Board may allocate its duties and powers among the Directors pursuant to the Board
Regulations (see below), provided that the following duties and powers may not be allocated to the Executive Directors: (i) supervising the
performance of the Executive Directors, (ii) making a nomination for the appointment of Directors, (iii) determining an Executive Director’s
remuneration and (iv) recommending to the General Meeting the appointment of an auditor to audit the financial statements. Regardless of any
allocation of tasks, all members of the Board remain collectively responsible for the proper management and strategy of the Company (including
supervision thereof in case of Non-Executive Directors).
The chair of the Board of Directors as referred to by law and the DCGC is a Non-Executive Director, with the title of Senior Non-Executive
Director, while the title of Chairperson as referred to by the Articles of Association is reserved to an Executive Director. The general authority to
represent the Company is vested in the Board, as well as in each of the Executive Directors to whom the title Chairperson or Chief Executive
Officer has been granted. Accordingly, the Board initially appointed Lorenzo Simonelli as Senior Non-Executive Director, Suzanne Heywood as
Chairperson, and Gerrit Marx as Chief Executive Officer. As Mr. Marx subsequently left the Company, Mr. Persson (who had been appointed a
Non-Executive Director by the AGM on 17 April 2024) replaced him as acting CEO starting from 1 July 2024.
The Board shall consist of three or more Directors, appointed individually and on an annual basis, and the number of Executive and NonExecutive Directors shall be determined by the Board, ensuring an appropriate balance between their respective numbers. The composition of the
Non-Executive Directors is such that they will be able to operate independently and critically with respect to one another, the Executive Directors,
and any other particular interest involved. Moreover, out of the Non-Executive Directors independent ones have an essential role in protecting the
interests of all stakeholders: in the assessment of its members’ independence, the Board abides by the criteria set forth by the DCGC. The
independent Directors’ contribution is welcome and necessary for the proper composition and functioning of the Board committees, too, whose
advisory functions include preliminary examination and formulation of proposals and recommendations relating to areas of potential risk.
According to the guidelines on its composition (available on the Company website at www.ivecogroup.com), and in full consistency with the
Company’s overall Policy on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (see below), the Board of Directors is composed of individuals who bring the
appropriate skills and experience needed for a company of Iveco Group (IVG) size, geographic distribution and business focus, as the Company
Board Report Governance Statement 202

believes that bringing different perspectives into the Boardroom creates more effective discussions. Considering the specific characteristics,
cultural background, experience, and skillset of its members, the Board of Directors believes it has the appropriate diversity mix, independence
and judgment to fulfil its responsibilities, execute its duties appropriately and have a good understanding of the current affairs and long-term risks
and opportunities related to the Company’s business. The Company also believes that women and men should each represent at least one-third
of the members of the Board of Directors. As of 31 December 2024 this goal was achieved (the goal here is maintaining this gender diversity rate
while managing retirement and vacancies). On 31 December 2024, no member of the Board exceeded the maximum number of positions allowed
by Dutch law for Dutch large companies.
Directors’ Bios
▪

Suzanne Heywood
Chairperson
Date of first appointment: 1 January 2022.
Born in 1969, British citizenship.
Suzanne Heywood became a Managing Director of Exor N.V. (the diversified investment holding company listed on Euronext Amsterdam
and qualifying as IVG’s major shareholder) in 2016 and was appointed as its Chief Operating Officer in November 2022.
Prior to that she worked at McKinsey & Company which she joined as an associate in 1997 and left as a Senior Partner (Director) in
2016. She co-led McKinsey’s global service line on organisation design for several years and also worked extensively on strategic issues
with clients across different sectors. She started her career in the UK Government as a Civil Servant in the UK Treasury. At the Treasury
she worked as Private Secretary to the Financial Secretary (who is responsible for all direct taxation issues) as well as leading thinking on
the Government’s privatization policy and supporting the Chancellor in his negotiations at ECOFIN (the meeting of European Finance
Ministers) in Brussels.
Lady Heywood is Chair of CNH Industrial N.V. (the world-class agriculture, construction and services company listed on NYSE), of Shang
Xia (a Chinese private luxury company) and of Quartz Associates (a small, private consulting group). She is also a non-executive Director
of Christian Louboutin (one of the leading names in global luxury), The Economist (a leading source of analysis on international business
and world affairs) and Clarivate Plc. (a leading global provider of transformative intelligence listed on NYSE) and a member of the UK
Investment Council. She has published several books and grew up sailing around the world for ten years with her family on the schooner
Wavewalker.
She studied science at Oxford University (BA) and then at Cambridge University (PhD). In 2023 she achieved a specialization certificate
in Google Cybersecurity.
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• CNH Industrial N.V.
• Clarivate Plc.

▪

Olof Persson
Chief Executive Officer
Date of first appointment: 1 January 2022.
Born in 1964, Swedish citizenship.
Olof Persson started his career at ABB, a global technology leader in electrification and automation, where he held various positions. In
2014 he was appointed Division President of Bombardier Transportation, one of the world's largest rail transport companies. In 2006, he
joined Volvo Group as President first of Volvo Aero and subsequently of Volvo Construction Equipment (2008). In 2011 he was named
President and CEO of the Volvo Group, a role that he held for four years. In 2015 he was appointed Senior Operating Executive at
Cerberus Capital Management.
Mr. Persson is currently Chairman of the Board of New Wave Group AB, a Swedish growth company that designs, acquires and develops
brands and products in the corporate, sports, gifts and home furnishings sectors, listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap Index.
In 2022 he joined the Board of Iveco Group as an Independent Director when the Group listed on Euronext Milan. In April 2024 the
Company announced that Olof Persson would succeed Gerrit Marx as Group CEO, effective 1 July 2024.
Mr. Persson holds a Bachelor of Business Administration, BBA – Ekonomi 1988, from Karlstad's University.
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• New Wave Group AB.

▪

Lorenzo Simonelli
Senior Non-Executive Director
Date of first appointment: 1 January 2022.
Born in 1973, Italian, British, Swiss and American citizenship.
Board Report Governance Statement 203

Lorenzo Simonelli is the Chairman, President and CEO of Baker Hughes Company, an energy technology company that combines
innovation, expertise and scale to provide solutions for energy and industrial customers worldwide. In October 2017 he was named
Chairman of the Board of Baker Hughes, and has been President and CEO since the Company’s creation in 2017, where he oversaw the
successful merger of GE Oil & Gas with Baker Hughes Inc. In 2013 he was appointed President and CEO of GE Oil & Gas.
Previously, Mr. Simonelli served as President and CEO of GE Transportation, a global transportation leader in the rail, mining, marine and
energy storage industries. During his five-year tenure, he expanded and diversified GE Transportation by focusing on advanced
technology manufacturing, intelligent control systems and a diverse approach to new propulsion solutions. He served as Chief Financial
Officer for the Americas for GE Consumer & Industrial, as well as General Manager, Product Management for GE Appliances, Lighting,
Electrical Distribution and Motors. Lorenzo Simonelli joined GE’s Financial Management Program in 1994, where he worked on
assignments in GE International, GE Shared Services, GE Oil & Gas and Consolidated Financial Insurance. He also served on the Board
of C3.ai, Inc. (2020 - 2021) and on the Board of CNH Industrial N.V. (2019 - 2021).
He qualifies as independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.
Mr. Simonelli graduated in Business & Economics from Cardiff University, Wales and received a master’s degree honoris causa in
Chemical Sciences from the University of Florence, Italy.
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• Baker Hughes Company.
▪

Judy Curran
Non-Executive Director
Date of first appointment: 17 April 2024.
Born in 1961, American citizenship.
Judy Curran is an accomplished senior automotive executive with 35 years of experience and leadership within the automotive / mobility /
engineering / technology fields. She has an in-depth understanding of the Transportation industry and is familiar with Tech and Software
topics.
Currently, she is responsible for the Automotive Strategy at ANSYS Inc., probably the largest engineering simulation company worldwide.
Before joining ANSYS as Chief Technologist Automotive, Ms. Curran held several executive positions at Ford Motor Company, with
growing responsibilities up to the role of Director of Technology Strategy (2014-2018). Her career at Ford started in 1986 after an initial
experience at United Technologies as an Engineer on engine fuel control systems.
She has served on several boards and presently sits in the board of Forvia SE (an automotive technology group based in France and
listed on Euronext Paris), where she is a member of the Audit Committee.
She qualifies as independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.
Ms. Curran holds a Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering/Computer Software from Lawrence Technological University (USA) and a
Master of Science, Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan (USA).
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• Forvia SE

▪

Tufan Erginbilgic
Non-Executive Director
Date of first appointment: 1 January 2022.
Born in 1959, British and Turkish citizenship.
Tufan Erginbilgic has a background in engineering and has built his career in international business with over 20 years with BP, five years
as part of its executive team. He held a number of senior roles at BP, including CEO of Lubricants, BP and Castrol; Chief of Staff to the
Group CEO; and Chief Operating Officer of the downstream business, becoming its CEO in 2014 until 2020.
Since 1 January 2023, he has been Group Chief Executive Officer of Rolls-Royce plc, that develops and delivers complex power and
propulsion solutions for safety-critical applications in the air, at sea and on land.
Mr. Erginbilgic held several non-executive directorships in heavy industry and manufacturing. These include aerospace technology group
GKN; energy, healthcare technology group DCC plc; and energy company Turkiye Petrol Rafinerileri A.S (Tupras). He was also partner in
Global Infrastructure Partners, a private equity firm focused on large-scale investments in infrastructure businesses.
He qualifies as independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.
Mr. Erginbilgic has a BSc in engineering, a Master of Business Administration degree and an MA in economics.
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• Rolls-Royce plc.

Board Report Governance Statement 204

▪

Essimari Kairisto
Non-Executive Director
Date of first appointment: 1 January 2022.
Born in 1966, Finnish and German citizenship.
Essimari Kairisto was the Chief Financial Officer and a Board Director for Hochtief Solutions AG (an engineering-led global infrastructure
solutions provider, listed in Germany) until 2016 after which she has taken on independent consulting roles. Prior to her move to Hochtief
Solutions in 2013, Ms. Kairisto had several highprofile roles in finance and general management including at Sasol, RWE and
Schlumberger. Until June 2024, she was member of the Supervisory Board as well as member of Audit Committee of Applus Services
S.A.
Essimari Kairisto is Vice Chair of TenneT Holding B.V. (a Dutch state-owned leading European electricity transmission system operator
with its main activities in the Netherlands and Germany) and Chair of its Audit Committee, Vice Chair of Fortum Oyj (a clean energy
generation and distribution company listed on the Helsinki stock exchange, with the Finnish State as majority shareholder) and Chair of its
Audit and Risk Committee, Supervisory Board Member and member of the Audit Committee of Freudenberg SE (the privately owned
German technology company), member of the Supervisory Board and Chair of the Audit Committee of Fugro N.V. (a world leading Geodata specialist that supports clients in mitigating risks during design, construction and operation of their assets), member of the
Supervisory Board of MCF Corporate Finance GmbH (a German privately owned M&A and debt advisory).
She qualifies as independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.
Ms. Kairisto holds a diploma in Business Administration from the University of Fachhochschule Bielefeld (Germany).
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• Fortum Oyj.
• Fugro N.V.

▪

Linda Knoll
Non-Executive Director
Date of first appointment: 1 January 2022.
Born in 1960, American citizenship.
After a decade of supply chain and program management experience in the land systems division of General Dynamics, Linda Knoll
honed her career in the predecessor companies of CNH Industrial, which she joined in 1994.
There she accumulated a wealth of industrial experience in agricultural operations with a variety of leadership roles (including VicePresident and General Manager of the Crop Production Global Product Line, Vice President North America Agricultural Industrial
Operations, Executive Vice-President Agricultural Product Development, President Parts and Service - ad interim - and Executive VicePresident Worldwide Agricultural Manufacturing). Starting in 2007 Ms. Knoll then served as Chief Human Resources Officer and member
of the Group Executive Council until her retirement in 2019. Since 2011 she held these same positions in the car manufacturer Fiat then
FCA too, finally serving in FCA only up to the company's merger with PSA and formation of Stellantis (2021).
Linda Knoll currently (since 2014) serves as director at Schneider Electric SE (global specialist in energy management and automation),
and Astec Industries Inc. (a leading manufacturer of equipment for asphalt road building, aggregate processing, and concrete production).
She chairs the Human Capital and Compensation Committee at both companies.
She qualifies as independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.
Ms. Knoll holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from Central Michigan University.
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• Astec Industries Inc.
• Schneider Electric SE.

▪

Alessandro Nasi
Non-Executive Director
Date of first appointment: 1 January 2022.
Born in 1974, Italian citizenship.
Alessandro Nasi started his career as a financial analyst in several banks, gaining experience at Europlus Asset Management, a division
of Unicredit in Dublin, Ireland, PricewaterhouseCoopers in Turin, Italy, Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan in New York, U.S. He also worked as
an Associate in the Private Equity Division of JP Morgan Partners in New York, U.S.
In 2005 Mr. Nasi joined Fiat Group as manager of Corporate and Business Development, heading the APAC division and supporting Fiat
Group sectors in Asia Pacific. In 2007, he was appointed Vice President of Business Development and a member of the Steering
Committee of Fiat Powertrain Technologies. In 2008, he joined CNH in the role of Senior Vice President of Business Development and
he also served as Senior Vice President of Network Development (2009 - 2011). In January 2011, he was appointed Secretary of the
Board Report Governance Statement 205

Industrial Executive Council of Fiat Industrial, continuing in the role of Executive Coordinator to the successor Group Executive Council of
CNH Industrial until January 2019. In 2013 he was appointed President Specialty Vehicles, a role he held until January 2019.
Currently, he is a Director of Exor N.V. (the diversified investment holding company listed on Euronext Amsterdam and qualifying as
IVG's major shareholder and of CNH Industrial N.V. (the world-class agriculture, construction and services company listed on NYSE),
Chairman of Comau Group S.p.A. (formerly Comau S.p.A. a worldwide leader in delivering advanced industrial automation products and
systems), Chairman of Iveco Defence Vehicles S.p.A. and of Astra Veicoli Industriali S.p.A. (affiliates of Iveco Group) and Chairman of
GVS S.p.A. (a global Group that produces highly technological diversified filtration solutions). He is a member of the Lego 4G Advisory
Board and, since May 2024, Director of KIRKBI A/S (the holding and investment company owner of the Lego Group). He is a member of
the Board of Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia and of the Strategic Advisory Board of 3 Boomerang Capital LLC. Mr. Nasi holds a degree in
Economics from the University of Turin.
External directorships in publicly listed companies (as of 31 December 2024):
• Exor N.V.
• CNH Industrial N.V.
• GVS S.p.A.
Meetings
Regular meetings shall be held according to the long-term calendar determined by the Board annually, based on the standard scheduling of
activities and including consistent meetings of the Board's committees. In addition, special meetings of the Board shall be held whenever it is
deemed convenient, including by direction of a majority of the Directors then in office. The Board of Directors can only transact business if a
majority of the Directors in office and not disqualified from voting shall be present or represented by a co-member at such meeting. If at any
meeting a quorum is not present, a majority of the Directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than
adjournment at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. The vote of the majority of the Directors present at any quorate meeting shall be the
act of the Board; if there is a tie in a vote, the relevant resolution shall be deemed rejected. The Board is authorised to adopt resolutions without
convening a meeting if all Directors have expressed their opinions in writing, and none has objected to the resolution being adopted in this way.
In additions to actions without meeting, the Board met six times during 2024. The following chart shows the Board members in charge at year-end
and their attendance at Board meetings.
Board
member

Heywood

Persson

Curran*

Erginbilgic

Kairisto

Knoll

Nasi

Simonelli

Attendance

6/6

6/6

4/4

4/6

6/6

5/6

5/6

6/6

* Judy Curran was appointed as a Director by the AGM on 17 April 2024

In these meetings, the Board addressed a number of topics, including the Company’s general affairs and business, its results and expectations,
its overall strategy, plans and specific risks/opportunities, the most relevant transactions, risk management, ESG-related and compensation
issues, Iveco Group funding and its capital market performance. At all meetings of the full Board, the Non-Executive Directors separately met too,
to discuss the functioning of the Board and its Committees, the Executive Directors’ performance of their duties, the Company’s strategy and
general affairs.
Board practice
As recommended by the DCGC, the Board adopted internal regulations governing its (and its Committees’) operations, including the decisionmaking process. The current version of the document (approved in November 2024 and available at the Company's website at
www.ivecogroup.com) addresses composition, roles and responsibilities, calling, organization, quorum and minuting of meetings, action at and
without meeting, information flows, determination of independence according to the DCGC, and conflicts of interest.
In this connection, the Regulations of the Board of Directors stipulate that a Director shall not participate in discussions and decision making with
respect to a matter in relation to which they have a direct or indirect personal interest that is in conflict with the interests of the Company and the
business associated with the Company (Conflict of Interest). In case, they shall immediately report the situation, so that the Non-Executive
Directors can assess it, and – if they deem it appropriate – exclude the conflicted Director from the discussion and decision-making process with
respect to the relevant matter or transaction; all conflicted transactions require the approval of the Non-Executive Directors. In addition, as – in
compliance with the DCGC – the Company pursues the prevention of conflict of interest in general, the Board as a whole may, on an ad hoc
basis, resolve that there is such a strong appearance of a Conflict of Interest of an individual Director in relation to a specific matter that it is in the
best interest of a proper decision-making process that such individual Director be excused from participation, even though they may not have an
actual Conflict of Interest. Finally, as a precautionary measure, in the event, based on the information available to the Company, there is a strong
appearance of a Conflict of Interest of an individual member of the Board in relation to a specific matter, the Chairperson will exclude such a
Director from the relevant information flow, pending a decision by the full Board. As per the DCGC's recommendation, all transactions in which
there are conflicts of interest with Board members shall be agreed on terms that are customary in the market. No decisions to enter into material
transactions in which there are conflicts of interest with members of the Board were taken during the financial year 2024.

Board Report Governance Statement 206

At least annually, each Director shall assess in good faith whether (i) they are independent under the best practice provisions of the DCGC; and
(ii) they would have a Conflict of Interest in connection with any transactions between the Company and a significant shareholder or related party
of the Company, including affiliates of a significant shareholder (such conflict, a “Related-Party Conflict”), it being understood that currently Exor
N.V. is considered a significant shareholder. Based on this self-assessment (part of the annual D&O questionnaire administered to all Board
members), and any subsequent update provided by the individual Directors, the Board of Directors shall make its determinations regarding the
individual Director’s independence and Related-Party Conflict, such (at least annual) determinations being conclusive absent a change in
circumstances.
Suzanne Heywood, who is the Chairperson, is also executive director and chairperson of CNH Industrial N.V., as well as Chief Operating Officer
of Exor N.V.. Alessandro Nasi, who is a Non-Executive Director of the Company, is also a non-executive director of Exor N.V. and CNH Industrial
N.V.. As a result, Suzanne Heywood and Alessandro Nasi owe duties both to Iveco Group and to CNH Industrial N.V. and Exor N.V., which may
raise potential conflicts of interest should the Company have to enter into new transactions (or amend existing transactions as the case may be)
with CNH Industrial N.V., Exor N.V. or their affiliates.
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Company is committed to indemnify all of its Directors, officers, former Directors, former officers (as
well as any person who may have served at its request as a director or officer of another company in which it owns shares or of which it is a
creditor), against expenses actually and necessarily incurred by any of them in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding in
which they are made parties, by reason of being or having been Director or officer, except in relation to matters as to which any such indemnified
person shall be adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of their duty.
In addition, IVG has purchased Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the members of the Board of Directors and certain other officers, in
line with international best practice.
By the end of 2024, in addition to a survey to verify due compliance with applicable corporate governance rules (the outcome of which was
satisfactory), the Board undertook an evaluation of the Board, its Committees and individual members, in terms of composition, effectiveness and
performance.
Under the oversight of the ESG Committee, the evaluation consisted of a self-assessment, performed through the same written questionnaire as
the questionnaire administered at the end of 2023 and 2024, for the sake of comparison, covering Profile, Responsibilities and Functioning of the
Board (and its Committees), with an invitation to comment on the various relevant topics. The response rate was 100%. The replies were
aggregated and tabulated by the Board Secretary and represented the basis for subsequent one-to-one conversations with the Chairperson
(focused on the overall functioning of the corporate collective bodies, as well as the individual Director and the Executive Directors) and collective
discussion. Collation with previous years evidenced overall consistency in results.
As it already happened in previous years, the conclusions from the evaluations will be considered in the ongoing furtherance of an ever more
mature approach and practice of corporate governance at Board level. Overall the Board of Directors confirmed it believes the skill mix and
combination of diversity factors are appropriate to enable the Board as a whole to manage its responsibilities and exercise its role effectively and
considers its present composition well-suited to fulfil the Board’s duties, vis-à-vis the existing and prospective Company’s challenges. It has a
good understanding of the business and the relevant competitive and regulatory scenarios, is aware of the impacts of the Company’s operations,
including beyond financials, is in a position to effectively direct, monitor, overview, and challenge the different aspects of the Company’s business
and operations, according to the capacities and responsibilities entrusted to the Board as such, as well as separately to Executive and NonExecutive Directors. It was further concluded that each of the Directors in charge demonstrate due commitment to their respective role in the
Company.
BOARD COMMITTEES
As per the Articles of Association and the Regulations of the Board, the Board appointed among its Non-Executive Directors three committees to
assist it to discharge its duties: an Audit Committee, an ESG Committee, and a Human Capital and Compensation Committee. The Board may
appoint additional committees from time to time, as it deems necessary and appropriate to carry out its responsibilities and oversight function.
The terms of reference, tasks and relevant procedures for the proper functioning of the committees are set forth in the Regulations of the Board
and their specific charters, as adopted by the full Board. The current version of the charters (approved in November 2024) is available at the
Company's website at www.ivecogroup.com. The same rules applicable to the operations of the Board govern the committees, except that:
▪ attendance by proxy at a meeting of a committee is not allowed. If a quorum is not present, as an alternative to adjournment, the member(s)
present and not disqualified from voting may unanimously appoint one or more Non-Executive Directors who are not regular members of the
committee to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member(s);
▪ a quorum of the committee consists of a majority (and if the committee consists of an even number of members, at least one-half) of the
members thereof. If there is a tie in a vote, the chair of the committee shall have a casting vote.
As a rule, Directors who are not members of the specific committee are invited to attend its meeting, unless the committee decides otherwise.
Notwithstanding the establishment of committees to assist the Board on certain specified matters, the Board remains accountable for the work
carried out by its committees and the performance and affairs of the Company. According to their terms of reference as presently in force, each of
the Audit Committee, the ESG Committee and the Human Capital and Compensation Committee shall (i) assist and advise the Board in ensuring
the Company’s due compliance with the DCGC, with reference to the aspects in each committee’s remit; (ii) collaborate and liaise with each other
with reference to issues and topics of common interest; (iii) perform any specific task assigned by the Board from time to time; (iv) report regularly
Board Report Governance Statement 207

to the Board, making proposals and recommendations where they deem it appropriate, according to their remit in supporting the Board's decisionmaking. They are entitled to utilise the services of the appropriate personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, and, if they deem it fit, without
the Board’s approval and at the Company’s expense, to appoint, compensate and oversee the work of any outside advisor to assist them in
connection with their responsibilities.
Audit Committee
The tasks, functions and organisation of the Audit Committee are described in detail in the Audit Committee charter, which is published on the
Company website at www.ivecogroup.com.
The Audit Committee consists of at least three Non-Executive Directors and is chaired by a member who meets the independence requirements
as set forth by the DCGC (as the majority of the members are required to do). All of them must be financially literate and have accounting or
financial management expertise qualification, and at least one shall have competence in accounting and/or auditing. As a rule, no Director may
serve as a member of the Company’s Audit Committee if they already have the same role in more than four other public companies.
The Audit Committee shall assist and advise the Board by performing, inter alia, the following duties and responsibilities: (i) overseeing the
integrity and quality of the Company’s financial and sustainability disclosure, and the relevant reporting processes (including internal controls over
financial and sustainability reporting); (ii) supervising the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s internal risk management
and control system; (iii) supervising and handling relations between the Company and its 