 Risks Related to Market Dynamics and Volatility Volatility and disruption in global or regional capital and credit markets, equity, debt, private and commodity markets, as well as adverse changes in the global economy, could negatively affect our AUM, revenues, net income and liquidity. In recent years, capital and credit markets have experienced substantial volatility. In this regard: • In the event of extreme circumstances, including an economic, political or business crisis, such as widespread systemic failures or disruptions in the global or regional financial systems or failures of firms that have significant obligations as counterparties on financial instruments, we may suffer significant declines in AUM and severe liquidity or valuation issues in managed investment products in which client and company assets are invested, all of which would adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, liquidity, credit ratings, ability to access capital markets and ability to retain and attract key employees. Additionally, these factors could impact our ability to realize the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets and have impacted the carrying value of our intangible assets in the past. • Illiquidity and/or volatility of the global or regional risk asset markets could negatively affect our ability to manage investment products in which client and company assets are invested or client inflows and outflows or to timely meet client redemption requests. • In the event that market values of companies involved directly in AI or exposed to AI trends, including those that are part of the Nasdaq-100 Index, decline, we may suffer declines in AUM and revenue, particularly relating to products we advise that track the Nasdaq-100 Index, such as the Invesco QQQ Trust and the Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF. • Uncertainties regarding geopolitical developments, such as nation state sovereignty, border disputes, diplomatic developments, social instability or changes in governmental policies, can produce volatility in global financial markets and regulatory environments. This volatility, including volatility arising from tensions between the U.S. and China, may impact the level and composition of our AUM and also negatively impact investor sentiment, which could result in reduced or negative flows. Geopolitical risks may also lead to economic sanctions, trade restrictions, or regulatory changes that adversely affect global markets and our business. • Changes to tax, tariff and import/export regulations and economic sanctions may have a negative effect on global or regional economic conditions, financial markets and our business. Any changes with respect to trade policies, treaties, taxes, government regulations and tariffs, or the perception that any of these changes could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global or regional economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global trade or trade between certain nations. Given we are a global business, we could be more adversely affected than others by such market uncertainties. Our revenues and net income would likely be adversely affected by any reduction in AUM as a result of either a decline in market value of such assets or net outflows, each of which would reduce the investment management fees we earn. We derive substantially all our revenues from investment management contracts with clients. Under these contracts, the investment management fees paid to us are generally based on the market value of AUM. AUM may decline for various reasons. For any period in which revenues decline, our net income and operating margin would likely decline by a greater proportion because a majority of our expenses remain fixed. Factors that could decrease AUM, revenues, and net income include the following: Declines in the market value of AUM in client portfolios. We cannot predict whether volatility in the markets will result in substantial or sustained declines in the markets generally or result in price declines in market segments in which our AUM are concentrated. Any of the foregoing could negatively impact the market value of our AUM, revenues and net income. Market declines may be driven by interest rate volatility, foreign exchange fluctuations, geopolitical instability, or other macroeconomic factors. Redemptions and other withdrawals from, or shifting among, client portfolios. These changes could be caused by investors reducing their investments in client portfolios in general or in the market segments in which we focus; investors taking profits from their investments; and portfolio risk characteristics, which could cause investors to move assets to other investment managers. Furthermore, the fees we earn vary with the types of assets being managed, with higher fees earned on actively managed equity and balanced accounts, alternative asset products, and lower fees earned on fixed income, stable value accounts and passively managed products. Our revenues and net income may decline further if clients continue to shift their investments to lower fee accounts. 10 Table of Contents Our revenues and net income from money market and other fixed income assets may be harmed by interest rate volatility, prolonged high or low rates, liquidity, and credit volatility. While inflation remained relatively flat in 2025, our business is exposed to risks associated with inflation and fluctuations in interest rates including rapid changes or uncertainty in rate direction. Certain institutional investors using money market products and other short-term duration fixed income products for cash management purposes may shift these investments to direct investments in comparable instruments in order to realize higher yields. These redemptions would reduce AUM, thereby reducing our revenues and net income. If securities within a money market portfolio default or investor redemptions force the portfolio to realize losses, there could be negative pressure on its net asset value (NAV). Although money market investments are not guaranteed instruments, the company might decide, under such a scenario, that it is in its best interest to provide support in the form of a support agreement, capital infusion or other methods to help stabilize a declining NAV, which may have an adverse impact on our profitability. Additionally, we have investments, including collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), real estate-related loans, commercial loans, income based products inclusive of private strategies, and seed capital in fixed income funds, the valuation of which could vary with changes in interest and default rates as well as credit quality deterioration. Declines in the values of AUM could lead to reduced revenues and net income as management fees are generally calculated based upon the size of AUM. Our financial condition and liquidity would be adversely affected by losses on our seed capital and co-investments . The company has investments in managed investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including equities, fixed income products, commodities, derivatives, other similar financial instruments, and alternative investment products. Investments in these products are generally made to establish a track record, meet purchase size requirements for trading blocks or demonstrate economic alignment with other investors in our funds. Adverse market conditions may result in the need to write down the value of these seed capital and co-investments, which may adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $1,166.3 million in seed capital and co-investments. As many of our subsidiary operations are located outside of the U.S. and have functional currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, changes in the exchange rates to the U.S. Dollar impact our reported financial results. The largest component of our net assets, revenues and expenses, as well as our AUM, is presently denominated in U.S. Dollars. However, we have a large number of subsidiaries outside of the U.S. whose functional currencies are not the U.S. Dollar. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rates to the U.S. Dollar impact our reported financial results. Currency movements can also directly affect the value of AUM and related fee revenues when client assets are denominated in non-U.S. currencies. Significant strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to the United Kingdom (U.K.) Pound Sterling, Euro, Chinese RMB, Japanese Yen or Canadian Dollar, among other currencies, could have a material negative impact on our reported financial results. Risks Related to Investment Performance and Competition Poor investment performance of our products could reduce the level of our AUM or affect our sales, and negatively impact our revenues and net income. Our investment performance is critical to the success of our business. Strong investment performance often stimulates sales of our products. Poor investment performance (on a relative or absolute basis) as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products has in the past led, and could in the future lead, to a termination of investment management agreements, a decrease in sales of our products or stimulate redemptions from existing products, each of which could lower the overall level of AUM, reduce our management fees and negatively impact our revenues and net income. There is no assurance that past or present investment performance in our products will be indicative of future performance. If we fail, or appear to fail, to address successfully and promptly the underlying causes of any poor investment performance, we may be unsuccessful in reversing such underperformance, which could result in client loss or redemptions and the loss of future business prospects, both of which would negatively impact our revenues and net income. Failure to properly address the increased transformative pressures affecting the asset management industry could negatively impact our business. The asset management industry is facing transformative pressures and trends from a variety of different sources, including increased fee pressure; a continued shift away from actively managed fundamental equities and fixed income strategies towards alternatives, passive index and smart beta strategies; increased demands from clients and distributors for client engagement and services; a trend towards institutions concentrating on fewer relationships and partners and reducing the number of investment 11 Table of Contents managers they work with; consolidation among distributors and competitive pricing pressures; growth in private markets and alternatives requiring new capabilities; increased regulatory activity and scrutiny of many aspects of the asset management industry, including ESG practices and related matters, transparency/unbundling of fees, inducements, conflicts of interest, capital, liquidity, solvency, leverage, operational risk management, controls and compensation; divergent global regulatory requirements and evolving sustainability disclosure mandates; addressing the key emerging markets in the world, such as China and India, which often have populations with different needs, preferences and horizons than the more developed U.S. and European markets; advances in technology and digital wealth and distribution tools and increasing client interest in interacting digitally with their investment portfolios; cybersecurity, data privacy, and integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into investment and client service processes; and growing digital asset markets that remain subject to substantial volatility and significant regulatory uncertainty. As a result of these trends and pressures, the asset management industry is facing an increased level of disruption. If we are unable to adapt our strategy and business to adequately address these trends and pressures, we may be unable to satisfactorily meet client needs, our competitive position may weaken, and our AUM, revenues, and net income may be adversely affected. Competitive pressures may force us to reduce the fees we charge to clients, which could reduce our profitability. The investment management business is highly competitive, and we compete based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, range of products offered, brand recognition, business reputation, financial strength, stability and continuity of client and financial intermediary relationships, quality of service, level of fees charged for services and the level of compensation paid and distribution support offered to financial intermediaries. We continue to face market pressures regarding fee levels in many products, including low fee, passively managed products that compete with our actively managed products. Our competitors include many investment management firms and other financial institutions. Some of these institutions have greater capital and other resources, and offer more comprehensive lines of products and services, than we do. There are relatively few barriers to entry by new investment management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants around the world have also resulted in increased competition. Further, our competitors may increase their market share to our detriment by reducing fees. Failure to achieve scale or operational efficiencies in response to these pressures could further compress margins and negatively impact profitability. The increasing size and market influence of certain distributors of our products and of certain direct competitors may have a negative impact on our ability to compete at the same levels of profitability in the future. Competitive pressures may affect our economics in multiple ways, including forcing us to reduce the fees we charge clients and increasing the cost of delivering our products through higher or more expansive revenue share, all of which could adversely impact our profitability. In addition, technology is subject to rapid advancements and changes and our competitors may, from time to time, implement newer technologies or more advanced platforms for their services and products, including digital advisers, low cost, high speed financial applications and services and investment platforms based on AI and other advanced electronic systems, which could adversely affect our business if we are unable to remain competitive. Nontraditional competitors, including fintech firms and global platforms, may accelerate these trends and intensify pricing pressure. Our private market products include investments in private credit, real estate, private market funds of funds and direct equity investments in operating companies that may expose our investment products, our clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us to risks and liabilities and reputational harm. Our private market products include investments in private credit, real estate, private market funds of funds and direct equity investments in operating companies that may expose our investment products, our clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us to risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership, management and operation of such investments as well as reputational harm. These may include: • risks related to the potential illiquidity, valuation and disposition of such investments; • risks related to emerging and less established companies that have, among other things, short operating histories, not yet achieved or sustained profitability, new technologies and products, nascent control functions, quickly evolving markets and limited financial resources; • construction risks, including as a result of force majeure, labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment; • credit risks, including interest-rate movements and an issuer’s ability to make principal and interest payments on the debt it issues; • risks related to investment in “stressed” and “distressed” securities, including abrupt and erratic market movements, above-average price volatility and bankruptcy; 12 Table of Contents • risks related to the ability to detect or prevent irregular accounting, employee misconduct or other fraudulent practices by any issuer or portfolio investment; • risks relating to minority equity investments and joint ventures, including limited control over the applicable portfolio investments or joint ventures; • risks associated with a lack of diversification, such that any adverse change in one or a small number of issuers could have a material adverse effect on an investment product’s or client’s investments; • accidents, pandemics, health crises or catastrophic events, climate-related risks, including greater frequency or intensity of adverse weather and natural disasters, that are beyond our control; • personal injury or property damage; • risks relating to reliance on underlying managers and funds to effect fund of funds programs; • risks relating to the use of leverage, including as a result of increasing interest rates or an inability to timely obtain and effectively deploy leverage; • failures on the part of third-party managers, service providers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws; • exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to private fund advisers, financial crime, permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, lending, tenancy, housing affordability, occupational health and safety, employment law and regulation, foreign investment and environmental protection; • environmental hazards; • changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies; • risks related to the availability, cost, coverage and other limitations on insurance; • the financial resources of tenants or loan counterparties; • contingent liabilities on disposition of investments; and • conflicts of interest related to investments in operating companies. The above risks may expose our investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, to expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by our investment products and clients. These risks could also result in direct liability for us by exposing us to losses, regulatory sanctions or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. In addition, market conditions may change during the course of real estate development projects in which our investment products and clients invest that make such developments less attractive than at the time it commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of our investment products, our clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us. The occurrence of any such events may expose us to reputational harm, or cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline. Our investment products, clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, we could incur losses if the allowance for credit losses, including loan and lending-related commitment reserves, of portfolio-level investments is inadequate or if our expectations of future economic conditions deteriorate. When our investment products or clients loan money, commit to loan money, provide credit or enter into a credit-related contract or mortgage loan with a counterparty, our investment products, clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, we incur credit risk or the risk of loss if the borrower or counterparty does not timely repay its loans or fails to perform according to the terms of its agreement. The revenues and profitability of investment products and clients may be subordinated (and thus exposed to the first level of default risk) or otherwise subject to substantial credit risks. Certain investments, including second lien debt, have a comparatively higher degree of risk of a loss of capital and may not show any return for a considerable period of time. The revenues and profitability of investment products, clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us are adversely affected when borrowers and counterparties default, in whole or in part, on their obligations or when there is a significant deterioration in the credit quality of the loan portfolio or decline in the value of collateral. In the event of a default, investment returns will depend on the ability to foreclose and liquidate the collateral. Certain debt-related holdings may be difficult or impossible to dispose of readily at what we believe to be a fair price. Investment products and clients can have exposure to lower-rated instruments and securities, which generally reflects a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial condition of the borrower or in general economic conditions, including rising interest rates, inflation, geopolitical instability, or sector-specific stress, may impair the ability of the borrower to make payment of principal and interest. 13 Table of Contents Current and future market and economic developments may increase default and delinquency rates and negatively impact the quality of the credit portfolio. Although our estimates contemplate current conditions and how we expect them to change over the life of the investment portfolio, it is possible that actual conditions could be worse than anticipated, which could cause our revenues and net income to decline. We may be unable to develop new products and services, and the development of new products and services may expose us to additional costs or operational risk. Our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services requires continued innovative efforts on our part and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, technology integration, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. New products often must be in the market place for three or more years in order to generate the track records required to attract significant AUM inflows. Increasingly, clients and intermediaries are looking to investment managers to deliver investment outcomes tailored to particular circumstances and needs, and to augment traditional investment management products and services with additional value-added services. A failure to continue to innovate and introduce successful new products and services or to manage effectively the risks associated with such products and services may impact our market share relevance and may cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline. The failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may have a negative impact on similar Invesco products irrespective of our performance. Many competitors offer similar products to those offered by us, and the failure or negative performance of competitors’ products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar Invesco products, irrespective of the performance of our products. Any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, and may also increase regulatory focus and compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our AUM, revenues and net income or liquidity. Risks Related to Human Capital, Operations and Technology Our investment management professionals and other key employees are a vital part of our ability to attract and retain clients, and the loss of key individuals or a significant portion of those professionals could result in a reduction of our AUM, revenues and net income. Retaining highly skilled investment management and other personnel in-high demand is important to our ability to attract and retain our clients. The market for skilled investment management professionals and other key personnel is highly competitive. Our policy has been to provide our investment management professionals and other key personnel with a supportive professional working environment and compensation and benefits that we believe are competitive with other leading investment management firms. However, we may not be successful in retaining our investment management professionals and other key personnel, and the loss of significant investment professionals or other key personnel could reduce the attractiveness of our products and services to potential and current clients and could, therefore, adversely affect our AUM, revenues and net income. Changes in the distribution channels on which we depend could reduce our net income and hinder our growth. We sell substantially all of our retail investment products through a variety of third-party financial intermediaries. Increasing competition for these distribution channels could cause our distribution costs to rise, which would lower our net income. Certain of the third-party intermediaries upon whom we rely to distribute our investment products also sell their own competing proprietary investment products, which could limit the distribution of our products and certain distributors may demand higher levels of revenue sharing. Similarly, particularly in the U.S., certain distributors have substantially reduced the number of investment funds they make available to their customers. If a material portion of our distributors were to substantially narrow their product offerings, it could have a significant adverse effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. More broadly, in both retail and institutional channels, intermediaries (distribution firms and consultants) are seeking to reduce the number of investment management firms they do business with. While this offers opportunities to the company to have broader and deeper relationships with firms that continue to do business with us, it also poses risks of additional lost business if a particular firm chooses to stop or significantly reduce its business relationship with the company. Any failure to maintain strong business relationships with these intermediaries due to any of the above-described factors would impair our ability to sell our products, which in turn could have a negative effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. 14 Table of Contents Investors, particularly in the institutional market, rely on external consultants and other third parties for advice on the choice of investment manager. These consultants and third parties tend to exert a significant degree of influence over their clients' choices, and they may favor one of our competitors over us as better meeting their particular clients' needs. There is no assurance that our investment products will be among their recommended choices in the future. Any failure to maintain strong business relationships with the consultant community would impair our ability to sell our products, which in turn could have a negative effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. Failure to comply with client contractual requirements and/or investment guidelines could result in costs of correction, damage awards and/or regulatory fines and penalties against us and loss of revenues due to client terminations. Many of the investment management agreements under which we manage assets or provide products or services specify investment guidelines or requirements, such as adherence to investment restrictions or limits, that we are required to observe in the provision of our services. Laws and regulations impose similar requirements for certain investment products. A failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could result in damage to our reputation or in our clients seeking to recover losses, withdrawing their assets or terminating their contracts. Regulators likewise may commence enforcement actions for violations of such requirements, which could lead to fines and penalties against the company, which could cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline. We maintain various compliance procedures and other controls to seek to prevent, detect and correct such errors. Significant errors by the company could impact our reputation, AUM, revenues, net income or liquidity. Our investment advisory agreements are subject to termination or non-renewal, and our fund and other investors may withdraw their assets at any time. Substantially all our revenues are derived from investment management agreements. Investment management agreements are generally terminable upon 30 or fewer days' notice. Agreements with U.S. registered funds may be terminated with notice or terminated in the event of an “assignment” (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), and must be renewed and approved annually by the disinterested members of each fund's Board of Trustees or Directors, as required by law. In addition, the Boards of Trustees or Directors of certain other funds generally may terminate these investment management agreements upon written notice for any reason. Open-end registered fund and unit trust investors may generally withdraw their funds at any time without prior notice. Institutional clients may elect to terminate their relationships with us or reduce the aggregate amount of AUM, generally on short notice. Any termination of or failure to renew a significant number of these agreements, or any other loss of a significant number of our clients or AUM, would adversely affect our revenues, net income, and liquidity. The quantitative models we use and our index tracking investment solutions may contain errors, which could result in financial losses or adversely impact product performance and client relationships. We use various quantitative models to support investment decisions and investment processes, including those related to portfolio management, portfolio risk analysis, and client investment guidance. While we maintain controls to seek to prevent, detect and correct any errors, even effective controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on our business and reputation. These risks may be heightened by the rapid growth and complexity of new models, evolving data sets and standards, and market volatility. In addition, we offer index tracking investment solutions for our passive products, and any errors or disruptions in our ability to accurately track a subject index could materially adversely affect our business or reputation, which would adversely affect our AUM, revenues, net income, and liquidity. Disclosure requirements and expectations related to sustainability or ESG are evolving. Our inability to meet these requirements and expectations could cause regulatory or reputational harm and affect our ability to attract and retain clients. Requirements and expectations related to commitment to and disclosures around sustainability or ESG topics continue to evolve globally. These requirements are distinct from typical financial reporting constructs, given their focus on the disclosure of future sustainability or ESG related goals and targets, the strategy and governance designed to achieve those targets, and reporting of relevant metrics delineating progress towards those targets. Additionally, sustainability or ESG related disclosure requirements may use different definitions of materiality than those used for financial statement disclosures, including a focus on so-called “double materiality,” which can evaluate a sustainability or ESG matter as material, regardless of its direct impact on us, based on broader societal impacts. 15 Table of Contents Given evolving requirements and the associated standards, methodologies, processes, and controls related to sustainability and ESG related requirements and disclosures that may impact us or our clients, diverging requirements across jurisdictions, and distinct definitions and standards for materiality that could result in conflicting disclosures across frameworks, we may make disclosures that are incorrect or incomplete or fail to make required disclosures, which may result in regulatory or reputational consequences or that may directly or indirectly impact our ability to attract and retain clients. Meeting these requirements may require significant investment in data collection, verification, and reporting systems, and reliance on third-party data providers introduces additional risk. Further, fiduciary, anti-competitive, voting power, governance, and other concerns with ESG investment strategies continue to be the subject of legislative and regulatory debate globally, particularly at both the federal and state levels in the U.S., the outcomes of which could impact both our asset management business and our clients, as well as, potentially, our investment activities more broadly. Certain U.S. officials have suggested that sustainability or ESG related investing practices may result in violations of law, including antitrust laws, and breaches of fiduciary duty. Views on sustainability or ESG practices, particularly those related to climate issues, have also become part of political discourse, which can amplify the reputational and business risks associated with such allegations. Further risks related to ESG investment strategies include negative market perception and diminished sales effectiveness and regulatory and litigation consequences associated with greenwashing claims or driven by association with certain clients, industries or products that may be inconsistent with our other clients’ ESG priorities. If our reputation is harmed, we could suffer losses in our AUM, revenues and net income. Our business depends on earning and maintaining the trust and confidence of clients, other market participants and regulators, and our good reputation is critical to our business. Our reputation is vulnerable to many threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or impossible to remediate. Regulatory inquiries, investigations or findings of wrongdoing, intentional or unintentional misrepresentation of our products and services in regulatory filings, product literature, advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications, operational failures (including portfolio management errors or cyber breaches), employee dishonesty or other misconduct and rumors, among other things, can substantially damage our reputation, even if they are baseless or eventually satisfactorily addressed. Our business also requires us to continuously manage actual and potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of other clients or our own interests. The willingness of clients to enter into transactions in which such a conflict might arise may be affected if we fail - or appear to fail - to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. We have policies, procedures and controls that are designed to address and manage these risks; however, even effective procedures and controls can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. If our policies, procedures or controls fail, our reputation could be damaged. Any damage to our reputation could impede our ability to attract and retain clients and key personnel, and lead to a reduction in the amount of our AUM, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income or liquidity. The lack of soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us or the client portfolios we manage. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We, and the client portfolios that we manage, have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. Many of these transactions expose us or such client portfolios to credit risk in the event of default of their counterparties. While we regularly conduct assessments of such risk posed by counterparties, an event of default may occur due to market factors, such as sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may occur swiftly and without warning. Counterparty defaults could result in financial losses for us or our clients, regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm. 16 Table of Contents We depend on information technology, and any failures of or damage to, attack on or unauthorized access to our information technology systems or facilities, or those of third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could result in significant limits on our ability to conduct our operations and activities, costs and reputational damage. We are highly dependent upon the use of various proprietary and third-party information and security technology, software applications and other technology systems to operate our business. We are also dependent on the effectiveness of our information and cyber security infrastructure, policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our technology and digital systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them, including data provided by third parties that is significant to portions of our business and products. We use our technology to, among other things, manage and trade portfolio investments, obtain securities pricing information, process client transactions, protect the privacy of clients', employees' and business partners' data, support our other operations and provide other services to our clients. In recent years, several financial services firms suffered cyber-attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption of services to clients, loss or misappropriation of confidential data, litigation and regulatory enforcement actions and reputational harm. Cyber security incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level. Our status as a global financial institution and the nature of our client base may enhance the risk that we are targeted by such cyber threats. Although we take protective measures, including measures to secure information effectively through system security technology, have many controls, processes, digital backup and recovery processes in place, and seek to continually monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, our technology systems may still be vulnerable to unauthorized access as a result of an external attack, actions by employees or vendors with access to our systems, computer malware or other events that have a security impact and that result in the disclosure or release of confidential information inadvertently or through malfeasance, or result in the loss (temporarily or permanently) of data, applications or systems. The third parties with which we do business or which facilitate our business activities, including financial intermediaries and technology infrastructure, data storage and service providers, are also susceptible to the foregoing risks (including those related to the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities may therefore be adversely affected, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology or infrastructure institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business. Further, third-party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to us in the event a cyber incident causes us to incur loss or damages. A breach of our technology systems could damage our reputation and could result in the unauthorized disclosure or modification or loss of sensitive or confidential information (including client data); unauthorized disclosure, modification or loss of proprietary information relating to our business; inability to process client or company transactions and processes; breach and termination of client contracts; liability for stolen assets, information or identity; remediation costs to repair damage caused by the breach, including damage to systems and recovery of lost data; additional security costs to mitigate against future incidents; regulatory actions (including fines and penalties, which could be material); and litigation costs resulting from the incident. Such consequences could have a negative effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. Our ability to manage and grow our business successfully can be impeded by systems and other technological limitations. Our continued success in effectively managing and growing our business depends on our ability to integrate our varied accounting, financial, information and operational systems on a global basis. Moreover, adapting or developing the existing technology systems we use to meet our internal needs, as well as client needs, industry demands and new regulatory requirements, is also critical for our business. The introduction of new technologies, such as our Alpha/Hybrid investment platform, presents new challenges and new potential risks to us. On an ongoing basis, we need to upgrade and improve our technology, including our data processing, financial, accounting, shareholder servicing and trading systems. Implementing any such upgrades, updates or other changes or replacements for our systems may be expensive and time-consuming, could divert management’s focus away from core business activities and may adversely affect our business if additional or unanticipated time or resources are necessary to complete any such changes to our systems. If the updated or new systems, such as our Alpha/Hybrid investment platform, do not operate as anticipated or if other unforeseen issues arise with the transition to the new or updated systems, our business may be adversely affected. Further, we also must be proactive and prepared to implement new technology when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. These needs could present operational issues or require significant capital and may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of the technology we use, which could negatively impact our AUM, revenues, net income and liquidity. 17 Table of Contents If we are unable to successfully recover from a man-made or natural disaster, severe weather event, health crisis or pandemic or other business continuity problem, we could suffer material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. If we were to experience a man-made or natural disaster, severe weather event, health crisis or pandemic, or other business continuity problem, our continued success will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. In such an event, we believe our operational size, multiple office locations and our existing back-up systems should mitigate adverse impacts. Nevertheless, given our global presence, we could still experience near-term operational problems with regard to particular areas of our operations. Although we seek to regularly assess and improve our existing business continuity plans, a major disaster, a disaster that affected certain important operating areas, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. The extent to which our business, revenues, AUM and net income are affected by a future pandemic will largely depend on future events, which cannot be accurately predicted, including the duration, severity and the length of time it will take for the economy to recover from the negative impacts on human capital and potentially permanent impacts on how we operate. Our business is vulnerable to deficiencies and failures in support systems, including data management, and customer service functions that could lead to breaches and errors or reputational harm, resulting in loss of customers or claims against us or our subsidiaries. In addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales, distribution, marketing, shareholder servicing and trust, custody and other fiduciary services and portfolio management software services. We must properly perform our responsibilities associated with the forgoing services, including portfolio recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, investment restrictions compliance, daily NAV computations, account reconciliations and required distributions to fund shareholders. The ability to consistently and reliably perform such services is essential to our continuing success. Certain types of securities may experience liquidity constraints that could impact fair value pricing, which is dependent on certain subjective judgments that have the potential to be challenged. Any delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, processing transactions or reports, other breaches and errors and/or any inadequacies in customer service, could result in reimbursement obligations or other liabilities, or alienate clients or distributors and/or claims against us. Our ability to conduct any of the foregoing actions is highly dependent on communications and information systems and on third-party service providers and their related technology systems and platforms. Certain of these processes involve a degree of manual input, and thus errors could occur. In addition, our operations and processes rely on commercially available data provided by third parties as well as providers of services, including technology services, and operating errors, process failures or failures to comply with data usage requirements with respect to these service providers may adversely impact us. Our data providers commonly disclaim the accuracy and completeness of data and we do not have the ability to validate or verify the accuracy and completeness of commercially sourced datasets . Our failure to properly perform and monitor our operations, including data management, or our otherwise suffering deficiencies and failures in these systems or service functions due to a failure of a third-party service provider or other key vendor could result in material financial loss or costs, regulatory actions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal claims and liability, which in turn could have a negative effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. Disruptions in the markets, to market participants and to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to our ETF platforms may adversely affect the prices at which ETFs trade, particularly during periods of market volatility. The trading price of an ETF’s shares or units fluctuates continuously throughout trading hours. While an ETF’s creation/redemption feature and the arbitrage mechanism are designed to make it more likely that the ETF’s shares or units normally will trade at prices close to the ETF’s NAV, exchange prices may deviate significantly from the NAV. ETF market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including significant market volatility; imbalances in supply and demand; trading halts invoked by a stock exchange; and inability or unwillingness of market makers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an ETF’s arbitrage. Operational disruptions, technology failures, or cybersecurity incidents affecting exchanges, clearing systems, or third-party service providers could further impair ETF trading and settlement. Regulatory changes or restrictions on arbitrage or liquidity requirements may also negatively impact ETF pricing and functioning. If market events lead to instances where an ETF trades at prices that deviate significantly from the ETF’s NAV or indicative value, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in ETF products and sell their holdings, which could result in reputational harm and cause our AUM, revenue and net income to decline. 18 Table of Contents The recent advancements in and increased use of AI present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. We or our third-party vendors, clients or counterparties have developed and may continue to develop or incorporate AI technology in certain business processes, services or products. The development and use of AI present a number of risks and challenges to our business. The legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is rapidly evolving, in the U.S., E.U., and internationally, and includes regulation targeted specifically at AI technology, including the EU AI Act, portions of which have already come into force with more to follow this year and in future years, as well as provisions in intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, employment and other laws applicable to the use of AI. Global divergence in AI regulations and evolving standards could create conflicting requirements across jurisdictions, increase compliance costs, and heighten enforcement risk. These evolving laws and regulations could require changes in our implementation of AI technology, increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance, and restrict or impede our ability to develop, adopt and deploy AI technologies efficiently and effectively. If not appropriately governed, managed and controlled, AI models, particularly generative AI models, may produce output or take action that is incorrect or outdated, that result in the release of personal, confidential or proprietary information, that reflect biases included in the data on which they are trained or introduced during the training or fine tuning process, that infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, or that is otherwise harmful. The complexity and limited transparency of many AI models make it challenging to understand why they generate particular outputs, increasing governance and monitoring risks. Use of third-party AI models may introduce additional risk, as we may have limited visibility into their training data, validation processes, and controls to prevent unauthorized or harmful content. This results in potential risks arising from the inclusion of any unauthorized material in the training data for their models, and the effectiveness of the steps these third parties have taken to limit the risks associated with the output of their models, matters over which we may have limited visibility. Further, AI tools, whether embedded in third party systems or in tools that we develop, that are used to support regulated activities such as investment decision making and client reporting present unique risks, including errors in algorithms or assumptions, data quality issues, and potential bias, that could adversely affect investment performance and increase business and compliance risks. Any of these risks could expose us to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences and harm our reputation and the public perception of our business or the effectiveness of our security measures. In addition to our use of AI technologies, we are exposed to risks arising from the use of AI technologies by bad actors to commit fraud and misappropriate funds and to facilitate cyberattacks. Generative AI may be exploited to create sophisticated phishing schemes, ransomware attacks, or other cyber threats, which could result in financial losses, liquidity outflows, or systemic market disruptions. If our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. Risks Related to Accounting, Capital Management and Liquidity The carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance sheet has become impaired in the past and could become impaired in the future, which would adversely affect our results of operations. We have goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet that are subject to annual impairment reviews. We also have definite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet that are subject to impairment testing. Goodwill and intangible assets totaled $ 8,477.1 million and $ 3,927.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2025. We recorded a non-cash impairment of $ 1,794.9 million related to our indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquired management contracts of U.S. retail mutual funds during the year ended December 31, 2025, and we may not realize the full value of our remaining goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We perform impairment reviews of these assets on an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. A variety of factors can result in impairment. Should the fair value be less than the carrying amount of either the goodwill or intangible assets, a write-down of the related assets would occur, adversely affecting our net income for the period. See Part II, Item 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies - Goodwill” and “- Intangibles,” for additional details of our impairment analysis process. Our Credit Agreements impose operating covenants that impact our ability to conduct certain activities and, if amounts borrowed under our Credit Agreements were subject to accelerated repayment, we might not have sufficient assets or liquidity to repay such amounts in full. Our Credit Agreements require us to maintain specified financial ratios, including maximum debt-to-earnings and minimum interest coverage ratios. The Credit Agreements also contain customary affirmative operating covenants and negative covenants that, among other things, limit certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur debt and restrict our ability to transfer assets, merge, make loans and other investments and create liens. The breach of any covenant could result in a default under the applicable Credit agreement. Compliance with these covenants may be affected by factors outside our control, including market volatility, declines in AUM or revenues, increased regulatory or operational costs, and adverse macroeconomic conditions. In the event of any such default, lenders that are party to the Revolving Credit Agreement could refuse to make further extensions of credit to us and require all amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreements, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be 19 Table of Contents immediately due and payable. If any indebtedness under the Credit Agreements were subject to accelerated repayment, and if we had at that time a significant amount of outstanding debt under the Credit Agreements, we might not have sufficient liquid assets to repay such indebtedness in full. We issued perpetual preferred stock having a value of approximately $4 billion, of which approximately $2.5 billion remains outstanding, which could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital and may limit our ability to fund other priorities. We issued approximately $4 billion of 5.9% fixed rate perpetual preferred stock in connection with the acquisition of OppenheimerFunds Inc., and we repurchased $1.5 billion of such preferred stock in 2025, leaving approximately $2.5 billion remaining outstanding. This issuance may limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes, may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of common shares in certain circumstances, may increase our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions, and will require a significant portion of cash flow from operations to make required dividend payments to preferred shareholders. Failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline, as well as harm our prospects for growth. Our ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including our creditworthiness and ability to generate operating cash flows. Failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force us to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. Liquidity needs may also arise from unexpected client redemptions, collateral requirements for derivatives or financing arrangements, or obligations related to seed capital and fund support. Our access to equity and debt markets on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, including tax and interest rates, a reduction in our long- or short-term credit ratings, or changes in government regulations. Inadequate liquidity could force us to sell assets at unfavorable prices or limit our ability to invest in growth initiatives. Failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline, curtail our operations and limit or impede our prospects for growth. Distribution of earnings of our subsidiaries may be subject to limitations, including regulatory net capital requirements. Substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. As a result, our cash flow and ability to fund operations are dependent upon the earnings of our subsidiaries and the distribution of earnings, intercompany loans or other payments by our subsidiaries to us. Any payments to us by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions and are contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business or regulatory considerations. Our financial condition or liquidity could be adversely affected if certain of our subsidiaries are unable to distribute funds to us. All of our regulated European Union (EU) and U.K. subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements under applicable EU and U.K. requirements, and we maintain capital within this European sub-group to satisfy these regulations. We meet these requirements in part by holding cash and cash equivalents. This retained cash can be used for general business purposes in the European sub-group in the countries where it is located. Due to the capital restrictions, the ability to transfer cash between certain jurisdictions may be limited. In addition, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences. As of December 31, 2025, our minimum regulatory capital requirement was $309.9 million. Complying with our regulatory commitments may result in an increase in the capital requirements applicable to the European sub-group. Finally, as a result of regulatory requirements, certain of these subsidiaries may be required to limit their dividends to the company. Risks Related to Strategic Transactions We may engage in strategic transactions that could create risks. We regularly review, and from time-to-time engage in strategic transactions, some of which may be material. Strategic transactions also pose the risk that any business we acquire may lose customers or employees or could underperform relative to expectations. We could also experience financial or other setbacks if potential or actual acquisitions or divestitures encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to closing or integration. Transactions may also involve unexpected costs or delays in achieving anticipated synergies. Following the completion of a strategic acquisition, we may have to rely on the seller to provide administrative and other support, including financial reporting and internal controls, to the acquired business for a period of time. There can be no assurance that such sellers will do so in a manner that is acceptable to us. 20 Table of Contents Risks Related to our Significant Shareholders Future sales of shares of our common stock could adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. If our significant shareholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock or express an intention to sell, or there is the perception that such sales may occur, such actions could have a significant impact on our common share trading price. In addition, if we sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or there is a perception that such sales may occur, the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted. MassMutual has the ability to significantly influence our business, and MassMutual’s interest in our business may be different from that of other shareholders. MassMutual is entitled to designate an individual to serve on our board so long as it beneficially owns at least (i) 10% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock; or (ii) 5% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock and $2.0 billion in aggregate liquidation preference of our Series A preferred shares. Additionally, we are not permitted to take certain actions without the prior written approval of MassMutual, including making certain changes in our capital structure or our organizational documents, adopting a shareholder rights plan or effectuating certain business combination transactions. MassMutual’s level of ownership and influence may make some transactions (such as those involving mergers, material share issuances or changes in control) more difficult or impossible without the support of MassMutual, which in turn could adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their shares of our common stock. The interests of MassMutual may conflict with the interests of other shareholders. Further, MassMutual has made significant capital or seed investments in several of our products. If MassMutual decides not to provide additional capital or seed investments in the future or to withdraw material amounts of capital or seed investments in existing products, it could impact our ability to timely launch new products or impact existing products. Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters We operate in an industry that is highly regulated in most countries, and any enforcement action or proceeding against us or significant changes in the laws or regulations governing our business or industry could damage our reputation or decrease our AUM, revenues, net income or liquidity. Like other investment management companies, our activities are highly regulated in nearly every country in which we conduct business. The regulatory environment in which we operate frequently changes, and in recent years we have observed a significant increase in both regulatory changes and enforcement actions and proceedings brought by governmental agencies and self-regulatory authorities against financial services companies. Laws and regulations generally grant governmental agencies and industry self-regulatory authorities broad administrative discretion over our activities, including the power to require registrations or licenses, limit or restrict our business activities, conduct examinations, risk assessments, investigations and capital adequacy reviews and impose remedial programs to address perceived deficiencies. As a result of regulatory oversight, we could face requirements, actions or proceedings that negatively impact the way in which we conduct business, delay or deny approval for new products or service offerings, cause or contribute to reduced sales of or increased redemptions of our existing products or services, impair the investment performance of certain of our products or services, impact our product mix, increase our compliance costs and/or impose additional capital requirements. Our regulators likewise have the authority to commence enforcement actions or proceedings that could lead to penalties and sanctions up to and including the revocation of registrations or licenses necessary to operate certain businesses, the suspension or expulsion from a particular jurisdiction or market of any of our business organizations or their key personnel or the imposition of fines and censures on us or our employees. Further, regulators across borders can coordinate actions against us resulting in impacts on our business in multiple jurisdictions. Judgments or findings of wrongdoing or non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations by governmental authorities or industry self-regulatory authorities, or in private civil litigation against us, could affect our reputation, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues. Any of the effects discussed above could have a material negative impact on our AUM, revenues, net income or liquidity. Current and anticipated regulatory developments include requirements related to AI, cybersecurity, and digital operational resilience, as well as evolving ESG disclosure standards and cross-border data transfer restrictions. Global divergence in these regulations could create conflicting obligations and increase compliance complexity. These changes may require significant investment of management time and resources, impact product design and distribution, and materially increase compliance costs or capital requirements. Failure to comply with these evolving requirements could result in enforcement actions, reputational harm, and restrictions on our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. 21 Table of Contents A substantial portion of the products and services we offer in the U.S. are regulated by the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, National Futures Association, Department of Labor and Texas Department of Banking, in the U.K. are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and in Hong Kong, China, and Japan are regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and the Financial Services Agency, respectively. Subsidiaries operating in the EU and the products and services they provide are mainly regulated by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg and Central Bank of Ireland, and by the European Securities and Markets Authority. Such subsidiaries are also subject to various EU Directives, which generally are implemented by member state national legislation and by EU Regulations. Our operations elsewhere in the world are regulated by similar agencies and authorities. Regulators in the U.S., U.K., EU and Asia, have promulgated or are considering whether to promulgate various new or revised regulatory measures pertaining to financial services, including investment management. Regulatory developments and changes specific to our business will or may include, without limitation: • Regulations that place restrictions on certain outbound investments from the United States or by U.S. persons to companies operating in certain countries and/or industries perceived to be adverse to national security interests of the United States, such as the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Outbound Investment Security Program Rule that became effective in 2025, may impede our ability to provide certain products and/or make certain investments and add complexity to our compliance program with heightened regulatory requirements. • Regulations pertaining to privacy and the use, protection, transfer and management of personal data with respect to clients, employees and business partners. Privacy laws, such as the European and U.K. General Data Protection Regulation, U.S. state privacy laws and financial sector regulations, India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act, China’s Personal Information Protection Law and Bermuda's Personal Information Protection Act, have strengthened privacy requirements for organizations handling personal data, granted individuals more rights and control over the use of their personal data and greatly increased penalties for non-compliance. In addition, rules and legal requirements for international transfers of personal data from Europe and Asia create additional complexity and risk, particularly regarding integrated global cloud-based systems and business services employed by us. An emerging risk is the use of personal data in AI systems, including privacy regulations related to automated decision making based on personal data. • Regulations aimed at addressing concerns associated with open-end funds making investments in less liquid asset classes. Financial regulators in the U.S., U.K. and EU have periodically expressed concern that the daily redeemability features of these funds may create a “liquidity mismatch” with the assets in which they invest, and that this mismatch can give rise to investor dilution and systemic risk, especially in times of financial market stress. In the EU, recent amendments to the Undertakings for the Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) and Alternative Investment Fund Managers directive frameworks introduce new rules regarding the use of certain liquidity management tools by UCITS funds and AIFs. Regulations intended to address such perceived liquidity risk could impede our ability to provide certain types of investment strategies in open-end funds or impair the investment performance of certain of our existing open-end fund products. • Regulations pertaining to the integration of ESG in asset management. These regulations have materially impacted the asset management industry in the EU and U.K in recent years. In particular, these regulations have required the integration of sustainability risks within investment management processes and imposed enhanced disclosure requirements on the ESG characteristics of EU and U.K. investment products. In the EU, proposed changes to the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation were released in 2025 and will lead to significant changes to funds’ ESG features and categorizations. The EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive sets out new ESG disclosure requirements for EU domiciled companies and non-EU groups having substantial activities in the EU (like we do) based on new European standards. Certain U.S. states are pursuing similar initiatives, albeit with varying requirements. Further, the SEC in the recent past has increased its enforcement activity relating to ESG disclosures and practices of asset managers and may do so again. Equally, several Asian jurisdictions are introducing climate-related risk and reporting requirements as well as ESG product disclosure standards. Varying or inconsistent ESG-related regulations across multiple jurisdictions in which we operate can adversely impact the types of investment products and services that we can provide, increase our compliance costs and increase the risk that we could be subject to enforcement actions or proceedings for ESG-related compliance failures. • More rigorous laws and regulations applicable to asset managers with respect to anti-money laundering and the financing of terrorism (AML/CFT), which may increase our compliance costs and regulatory enforcement risk. For example, recent amendments to regulations under the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act will require our subsidiaries that are U.S. registered investment advisers to implement reasonably designed AML/CFT programs, file suspicious activity reports with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, maintain certain associated records and fulfill certain other obligations, similar to requirements imposed on banks and broker-dealers in the U.S. 22 Table of Contents • Regulations promulgated from time-to-time to mitigate cybersecurity and information, technology and communication (ICT) risks, including regulations that could require asset managers and certain types of investment funds to adopt and implement procedures that are reasonably designed to address cybersecurity and ICT risks and to promptly report significant cybersecurity and ICT-related incidents to relevant regulators or even publicly. New cybersecurity and ICT-related requirements may raise our compliance costs, while compelled disclosure of cybersecurity or ICT-related incidents could cause us reputational harm. • The application of antitrust, change in bank control and similar competition laws and regulations to the asset management industry, including proposed amendments to these laws and regulations that could require large asset managers like us to, in certain circumstances, make acquisition notification filings or requests for approval with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, Department of Justice and/or U.S. banking regulators before we acquire securities for the accounts of our clients, and the potential for antitrust regulators to promulgate regulations limiting common ownership of competitive companies by a single fund or by affiliated funds in a single fund complex. Developments in these laws and regulations and their application to our business could impede our ability to provide certain products or limit the AUM of certain investment strategies that we provide. We cannot predict the full impact of legal and regulatory changes, changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations or possible enforcement actions or proceedings on our business. Such matters have imposed, and are likely to continue to impose, new compliance costs and/or capital requirements or impact us in other ways that could have a material adverse impact on our AUM, revenues, net income or liquidity. Moreover, certain legal or regulatory changes could require us to modify our strategies, businesses, product portfolios or operations, and we may incur other new costs or impacts, including the investment of significant management time and resources, to satisfy new regulatory requirements or to compete in a changed regulatory environment. In recent years, certain regulatory developments have also added to downward pressures on our fee levels. Civil litigation and governmental investigations and enforcement actions or proceedings against us could adversely affect our AUM and future net income and increase our costs of doing business. We and certain of our subsidiaries have in recent years been subject to various legal proceedings, including civil litigation and governmental investigations and enforcement actions and proceedings. These proceedings can arise from normal business operations and/or matters that have been the subject of previous regulatory examinations. As a global company with investment products registered and/or regulated in numerous countries and subject to the jurisdiction of one or more regulators in each country, at any given time our business operations may be subject to review, investigation or disciplinary action. For example, governmental agencies and authorities regularly make inquiries, conduct investigations and administer examinations with respect to the company's compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Lawsuits or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of these inquiries may in the future be filed against the company, its subsidiaries and/or its employees. Judgments in civil litigation or findings of wrongdoing by these agencies or authorities against us could affect our reputation, result in damages, fines, penalties or sanctions for which we would be responsible and/or increase our costs of doing business, any of which could have a material negative impact on our AUM, revenues, net income or liquidity. Legislative and other measures that may be taken by governmental authorities could materially increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our net income or liquidity. The international tax environment continues to change as a result of both coordinated actions by governments and unilateral measures designed by individual countries, both intended to address concerns over tax base erosion, profit shifting, and perceived international tax avoidance. A growing number of jurisdictions have enacted, or have announced that they will enact, legislation to implement aspects of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s (OECD) global anti-base erosion rules intended to ensure that multinational companies pay a 15% minimum level of tax on a jurisdictional basis. In most jurisdictions, the new minimum tax rules were effective in 2024 with certain aspects of the rules becoming effective in 2025. In addition, in response to the OECD’s minimum tax proposal, Bermuda has enacted a corporate tax regime with a tax rate of 15%, effective January 1, 2025. As a result of these developments, our tax liabilities could increase. We continually assess the impact of various U.S. federal, state and foreign legislative proposals and modifications to existing tax treaties, which could result in a material increase in our tax liability. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. However, if unfavorable legislation were to be enacted, or if modifications were to be made to certain existing tax treaties, the consequences could have a materially adverse impact on the company, including increasing our tax burden, increasing the cost of our tax compliance or otherwise adversely affecting our future net income and liquidity. 23 Table of Contents In addition, changes in individual and corporate income tax rates, including the capital gains and dividend tax rates, could cause investors to view certain investment products we manage less favorably and reduce investor demand for the products and services we offer, which could have an adverse effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. Examinations and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. The company and its subsidiaries are subject to income and non-income based taxes in numerous jurisdictions as well as current and potentially future tax audits. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes (and, in certain cases, interest, fines or penalties). We accrue tax liabilities for certain tax issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. We adjust these liabilities periodically due to changes in interpretations of tax laws, status of tax authority examinations and new regulatory or judicial guidance that could impact the relative merits and risks of tax positions. Due to the complexity of these tax issues, the ultimate 