 We operate in a changing global environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected and could affect us in the future. We may also be affected by unknown risks or risks that we currently think are immaterial. If any such events actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Summary Risk Factors The following is a summary of some of the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Our Operations • We engage in a highly competitive business. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Page 16 • Our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the award of these contracts and economic conditions. Demand for our services may be impacted by continuing inflation, high interest rates, international trade issues, including tariffs and counter tariffs, and/or construction costs. • Project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites exposes us to significant financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities. • The nature of our contracts, particularly any fixed-price contracts, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. We may experience losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or the project experiences delays. • Our failure to meet performance requirements or contractual schedules could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily an accurate representation of our future revenues or earnings. • The outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. Our services expose us to significant monetary damages or even criminal violations and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage. • A reduction in the amount of available governmental funding could materially affect our results of operations. • We are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts. • Employee, agent or partner misconduct, or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations, could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits. • Cybersecurity or privacy breaches, or systems and information technology interruption or failure could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to contractual penalties, significant financial losses and/or reputational harm. • Our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements. • Our benefit plan expenses and obligations may fluctuate depending on various factors, including inflation, changes in levels of interest rates, and pension plan asset performance. • Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. • Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, train and utilize qualified personnel while managing the risks associated with remote and hybrid working arrangements. • Any harm to our professional reputation or relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including by negatively impacting the amount of work awarded to us and our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. • Our focus on new growth areas entails risks, including those associated with new relationships, clients, talent needs, capabilities, service offerings, and maintaining our collaborative culture and core values. • If we, or our subsidiaries or companies in which we have made strategic investments, lose, or experience a significant reduction in, business from one or a few large customers, it could have a material adverse impact on us. Risks Related to International Operations • Our international operations are exposed to additional risks and uncertainties, including unfavorable political developments and weak foreign economies. • Foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects. • Our global presence could give rise to material fluctuations in our income tax rates. • International trade issues, including tariffs and counter tariffs, may have a negative impact on our business. Risks Related to Acquisitions, Investments, Joint Ventures and Divestitures • We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation Transaction, and could incur a significant tax liability if the terms of the IRS private letter ruling are not satisfied. • Our use of joint ventures, partnerships and strategic investments in entities exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. • An impairment charge on our goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. • We may engage in acquisitions, divestments and strategic investments as part of our business strategy to accelerate our growth and we may make minority investments as well, all of which present certain risks and uncertainties. Page 17 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance • Past and future non-financial health, safety, security and environment-related laws and regulations could impose significant additional costs and liabilities. • If we fail to comply with any governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected. • We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. Risks Related to Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility • Climate change and related environmental issues, including those related to compliance with new and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • We may be unable to achieve our climate commitments and targets. • Increasing scrutiny and changing and conflicting expectations from governmental organizations, clients, investors, suppliers and partners, communities and our employees with respect to our practices and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Credit Markets • We rely in part on liquidity from our credit facilities to fund our business. Restrictions in our credit facilities and other indebtedness could adversely impact our business. Our businesses may be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. • Maintaining adequate bonding, letter of credit and bank guarantee capacity is necessary for us to successfully win some contracts. • Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase and our net income and cash flows to correspondingly decrease . Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Corporate Structure • Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock. • There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends on our common stock. • In the event we issue stock as consideration for certain acquisitions we may make, we could dilute share ownership, and if we receive stock in connection with a divestiture, the value of stock is subject to fluctuation. • We are a holding company. Substantially all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries. We depend on the performance of our subsidiaries and their ability to make distributions to us to fund our operations. Risks Related to Our Operations We engage in a highly competitive business. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. We face intense competition to provide technical, professional and construction management services to clients. The markets we serve are highly competitive and we compete against a large number of regional, national and multinational companies. The extent and type of our competition varies by industry, geographic area and project type. Our projects are frequently awarded through a competitive procurement process. We are constantly competing for project awards based on pricing, schedule and the breadth and technical sophistication of our services. Competition can place downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, which increases the risk that, among other things, we may not realize profit margins at the same rates as we have seen in the past or may become responsible for costs or other liabilities we have not accepted in the past. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Page 18 Our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the award of these contracts. Our revenues depend on new contract awards. Delays in the timing of the awards or cancellations of such projects as a result of economic conditions, material and equipment pricing and availability or other factors could impact our long-term projected results. It is particularly difficult to predict whether or when we will receive large-scale projects as these contracts frequently involve a lengthy and complex procurement and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors, such as market conditions or governmental and environmental approvals. Since a significant portion of our revenues is generated from such projects, our results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts. Furthermore, many of these contracts are subject to financing contingencies and, as a result, we are subject to the risk that the customer will not be able to secure the necessary financing for the project. The uncertainty of our contract award timing can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract needs. In some cases, we maintain and bear the cost of a ready workforce that is larger than necessary under existing contracts in anticipation of future workforce needs for expected contract awards. When an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we incur additional costs resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Demand for our services is impacted by economic downturns, reductions in private or government spending and times of political uncertainty. We provide full spectrum technical and professional solutions to clients operating in a number of sectors and industries, including programs for various national, state and local governments, including advanced manufacturing, cities & places, energy, environmental, life sciences, transportation, water and other general industrial and consumer businesses and sectors. These sectors and industries and the resulting demand for our services have been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including economic conditions and changes in client spending, particularly during periods of economic or political uncertainty. Consequently, our results have varied, and may continue to vary, depending upon the demand for future projects in the markets and the locations in which we operate. Uncertain global economic, socioeconomic and political conditions may negatively impact our clients’ ability and willingness to fund their projects, including their ability to raise capital and pay, or timely pay, our invoices. These factors may also cause our clients to reduce their capital expenditures, alter the mix of services purchased, seek more favorable pricing and other contract terms and otherwise slow their spending on our services. For example, in the public sector, declines in federal funding and state and local tax revenues, as well as other economic declines, may result in lower state and local government spending. In addition, under such conditions, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or accept terms and conditions in contracts that we might not deem acceptable. These conditions may reduce the demand for our services, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, uncertain economic, socioeconomic and political conditions may make it difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. We cannot predict the outcome of changing trade policies, including tariffs and counter tariffs, or other unanticipated socioeconomic or political conditions, nor can we predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic recovery or downturn worldwide or in our clients’ markets. In addition, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy and, therefore, during any such period we may not recover as quickly as the economy at large. Weak economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if a significant portion of our clients or projects are concentrated in a specific geographic area or industry, our business may be disproportionately affected by regional conflicts, negative trends or economic downturns in those specific geographic areas or industries. Continuing inflation and high interest rates and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to our fixed-price contracts. Continuing or renewed inflation and high interest rates and/or construction costs (including supply chain issues) could reduce the demand for our services. In addition, we bear all of the risk of high inflation with respect to those contracts that are fixed-price. Because a significant portion of our revenues are earned from cost-reimbursable type contracts (approximately 68% during fiscal 2025 ), the effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years have been generally minor. However, if we continue to experience inflationary pressures, inflation may have a larger impact on our results of operations in the future, particularly if we expand our Page 19 business into markets and geographic areas where fixed-price and lump-sum work is more prevalent. Therefore, continued or renewed inflation, high interest rates and/or construction costs and supply chain challenges and/or frustrations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites, whether by us or by our employees, contractors, subcontractors, clients, the property owner or others working at the project site, can lead to injury, disabilities or fatalities. Such incidents could expose Jacobs to financial loss, reputational damage and potential civil or criminal liability. Project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes and hazardous and highly regulated materials, in a challenging environment and often in geographically remote locations. We may be expressly responsible for safety on some project sites, and, accordingly, we have an obligation to implement effective safety procedures at such sites. The failure by us or others working at such sites to implement safety procedures or the implementation of ineffective procedures, or the failure to implement and follow appropriate safety procedures, subjects our employees, contractors, subcontractors and others to the risk of injury, disability or loss of life, and subjects us to risk that the completion or commencement of our projects may be delayed and we may be exposed to litigation or investigations. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients and raise our operating and insurance costs. We are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health, safety, security and environment ("HSSE"). Although we maintain functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective HSSE work procedures throughout our organization, including project sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to fines as well as criminal and/or civil liability. In addition, despite the work of our functional groups, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel or that there will be no damage to or loss of our work, equipment or supplies. Our HSSE performance is critical to our reputation. Many of our clients require that we meet certain HSSE criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. For all of the foregoing reasons, if we fail to maintain adequate HSSE standards, we could suffer harm to our reputation, reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The nature of our contracts, particularly any fixed-price contracts, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. We may experience reduced profits or losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or the project experiences delays. For fiscal 2025, approximately 32% of our revenues were earned under fixed-price contracts. Both fixed-price and many cost-reimbursable contracts require us to estimate the total cost of the project in advance of our performance. For fixed-price contracts, we may benefit from any cost-savings, but we bear greater risk of paying some, if not all, of any cost overruns. Fixed-price contracts are established in part on proposed designs, which may be partial or incomplete, cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, commodity and other materials pricing and cost and availability of labor (including the cost of any related benefits or entitlements), equipment and materials and other exigencies. Cost overruns can occur, leading to reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project for a variety of reasons, including if the design or the estimates prove inaccurate or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather, supply chain or other delays beyond our control, changes in the costs of equipment or raw materials, our vendors’ or subcontractors’ inability or failure to perform, or changes in geopolitical and general economic conditions, such as tariffs, counter tariffs and other inflationary pressures. We may present change orders and claims to our clients, subcontractors and vendors for, among other things, additional costs exceeding the original contract price. If we fail to properly document the nature of our claims and change orders or are otherwise unsuccessful in negotiating reasonable settlements with our clients, subcontractors and vendors, we will likely incur cost overruns, reduced profits or, in some cases, could result in a loss for a project. These risks are exacerbated for projects with long-term durations because there is an increased risk that the circumstances on which we based our original estimates will change in a manner that increases costs. The occurrence of significant costs overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Page 20 Our failure to meet performance requirements or contractual schedules could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many of our contracts require us to satisfy specific progress or performance milestones in order to receive payment from the customer. As a result, we often incur significant costs for engineering, materials, components, equipment, labor or subcontractors prior to receipt of payment from a customer, which may impact our liquidity. In some circumstances, we may incur penalties if we do not achieve project completion by a scheduled date. In some cases, the occurrence of delays may be due to factors outside of our control, such as due to supply chain shortages, issues with subcontractor performance and/or compliance with laws, regulations, contracts or otherwise. Our contracts that are fundamentally cost reimbursable in nature may also present a risk to the extent the final cost on a project exceeds the amount the customer expected or budgeted. Like fixed-price contracts, the expected cost of cost-reimbursable projects is based in part on partial design and our estimates of the resources and time necessary to perform such contracts. A portion of the fee is often linked to these estimates and the related final cost and schedule objectives, and if for whatever reason these objectives are not met, the project may be less profitable than we expect or even result in losses. The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily an accurate representation of our future revenues or earnings. Backlog represents estimates of the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. As of the end of fiscal 2025, our backlog totaled approximately $23.1 billion. There is no assurance that backlog will actually be realized as revenues in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. In accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts, including our U.S. government work, are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client, and may be subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided, as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. In the event of a project cancellation, we would generally have no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. Projects can remain in backlog for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. The risk of contracts in backlog being canceled or suspended generally increases during periods of widespread economic slowdowns or in response to changes in commodity prices. In some markets, there is a continuing trend toward cost-reimbursable contracts with incentive-fee arrangements. Typically, our incentive fees are based on such things as achievement of target completion dates or target costs, overall safety performance, overall client satisfaction and other performance criteria. If we fail to meet such targets or achieve the expected performance standards, we may receive a lower, or even zero, incentive fee resulting in lower gross margins. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the contracts in backlog, assuming they produce the revenues currently expected, will generate gross margins at the rates we have realized in the past. Contracts with or funded by the U.S. federal government, other governments and their agencies pose additional risks compared to contracts with or wholly-funded by private sector clients. The U.S. federal government represented approximately 8% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025. Contracts with or funded by the U.S. government, other governments and their respective agencies, which are an important source of our revenue and profit, are subject to additional risks compared to contracts with private sector clients: • Some of our contracts are long-term government contracts, which are only funded on an annual basis. In addition, public-supported financing, such as state and local municipal bonds, may be only partially raised at the beginning of a program, with additional funding normally only committed as appropriations are made in each fiscal year. If appropriations for funding are not made in subsequent years of a multiple-year contract, we may not be able to realize all of our anticipated revenue and profits from that project. Any changes in government capital allocations, or any under-staffing of government departments or agencies, including resulting from layoffs within the government, or any government shutdowns impacting our business interaction with affected departments or agencies, could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders, could limit the government’s ability to effectively progress programs and make timely payments, and could limit our ability to perform on our existing government contracts and successfully compete for new work. Governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated. Our government clients may also shift its spending focus toward areas in which we do not currently provide services. Page 21 • Our contracts with governmental agencies and our contracts which receive government funding are subject to audit, investigations and proceedings which could result in adjustments to reimbursable contract costs or, if we are charged with wrongdoing, possible temporary or permanent suspension from participating in government programs, and a variety of penalties can be imposed on us including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. • Governmental agencies may modify, curtail or terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if we do not replace them, we may suffer a decline in revenue. In addition, for some assignments, the U.S. government may attempt to “insource” the services to government employees rather than outsource to a contractor. • Most government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process, which may emphasize price over other qualitative factors. The U.S. federal government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contracts with multiple contractors that generally require those contractors to engage in an additional competitive procurement process for each task order issued under a contract. This process may result in us facing significant additional pricing pressure and uncertainty and incurring additional costs. • We may not be awarded government contracts because of existing policies designed to protect small, under-represented and/or disadvantaged businesses. • Government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, which affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. For example, for contracts with the U.S. federal government, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the Truth in Negotiations Act, the Cost Accounting Standards, and numerous regulations governing environmental protection and employment practices. Government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. This includes, for example, unlimited indemnification obligations. • Some of our federal government contracts require us to have security clearances, which can be difficult and time consuming to obtain. If our employees or our facilities are unable to obtain or retain the necessary security clearances, our clients could terminate or not renew existing contracts or award us new contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. These various uncertainties, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by government authorities as well as profit and cost controls, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our services expose us to significant monetary damages or even criminal violations and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage. We provide services that are subject to professional standards and qualifications, including providing services that are based on our professional engineering expertise, as well as our other professional credentials. These services must comply with various professional standards, duties and obligations regulating the performance of such services. Our engineering practice, for example, involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public infrastructure projects. We also issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional expertise, such as issuing opinions and reports to government clients in connection with securities offerings. While we generally seek to reject liability for consequential damages in our contracts, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance programs designed to reduce potential liabilities, we may be deemed to be responsible for these professional judgments, recommendations or opinions, including, for example, if they are later determined to be inaccurate or if a catastrophic event or other failure occurs at one of our project sites or completed projects. Any unfavorable legal ruling against us could result in substantial monetary damages, disqualification to perform services in the future, or even criminal violations. Such events could result in significant professional liability, general liability or product liability and warranty or other claims against us that could be highly publicized and have reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. We could also be liable to third parties, including through class actions, even if we are not contractually bound to those third parties. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or the fees we generate, may not be covered by insurance at all due to various exclusions in our coverage and could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. Further, even where coverage applies, the policies have limits and deductibles or retentions or quota shares, which could result in our assumption of exposure for certain amounts with respect to any claim asserted against us. In addition, indemnification from clients or subcontractors may not be available. An uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, as well as any claim Page 22 covered by insurance but subject to a policy limit, high deductible and/or retention or quota share, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. We are a party to claims and litigation in the normal course of business, including litigation inherited through acquisitions. Since we engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities and projects where design, construction or systems failures at any such facility or project can result in substantial injury or damage to employees or others, and expose us to substantial claims and litigation and investigations relating to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, or pollution and environmental damage. We can also be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will achieve certain performance standards or satisfy certain technical requirements and those standards or requirements are not met. In many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors and vendors, we agree to retain or assume specified liabilities for damages, penalties, losses and other exposures relating to projects that could result in claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. In addition, while clients and subcontractors may agree to indemnify us against certain liabilities, such third parties may refuse or be unable to pay us. With a workforce of approximately 43,000 people globally, we are also party to labor and employment claims in the normal course of business. Certain of these claims relate to allegations of harassment and discrimination, pay equity, denial of benefits, wage and hour violations, whistleblower protections, concerted protected activity, and other employment protections, and may be pursued on an individual or class action basis depending on applicable laws and regulations. Some of such claims may be insurable, while other such claims may not. In addition, claims received from subcontractors or made by us for change orders can be the subject of lengthy negotiations, arbitration or litigation proceedings, which could result in the investment of significant amounts of working capital pending the resolution of the relevant change orders and claims. A failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. Additionally, irrespective of how well we document the nature of our claims and change orders, the cost to prosecute and defend claims and change orders can be significant. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. Pending or future claims against us could result in professional liability, criminal liability, professional warranty obligations, default under our credit agreements and other liabilities which, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. Unavailability or cancellation of insurance coverage could increase our overall risk exposure as well as disrupt the management of our business operations. We maintain insurance coverage from third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. Catastrophic events, litigation claims, and other market factors can result in decreased coverage limits, coverage that is more limited, increased premium costs or higher deductibles and/or retentions or quota shares. If any of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses could increase, and the management of our business operations could be disrupted. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of our existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration of the coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits. We have also elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, retentions, quota shares and limits under these programs. As a result, we may be subject to future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured. Page 23 A reduction in the amount of available governmental funding could materially affect our results of operations. Historically, we have benefited from both domestic and international government investment programs and bills that provide funding for our services, such as the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, the CHIPS and Science Act and the Inflation Reduction Act. While we expect to benefit from projects initiated as a result of such spending and stimulus bills, we may not be able to obtain the expected benefits from these bills or similar bills in the future. In addition, the timing of funding awards under these bills is uncertain, particularly in the United States following the change in the federal administration and subsequent reductions in government spending. A reduction in government investment in markets in which we operate could materially affect our results of operations. We are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts. We hire third-party contractors to perform a significant amount of the work performed under our contracts. We also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project will be impaired. If we are not able to locate qualified third-party subcontractors or the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump sum or a fixed-price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a subcontractor, supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies, parts or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, or fails to provide such services, supplies, parts or equipment in accordance with applicable quality, ethical or legal standards as required by the contract or regulation, we will be required to source these services, equipment, parts or supplies from other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favorable terms, which could impact contract profitability and/or could result in claims against us for damages. We are subject to disputes with our subcontractors from time to time relating to, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed, customer concerns about the subcontractor, or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a contract. In addition, faulty workmanship, equipment or materials would likely impact the overall project, which could result in claims against us for failure to meet required project specifications. In an uncertain or downturn economic environment, third parties may find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to help fund their operations. The inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party’s ability to provide materials, equipment or services which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a failure by a third party subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer to comply with applicable laws, regulations, client requirements or our global compliance standards, such as fair labor standards and prohibitions on forced labor could give rise to a range of adverse consequences, including potential civil or criminal liability and harm to our professional reputation, and could negatively impact our business and, for work performed for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Employee, agent or partner misconduct, or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations, could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits. We are subject to the risk of misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners, which could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct includes the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial and non-financial reporting, regulations pertaining to export control, environmental laws, employee wages, pay and benefits, and any other applicable laws or regulations. For example, we provide services that may be highly sensitive or that relate to critical national security matters; if a security breach were to occur, our ability to procure future government contracts could be severely limited. The precautions we take to prevent and detect these activities may not be effective and we could face unknown risks or losses. Further, any negative press reports regarding poor contract performance, employee, contractor or third-party subcontractor misconduct, information security breaches, engagements in or perceived connections to politically or socially sensitive activities, or other aspects of our business or industry could harm our reputation and materially impact our business. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or acts of misconduct could result in costly investigations and subjects us to the risk of fines and penalties, cancellation of contracts, loss of security clearance and suspension or debarment from contracting, any of which could damage our reputation, weaken our ability to win contracts and result in reduced revenues and profits and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Page 24 Cybersecurity or privacy breaches, or systems and information technology interruption or failure could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to contractual penalties, significant financial losses and/or reputational harm. We are subject to certain risks related to cyber-attacks, other interruptions, or errors and delays in our information technology systems. In the event we experience a cyber event that results in the theft of data or compromises operations, or we otherwise are unable to maintain or improve the efficiency and efficacy of our systems, the operation of such systems could result in the material loss, corruption, or release of data. In addition, our computer and communication systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, force majeure events, telecommunications failures, power loss, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, malicious code, physical or electronic security breaches, intentional or inadvertent user misuse or error or similar events, cyber-attacks or disruptions. Any of these or other events could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, protection of personal data and intellectual property and results of operations, as well as those of our clients. As a provider of information technology services operating in multiple regulated industries and geographies and a government contractor, we and our service providers, suppliers and subcontractors collect, store, transmit and otherwise process personal, confidential, proprietary and sensitive information, including classified information. As a result, our information technology systems, including those provided by third-party cloud providers or other infrastructure-as-a-service providers,which have grown over time, including through acquisitions, have, and will continue to experience threats and cyber-attacks, including unauthorized access, state-sponsored cyber attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, ransomware, phishing and other security breaches, problems and system disruptions, including unauthorized access to and disclosure of our and our clients’ proprietary, classified or other protected information. We are also subject to social engineering attacks which have caused, and may also seek to cause in the future, payments due to or from us to be misdirected to fraudulent accounts, which may not be recoverable by us. We also face increasing risks associated with operational technology ("OT") systems, particularly in our work supporting critical infrastructure sectors in which we operate. These risks include cyber threats targeting legacy and modernized OT environments, challenges in integrating secure digital solutions with aging infrastructure, and the growing attack surface introduced by IoT ("internet of things") and IIoT ("industrial internet of things") devices. Additionally, we must navigate evolving regulatory requirements and ensure operational continuity in the face of potential system disruptions. While we have security measures and technology in place designed to protect our and our clients’ proprietary, classified and other protected information, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent all threats to our computer systems. The U.S. federal government has continued to raise concerns about the potential for cyber-attacks generally as a result of heightened geopolitical tension and conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts and the escalating tensions in the Middle East, among others. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks (e.g., AI used to develop malicious code and sophisticated phishing attempts) . Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently, cyber-attacks continue to become more sophisticated and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target. As such, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. Any of these events could damage our reputation, result in significant business interruption, cause us to incur significant liability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continuously evaluate the need to upgrade and/or replace our systems and network infrastructure to protect our computing environment and information technology systems, to stay current on vendor supported products and to improve the efficiency of our systems and for other business reasons, including due to the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies and especially as we continue to operate under a hybrid working model under which employees can work and access the Company’s technology infrastructure remotely. The implementation of new systems and information technology could adversely impact our operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. In addition, our systems implementations may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. Systems implementation disruption and any other information technology disruption, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, as cybersecurity threats rapidly evolve in sophistication and become more prevalent globally, the associated risks described above may increase. Given that the techniques used in cyberattacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face Page 25 difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or mitigating harms after such an attack. In addition, laws, regulations, government guidance, and industry standards and practices in the United States and elsewhere are rapidly evolving to combat these threats. We may face increased compliance burdens regarding such requirements with regulators and also incur additional costs for oversight and monitoring of our own systems. In addition, laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of personal data, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the United Kingdom Data Protection Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, and other emerging U.S. state and global privacy laws pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate costs and may require changes to our business practices resulting from the variation of regulatory requirements and increased enforcement frequency. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, including related regulatory enforcement and/or private litigation resulting from a potential privacy breach, could result in governmental investigations, significant fines and penalties, damages from private causes of action, or reputational harm. Additionally, we are subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding cross-border transfers of personal data, including laws relating to transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area. If we cannot rely on existing mechanisms for transferring personal data, we may be unable to transfer personal data of employees and clients in those regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. We are also subject to data sovereignty requirements imposed by the U.S. government, other sovereign governments, and, in some cases, by clients through specific contractual provisions. These requirements restrict how and where data is stored, processed, and accessed, particularly in relation to sensitive or classified information. Compliance with these requirements often necessitates localized infrastructure, specialized data handling protocols, and enhanced cybersecurity controls. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in contractual penalties, reputational harm, or the loss of current and future business opportunities with affected clients, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property or that of our clients. Our technology and intellectual property provide us, in certain instances, with a competitive advantage. Although we seek to protect our intellectual property through registration, enforcement, licensing, contractual arrangements, security controls and similar mechanisms, we may not be able to successfully preserve our rights and they could lapse, expire or be invalidated, narrowed in scope, circumvented, challenged or become obsolete. Trade secrets are generally difficult to protect. We implement technical and administrative measures to protect our confidential information and trade secrets, including by requiring our employees and contractors be subject to confidentiality and invention assignment obligations, but such measures may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information or otherwise protect our intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which we operate do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws in the U.S. If we are unable to enforce, protect and maintain our intellectual property rights or if there are any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against our intellectual property or us, our ability to differentiate our service offerings could be reduced. Litigation to enforce our intellectual property against third parties, to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, or to determine or challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of intellectual property rights, even if we ultimately prevail, could be costly and could divert our leadership’s attention away from other aspects of our business. We also hold licenses to third-party technology or intellectual property, which may be utilized in our business operations. If we are no longer able to license such technology or intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. We may use third-party open source software in our products. Some open source licenses, such as “copyleft” open source licenses, require end-users who distribute software and services that include open source software to also make available all or part of such software’s source code. If our activities were determined to be non-compliant with the terms of any applicable “copyleft” open source licenses, we may be required to publicly release all or part of our proprietary source code for limited or no cost and our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. If our intellectual property rights or work processes become obsolete, we may not be able to differentiate our service offerings and some of our competitors may be able to offer more attractive services to our customers. Our competitors may independently attempt to develop or obtain access to technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies. Page 26 We will also need to continue to respond to and anticipate changes resulting from artificial intelligence and other similarly disruptive technologies. If we are not successful in preserving and protecting our intellectual property rights and licenses, including trade secrets, or in staying ahead of developing artificial intelligence technologies, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our clients or other third parties may also provide us with their proprietary technology and intellectual property. There is a risk we may not sufficiently protect our or their information from improper use or dissemination and, as a result, we could be subject to claims and litigation and resulting liabilities, loss of contracts or other consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Government authorities may obtain certain information related to, or rights in or to the intellectual property in, our products or services. This may allow government authorities to disclose such information or license such intellectual property to third parties, including our competitors, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Assertions by third parties of infringement, misappropriation or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition and operation results. In recent years, there has been significant litigation involving intellectual property rights in technology industries. We may face from time to time, allegations that we or a supplier or customer have violated the rights of third parties, including patent, trademark, and other intellectual property rights. If, with respect to any claim against us for violation of third-party intellectual property rights, we are unable to prevail in the litigation or retain or obtain sufficient rights or develop non-infringing intellectual property or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely or cost-efficient basis, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. Any infringement, misappropriation or related claims, whether or not meritorious, are time consuming, divert technical and management personnel, and are costly to resolve. As a result of any such dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease utilizing products or services, or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. If we do not have adequate indemnification for our nuclear services, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act, commonly called the Price-Anderson Act (“PAA”), is a U.S. federal law, which, among other things, regulates radioactive materials and the nuclear energy industry, including liability and compensation in the event of nuclear related incidents. The PAA provides certain protections and indemnification to nuclear energy plant operators and U.S. Department of Energy (“DoE”) contractors. The PAA protections and indemnification apply to us as part of our services to the U.S. nuclear energy industry and DoE for new facilities, maintenance, modification, decontamination and decommissioning of nuclear energy, weapons and research facilities. We offer similar services in other jurisdictions outside the U.S. For those jurisdictions, varying levels of nuclear liability protection is provided by international treaties, and/or domestic laws, such as the Nuclear Liability and Compensation Act of Canada and the Nuclear Installations Act of the United Kingdom, insurance and/or assets of the nuclear installation operators (some of which are backed by governments) as well as under appropriate enforceable contractual indemnifications and hold-harmless provisions. These protections and indemnifications, however, may not cover all of our liability that could arise in the performance of these services. To the extent the PAA or other protections and indemnifications do not apply to our services, the cost of losses associated with liability not covered by the available protections and indemnifications, or by virtue of our loss of business because of these added costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements. In preparing our financial statements, our leadership is required under U.S. GAAP to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our leadership include: Page 27 • Recognition of contract revenue, costs, profit or losses in applying the principles of percentage of completion accounting; • Estimated amounts for expected project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs; • Recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims; • Collectability of billed and unbilled accounts receivable and the need and amount of any allowance for expected credit losses; • Estimates of other liabilities, including litigation and insurance revenues/reserves and reserves necessary for self-insured risks; • Accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; • Valuation of assets acquired, and liabilities, goodwill, and intangible assets assumed, in acquisitions and ongoing assessment of impairment; • Valuation estimates for redeemable noncontrolling interest calculations; • Valuation of stock-based compensation; • The determination of liabilities under pension and other post retirement benefit programs; and • Income tax provisions and related valuation allowances. Our actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Impairment of long-lived assets or restructuring activities may require us to record a significant charge to earnings. Our long-lived assets, including our lease right-of-use assets, equity investments and others, are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow at the asset group level has resulted in, and could result in additional, impairment of our long-lived assets. Further changes in the business environment could lead to changes in the scope of operations of our business. These changes, including the closure of one or more offices, could result in restructuring and/or asset impairment charges. Our benefit plan expenses and obligations may fluctuate depending on various factors, including inflation, changes in levels of interest rates, changes in regulations and pension plan asset performance. We have various employee benefit plan obligations that require us to make contributions to satisfy, over time, our underfunded benefit obligations, which are generally determined by calculating the projected benefit obligations minus the fair value of plan assets. For example, as of September 26, 2025 and September 27, 2024, our defined benefit pension and post retirement benefit plans were underfunded by $41.5 million and $82.2 million, respectively, not including U.S. multiemployer pension plans. See Note 13- Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefit Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional disclosure. We may have to contribute additional cash to meet any underfunded benefit obligations associated with retirement and post retirement benefit plans we manage or for which we have contribution or funding obligations (e.g., multiemployer pension plans). If we are required to contribute a significant amount of the deficit for underfunded benefit plans, our cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, we provide health care and other benefits to our employees. In recent years, costs for health care have increased more rapidly than general inflation in the U.S. economy. If this trend in health care costs continues, our cost to provide such benefits could increase, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We are also a participating employer in various Multi-Employer Pension Plans ("MEPPs") associated with some of the work we perform on a union basis, which MEPPs are managed by third party trusts and over which we have no control, including as to how the MEPPs are managed or financial investment decisions are made. If any of these MEPPs is underfunded, we could face the imposition of underfunded liability or withdrawal liability at a materially adverse level. We also continue to monitor changes in global pension regulations, as the complexity of pension laws in the jurisdictions where we sponsor plans can present financial risks in the event of non-compliance. Page 28 Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. Extraordinary or force majeure events beyond our control, such as natural or human caused disasters and geopolitical volatility and conflicts, could negatively impact our ability to operate. As an example, from time to time we face unexpected severe weather conditions that may result in weather-related delays that are not always reimbursable under a fixed-price contract; evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services; increased labor and material costs in areas resulting from weather-related damage and subsequent increased demand for labor and materials for repairing and rebuilding; inability to deliver materials, equipment and personnel to work locations in accordance with contract schedules; and loss of productivity. When making contract proposals, we rely heavily on our estimates of costs and timing to complete the associated projects, as well as assumptions regarding technical issues. However, we may remain obligated to perform our services after any natural or human caused event, unless a force majeure clause or other contractual provision provides us with relief from our contractual obligations. Our profitability may be adversely affected when we incur contract costs that we cannot bill to our customers. If we are not able to react quickly to such events, or if a high concentration of our projects is in a specific geographic region that suffers from a natural or human caused catastrophe, our operations may be significantly affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations. In addition, if we cannot complete our contracts on time, we may be subject to potential liability claims by our clients which may reduce our profits. Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel. The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, architects, designers, craft personnel and corporate leadership professionals who have the required experience and expertise at a reasonable cost. The market for these and other personnel is competitive. From time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise, and in the timeframe, demanded by our clients, or to replace such personnel when needed in a timely manner. In certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel. Furthermore, some of our personnel hold government granted clearance that may be required to obtain government projects. If we were to lose some or all of these personnel, they would be difficult to replace. Loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, qualified technical and leadership personnel could limit our ability to successfully complete existing projects and compete for new projects. In addition, in the event that any of our key personnel retire or otherwise leave the Company, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans, which requires devoting time and resources toward identifying and integrating new personnel into leadership roles and other key positions. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Remote and hybrid working arrangements may increase our costs and adversely impact our culture and our ability to effectively recruit, retain and train our personnel. Many of our employees have been working remotely since the COVID-19 pandemic. Remote working arrangements require that we continue to adopt techniques and tools to effectively train and integrate new hires and preserve our culture. Failure to effectively train our employees could create challenges for us in maintaining high levels of employee awareness of, and compliance with, our internal procedures and external regulatory compliance requirements, in addition to increasing our recruiting, training and supervisory costs, while failure to preserve our culture for any reason could harm our future success, including our ability to recruit new talent in the marketplace and retain existing personnel, innovate and operate effectively and execute on our business strategy. Conversely, our new hybrid working policy, which requires certain employees to work in an assigned office or client site for a minimum number of days each week, requires that we adopt techniques to effectively communicate and demonstrate the benefits of in-person collaboration, team building and execution and individual and team learning and professional development. Failure to adequately communicate and demonstrate the benefits of our hybrid working policy and obtain employee buy-in could similarly harm our future success, including our ability to recruit new talent in the marketplace and retain existing personnel, innovate and operate effectively and execute on our business strategy. Page 29 Negotiations with labor unions and possible work actions could disrupt operations and increase labor costs and operating expenses. A certain portion of our work force has entered into, and additional portions may in the future enter into, collective bargaining agreements, which on occasion may require renegotiation. The outcome of future negotiations relating to union representation or collective bargaining agreements may not be favorable to the Company in that they may increase our operating expenses and lower our net income as a result of higher wages or benefit expenses. In addition, negotiations with unions diverts management attention and could disrupt operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, we may have to address union-related work actions, including work slowdowns, lockouts and strikes. Depending on the nature, type and duration of any work action, these actions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our professional reputation and relationships are critical to our business, and any harm to our reputation or relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our professional reputation is critical to maintaining strong relationships with our customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and the communities in which we operate. Adverse publicity or negative public perception of our company, whether actual or perceived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • Reputational harm may arise from a variety of sources, including, but not limited to: • Project performance issues, such as schedule delays, work stoppages, cost overruns or failure to meet project specifications or professional standards; • Health, safety, or security incidents at work sites involving our employees, contractors, subcontractors, clients or others; • Cybersecurity or data protection failures, including breaches of confidential or proprietary information; • Mismanagement of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence; • Compliance lapses, including those related to domestic and foreign government laws, regulations and policies; • Environmental incidents, such as the contamination of, or damage to, natural resources or the environment, caused by us or our contractors, subcontractors, agents or partners; • Changing and evolving values and perceptions regarding climate change and sustainability, including any perceived shortcomings in our climate- or sustainability-related practices or policies; • Engagements in or perceived connections to politically or socially sensitive activities; • Misconduct, fraud or other improper conduct or other acts resulting in reputational damage by our employees, contractors, subcontractors, agents, partners or anyone performing on behalf of the company; and • Disputes with our partners or clients or negative outcomes of pending or future claims and litigation. The speed and reach of digital communications and social media increase the likelihood that negative information, whether accurate or not, could spread quickly and be difficult to remediate. Damage to our reputation may affect customer and government agency decisions in awarding contracts, as many of our public-sector and large private-sector customers place high importance on past performance, safety records, and community impact. Reputational harm may also negatively influence employee morale, talent retention, and recruitment, while increasing regulatory oversight and/or compliance costs, or result in more restrictive contract terms. In addition, a loss of investor, lender, or community confidence could increase our cost of capital, limit our access to future business opportunities and diminish shareholder value. Any such reputational damage, whether arising from a single event or a series of issues, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Page 30 Our focus on new growth areas for our business entails risks, including those associated with new relationships, clients, talent needs, capabilities, service and product offerings, and maintaining our collaborative culture and core values. We are focused on growing our presence in our addressable markets by: expanding our relationships with existing clients, suppliers, subcontractors and partners across our full value chain, developing new clients by leveraging our core competencies, further developing our existing capabilities and service offerings, creating new capabilities and solutions offerings to address our clients' emerging needs, and undertaking business development efforts focused on identifying near-term developments and long-term trends that may pose significant challenges for our clients, and identifying potential corporate acquisitions that could strengthen or enhance our service offerings. These efforts entail inherent risks associated with innovation and competition from other participants in those areas, potential failure to help our clients respond to the challenges they face, our ability to manage risk exposure and comply with uncertain evolving legal standards applicable to certain of our offerings, including those in the cybersecurity area and related to PFAS services offered to our clients, and, with respect to potential international growth, risks associated with operating in foreign jurisdictions, such as compliance with applicable foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that may impose different and, occasionally, conflicting or contradictory requirements, and the economic, legal, and political conditions in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. As we work to develop new capabilities, service and product offerings and relationships with existing and potential clients, suppliers, subcontractors and partners across our full value chain, these efforts could harm our results of operations due to, among other things, a diversion of our focus and resources and actual costs, opportunity costs of pursuing these opportunities in lieu of others and a failure to reach a profitable return on our investments in new technologies, capabilities, and businesses, including expenses on research and development investments, and these efforts could ultimately be unsuccessful. The needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Our success depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends; develop or acquire technologically advanced, innovative, and cost-effective products and services; and market these products and services to our customers. For example, one of our business strategies is to invest in, develop and promote innovative climate response technologies and solutions in order to meet the demands of our public and private sector clients. A misalignment between the technologies and solutions we identify to invest in, develop and promote and our clients’ needs may adversely impact our results of operations and reputation. Although we have strategies to mitigate this risk, we cannot assure you that we will identify the most effective technologies and solutions to invest in, promote or develop. Additionally, as we diversify and expand our product offerings, there is also an increased risk that one or more of our product offerings could fail to meet specifications in a particular application or could be perceived by our customers to contain defects, which could result in our being liable for damages and losses that arise from such products. Products with defects, or which are otherwise incompatible with intended end uses, may also result in us having to recall such products, or provide additional services under the product warranty, which may impact our profitability. A failure of our products and solutions to meet specifications may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our success also depends on our continued access to suppliers, subcontractors and partners, who provide us with important technologies, components and talent. The possibility exists that our competitors might develop new capabilities or service offerings that might cause our existing capabilities and service offerings to become obsolete. If we fail in our new capabilities development efforts or our capabilities or services fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, our ability to procure new contracts could be negatively impacted, which would negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, with the growth of our U.S. and international operations, we provide client services and undertake business development efforts in numerous and disparate geographic locations, both domestically and internationally. Our ability to effectively serve our clients is dependent upon our ability to successfully leverage our operating model across all of these and any future locations, maintain effective management controls over all of our locations to ensure, among other things, compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, and instill our core values in all of our personnel and partners at each of these and any future locations. Any inability to ensure any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Page 31 Fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our customers’ investment decisions and therefore subject us to risks of cancellation, delays in existing work, or changes in the timing and funding of new awards. Commodity prices can affect our customers in a number of ways. For example, for those customers that produce commodity products such as oil, gas, batteries or fertilizers, fluctuations in price can have a direct effect on their profitability and cash flow and, therefore, their willingness to continue to invest or make new capital investments. Furthermore, declines in commodity prices can negatively impact our business in regions whose economies are substantially dependent on commodity prices, such as the Middle East. To the extent commodity prices decline or fluctuate and our customers defer new investments or cancel or delay existing projects, the demand for our services could decrease, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Commodity prices can also strongly affect the costs of projects. Rising commodity prices can negatively impact the potential returns on investments that are planned, as well as those in progress, and result in customers deferring new investments or canceling or delaying existing projects. Cancellations and delays have affected our past results and may do so in the future in significant and unpredictable ways and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we, or any of our subsidiaries or companies in which we have made strategic investments, lose, or experience a significant reduction in, business from one or a few large customers, it could have a material adverse impact on us. A few clients have in the past, and may in the future, account for a significant portion of our revenue and/or backlog, or the revenue and/or backlog for our subsidiaries or companies in which we have made strategic investments , in any one year or over a period of several consecutive years. For example, in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, 