 We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our ordinary shares could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 41 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Lead Products and Product Candidates Our inability to maintain revenues from our oxybate franchise would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Historically, our business was substantially dependent on Xyrem, and our financial results were significantly influenced by sales of Xyrem. Our current 2026 operating plan assumes that Xywav, with 92% lower sodium compared to high-sodium oxybates (depending on the dose) and absence of a sodium warning, will remain the #1 branded oxybate treatment for narcolepsy; the position it held based on revenue in the fourth quarter of 2025. While we expect that our business will continue to be meaningfully dependent on oxybate revenues, there is no guarantee that oxybate revenues will remain at current levels. In this regard, o ur ability to mai ntain oxybate revenues and realize the anticipated benefits from our investment in Xywav are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties as discussed in greater detail below, including: those related to the commercialization of Xywav for the treatment of IH in adults and adoption in that indication; competition from the introduction of AG versions of high-sodium oxybate and branded products, such as Alkermes’ once-nightly dose, high-sodium oxybate branded product Lumryz (acquired through its acquisition of Avadel), for treatment of cataplexy and/or EDS in adults with narcolepsy in the U.S. market, as well as potential future competition from generic versions of high-sodium oxybate, including a generic version of high-sodium oxybate from Amneal approved in September 2025, from Ascent approved in November 2025, and from other competitors ; increased pricing pressure from, changes in policies by, or restrictions on reimbursement imposed by, third party payors, including our ability to maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for Xywav; increased rebates required to maintain access to our products; challenges to our intellectual property around Xyrem and/or Xywav , including from pending intellectual property litigation; and continued acceptance of Xywav by physicians and patients . For a discussion of risks associated with maintaining the AG royalty revenue from the Hikma AG, see the risk factor below titled “ The introduction of new products in the U.S. market that compete with, or otherwise disrupt the market for, our oxybate products has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect sales of our oxybate products .” We have seen a negative impact and expect to see a further negative impact on our oxybate revenues as a result of AG products and Alkermes’ Lumryz and any generic products and new branded products that may compete with our oxybate products. A substantial decline in oxybate revenues could cause us to reduce our operating expenses or seek to raise additional funds and would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects, including on our ability to acquire, in-license or develop new products to grow our business. The introduction of new products in the U.S. market that compete with, or otherwise disrupt the market for, our oxybate products has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect sales of our oxybate products. New treatment options for cataplexy and EDS in narcolepsy have been commercially launched and, in the future, other products may be launched that are competitive with, or disrupt the market for, our oxybate products, Xywav and Xyrem. Ten companies have sent us notices that they had filed ANDAs seeking approval to market a generic version of Xyrem. We filed patent lawsuits against all ten companies and have settled with all ten of the companies. To date, FDA has approved or tentatively approved four of these ANDAs, and we believe that it is likely that FDA will approve or tentatively approve some or all of the others. Pursuant to our patent litigation settlement with the first filer, Hikma launched its AG version of high-sodium oxybate in the U.S. beginning on January 1, 2023. Accordingly, beginning in January 2023, Xywav and Xyrem face competition from an AG version of high-sodium oxybate. We also granted Hikma a license to launch its own generic high-sodium oxybate product but, if it elects to launch its own generic product, Hikma will no longer have the right to sell the Hikma AG product. In our settlements with Amneal, Lupin, and Par, we granted each party the right to sell a limited volume of an AG product in the U.S. beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025, with royalties to be paid to us. Amneal launched its AG version of high-sodium oxybate in July 2023. Amneal had rights to sell a low-single-digit percentage of historical Xyrem sales over each 6-month sales period. Lupin and Par never elected to launch an AG product. AG products are distributed through the same REMS as Xywav and Xyrem. We also granted each of Amneal, Lupin and Par a license to launch its own generic high-sodium oxybate product under its ANDA on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier under certain circumstances, including the circumstance where Hikma elects to launch its own generic product. In September 2025, Amneal received FDA approval for a generic version of high-sodium oxybate. In addition, in November 2025, Ascent received FDA approval for a generic version of high-sodium oxybate. As of December 31, 2025, Amneal’s rights to sell its AG version of high-sodium oxybate terminated. In our settlements with each of six other ANDA filers, we granted each a license to launch its own generic high-sodium oxybate product under its ANDA on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier under certain circumstances, including circumstances where Hikma launches its own generic high-sodium oxybate product. It is possible that additional companies may file ANDAs seeking to market a generic version of Xyrem which could lead to additional patent litigation or challenges with respect to Xyrem and/or additional competition for our oxybate products. Any ANDA holder launching an AG product or another generic high-sodium oxybate product will independently establish the price of the AG product and/or its own generic high-sodium oxybate product and determine the types of discounts or rebates they will offer parties that purchase or pay for the product. Generic competition often results in decreases in the net prices at which branded products can be sold. A component of drug pricing is the manufacturer’s list price for a drug to 42 Table of Contents wholesalers or direct purchasers in the U.S. (without discounts, rebates or other reductions) referred to as the WAC. In this regard, Hikma and Amneal launched their AG products in 2023 at a WAC that was less than 15% lower than the WAC for Xyrem. After any introduction of a generic product, whether or not it is an AG product, a significant percentage of the prescriptions written for Xyrem have been, and will likely continue to be, filled with the generic product. Certain U.S. state laws allow for, and in some instances in the absence of specific instructions from the prescribing physician mandate, the dispensing of generic products rather than branded products when a generic version is available. This has resulted in reduced sales of, and revenue from, Xyrem. We continue to receive royalties and other revenue based on sales of AG products in accordance with the terms of our settlement agreements. Other companies may develop sodium oxybate products for the treatment of narcolepsy, using an alternative formulation or a different delivery technology, and seek approval in the U.S. using an NDA approval pathway under Section 505(b)(2) and referencing the safety and efficacy data for Xyrem. For example, we face competition from branded products for treatment of cataplexy and/or EDS in narcolepsy, such as Alkermes’ Lumryz (acquired through its acquisition of Avadel). On May 1, 2023, Avadel announced that it had received FDA approval and ODE through May 1, 2030 for Lumryz, a fixed-dose, high-sodium oxybate which uses its proprietary technology for the treatment of EDS and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy. On September 3, 2025, Avadel announced plans to develop and commercialize with XWPharma Ltd. a no salt, once nightly valiloxybate product for the treatment of narcolepsy and IH. Xyrem and Xywav also face increased competition from other branded entrants to treat EDS in narcolepsy such as Wakix and Sunosi, which we sold to Axsome in 2022. Other companies have announced that they have product candidates in various phases of development to treat the symptoms of narcolepsy, such as Axsome’s reboxetine, and various companies are performing R&D on orexin 2 receptor agonists for the treatment of sleep disorders, including narcolepsy and IH, which companies include Takeda, Merck & Co., Inc., Eisai Co., Ltd., Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc and Alkermes. In this regard, Alkermes acquired Avadel in February 2026, the strategic rationale for which Alkermes has stated includes the combined companies supporting a broad development strategy for Alkermes’ portfolio of orexin 2 receptor agonists and supporting the advancement of clinical studies to support potential label expansion opportunities for Lumryz. We expect that Xywav for the treatment of both cataplexy and EDS in patients with narcolepsy will continue to face competition from generic or AG high-sodium oxybate products or branded entrants in narcolepsy, such as Alkermes’ Lumryz, notwithstanding FDA recognizing ODE for Xywav. For example, we received notices in June 2021, February 2023 and July 2025 that Lupin, Teva and Granules, respectively, filed ANDAs for generic versions of Xywav. On October 13, 2023, Lupin announced that it has received tentative approval for its application to market a generic version of Xywav. In addition, in July 2025, we received notice from Granules that it has filed with FDA an ANDA for a generic version of Xywav. Furthermore, in January 2026, we received notices from Tris Pharma that it had filed with FDA a Section 505(b)(2) NDA for generic versions of Xyrem and Xywav. We have filed patent infringement suits against these ANDA filers. For additional information see “ Xywav Patent Litigation ” and “ Tris Pharma Patent Litigation ” in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies—Legal Proceedings of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. Additional companies may file ANDAs seeking to market a generic version of Xywav which could lead to additional patent litigation or challenges with respect to Xywav and/or additional competition. Moreover, generic or AG high-sodium oxybate products or branded high-sodium oxybate entrants in narcolepsy, such as Alkermes’ Lumryz, as well as non-oxybate products intended for the treatment of EDS or cataplexy in narcolepsy or IH including new market entrants, even if not directly competitive with Xywav or Xyrem, have and may continue to have the effect of changing treatment regimens and payor or formulary coverage of Xywav or Xyrem in favor of other products, and indirectly adversely affect sales of Xywav and Xyrem. Examples of such new market entrants of non-oxybate products include Wakix, a drug that was approved by FDA in 2019 for the treatment of EDS in adult patients with narcolepsy and approved by FDA in 2020 for an adult cataplexy indication in the U.S. Wakix has also been approved and marketed in Europe to treat adult patients with narcolepsy, with or without cataplexy, and to treat EDS in obstructive sleep apnea. Harmony Biosciences announced a phase 3 study for pitolisant for IH after receiving a refusal to file from FDA in February 2025. In addition, Alkermes acquired Avadel in February 2026, which may strengthen both companies and we may experience increased competition from the combined company. We are also aware that prescribers often prescribe branded or generic medications for cataplexy and IH, before or instead of prescribing oxybate therapy including Xywav and Xyrem, and that payors often require patients to try such medications before they will cover Xywav or Xyrem, even if they are not approved for this use. Examples of such products are described in “Business—Competition” in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. We expect that the approval and launch of AG products or other generic versions of Xyrem or Xywav and the approval and launch of any other sodium oxybate product, such as Alkermes’ Lumryz, or alternative product that treats narcolepsy will continue to have a negative impact on, and could have a material adverse effect on, our sales of Xywav and Xyrem and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 43 Table of Contents The distribution and sale of our oxybate products are subject to significant regulatory restrictions, including the requirements of a REMS and safety reporting requirements, and these regulatory and safety requirements subject us to risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of Xywav and Xyrem. The API of Xywav and Xyrem is a form of GHB, a central nervous system depressant known to be associated with facilitating sexual assault as well as with respiratory depression and other serious side effects. As a result, FDA requires that we maintain a REMS with ETASU for Xywav and Xyrem to help ensure that the benefits of the drug in the treatment of cataplexy and EDS in narcolepsy outweigh the serious risks of the drug. The REMS imposes extensive controls and restrictions on the sales and marketing of Xywav and Xyrem that we are responsible for implementing. Any failure to demonstrate our substantial compliance with our REMS obligations, or a determination by FDA that the REMS is not meeting its goals, could result in enforcement action by FDA, lead to changes in our REMS obligations, negatively affect sales of Xywav or Xyrem, result in additional costs and expenses for us and/or require us to invest a significant amount of resources, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. FDA continues to evaluate the Xywav and Xyrem REMS on an ongoing basis and has required, and may in the future require, modifications to the Xywav and Xyrem REMS. In 2023, FDA requested certain modifications to the Xywav and Xyrem REMS, which FDA approved in January 2024 as part of additional modifications to the REMS that we requested. We cannot predict whether FDA will request, seek to require or ultimately require additional modifications to, or impose additional requirements on, the Xywav and Xyrem REMS, including in connection with the submission of new oxybate products or indications, the introduction of AGs, or to accommodate generics, or whether FDA will approve modifications to the Xywav and Xyrem REMS that we consider warranted. Any modifications approved, required or rejected by FDA could change the safety profile of Xywav or Xyrem, and have a significant negative impact in terms of product liability, public acceptance of Xywav or Xyrem as a treatment for cataplexy and EDS in narcolepsy or Xywav as a treatment for IH, and prescribers’ willingness to prescribe, and patients’ willingness to take, Xywav or Xyrem, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Modifications approved, required or rejected by FDA could also make it more difficult or expensive for us to distribute Xywav or Xyrem, make distribution easier for oxybate competitors, disrupt continuity of care for Xywav or Xyrem patients and/or negatively affect sales of Xywav or Xyrem. We depend on outside vendors, including ESSDS, the central certified pharmacy, to distribute Xywav and Xyrem in the U.S., provide patient support services and implement the requirements of the Xywav and Xyrem REMS. If the central pharmacy fails to meet the requirements of the Xywav and Xyrem REMS applicable to the central pharmacy or otherwise does not fulfill its contractual obligations to us, moves to terminate our agreement, refuses or fails to adequately serve patients, or fails to promptly and adequately address operational challenges or challenges in implementing REMS modifications, the fulfillment of Xywav or Xyrem prescriptions and our sales would be adversely affected. If we change to a new central pharmacy, new contracts might be required with government payors and other insurers who pay for Xywav or Xyrem, and the terms of any new contracts could be less favorable to us than current agreements. In addition, any new central pharmacy would need to be registered with the DEA, and certified under the REMS and would also need to implement the particular processes, procedures and activities necessary to distribute under the Xywav and Xyrem REMS. Transitioning to a new pharmacy could result in product shortages, which would negatively affect sales of Xywav and Xyrem, result in additional costs and expenses for us and/or take a significant amount of time, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In its approval of Hikma’s ANDA, FDA waived the requirement of a single shared REMS with the Xywav and Xyrem REMS, approving Hikma’s ANDA with a generic high-sodium oxybate REMS separate from the Xywav and Xyrem REMS, except for the requirement that the high-sodium oxybate REMS program pharmacies contact the Xywav and Xyrem REMS by phone to verify and report certain information. The generic high-sodium oxybate REMS was approved with the condition that it be open to all future sponsors of ANDAs or NDAs for high-sodium oxybate products. In its approval of Avadel’s high-sodium oxybate product, FDA also approved a separate REMS for that product, also with a requirement that the pharmacies in the Avadel (now Alkermes) -sponsored REMS contact the Xywav and Xyrem REMS to verify and report certain information. Administration of multiple sodium oxybate REMS systems could increase the risks associated with oxybate distribution, could make it more difficult or expensive for us to distribute Xywav and Xyrem and disrupt patient access to Xywav or Xyrem. Because patients, consumers and others may not differentiate other high-sodium oxybate products from our sodium oxybate products or differentiate between the different REMS programs, any negative outcomes, including risks to the public, caused by or otherwise related to a separate high-sodium oxybate REMS, could have a significant negative impact in terms of product liability, our reputation and goodwill, public acceptance of Xywav or Xyrem as a treatment for cataplexy and EDS in narcolepsy or Xywav for the treatment of IH, and prescribers’ willingness to prescribe, and patients’ willingness to take, Xywav or Xyrem, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may face pressure to further modify the Xywav and Xyrem REMS, including sharing data, which may be proprietary, required for the safe distribution of sodium oxybate, in connection with FDA’s approval of the generic sodium oxybate REMS or another oxybate REMS that has been approved or may be submitted or approved in the future. We cannot predict the 44 Table of Contents outcome or impact on our business of any future action that we may take with respect to FDA’s waiver of the single shared system REMS requirement, its approval and tentative approval of generic versions of sodium oxybate or the consequences of distribution of sodium oxybate through the generic sodium oxybate REMS approved by FDA or another separate REMS. REMS programs have increasingly drawn public scrutiny from the U.S. Congress, the FTC, the USPTO, and FDA, with allegations that such programs are used as a means of improperly blocking or delaying competition. In December 2019, as part of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020, U.S. Congress passed legislation known as the CREATES. CREATES is intended to prevent companies from using REMS and other restricted distribution programs as a means to deny potential competitors access to product samples that are reasonably necessary to conduct testing in support of an application that references a listed drug or biologic, and provides such potential competitors a potential private right of action if the innovator fails to timely provide samples upon request. CREATES also grants FDA additional authority regarding generic products with REMS. A further example of continued interest in REMS oversight came from the USPTO in collaboration with FDA in November 2022, when they published an RFC in the Federal Register that asked, “What policy considerations or concerns should the USPTO and FDA explore in relation to the patenting of REMS associated with certain FDA-approved products?” The comments for this RFC closed on February 6, 2023. It is possible that the FTC, FDA or other governmental authorities could claim that, or launch an investigation into whether, we are using our REMS programs in an anticompetitive manner or have engaged in other anticompetitive practices, whether under CREATES or otherwise. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act further states that a REMS ETASU shall not be used by an NDA holder to block or delay generic drugs or drugs covered by an application under Section 505(b)(2) from entering the market. In its 2015 letter approving the Xyrem REMS, FDA expressed concern that we were aware that the Xyrem REMS is blocking competition. From June 2020 to May 2022, we were served with a number of lawsuits that included allegations that we had used the Xyrem REMS to delay approval of generic high-sodium oxybate. In December 2020, these cases were centralized and transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, where the multidistrict litigation will proceed for the purpose of discovery and pre-trial proceedings. As of October 2025, we have resolved the entirety of the Xyrem Antitrust Litigation. For additional information on these lawsuits, as well as a class settlement agreement with respect thereto, see " Xyrem Antitrust Litigation " (and for other litigation and settlement involving our listing of our REMS patent in the Orange Book), see " Avadel Litigation " in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies—Legal Proceedings of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. It is possible that additional lawsuits will be filed against us making similar or related allegations or that governmental authorities could commence an investigation. We cannot predict the outcome of any potential additional lawsuits; however, if the plaintiffs were to be successful in their claims, they may be entitled to injunctive relief or we may be required to pay significant monetary damages, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Pharmaceutical companies, including their agents and employees, are required to monitor adverse events occurring during the use of their products and report them to FDA. The patient counseling and monitoring requirements of the Xywav and Xyrem REMS provide more extensive information about adverse events experienced by patients taking Xywav and Xyrem, including deaths, than is generally available for other products that are not subject to similar REMS requirements. As required by FDA and other regulatory agencies, the adverse event information that we collect for Xywav and Xyrem is regularly reported to FDA and could result in FDA requiring changes to Xywav and/or Xyrem labeling, including additional warnings or additional boxed warnings, or requiring us to take other actions that could have an adverse effect on patient and prescriber acceptance of Xywav and Xyrem. As required by FDA, Xywav’s and Xyrem’s current labeling includes a boxed warning regarding the risk of central nervous system depression and misuse and abuse. Any failure to demonstrate our substantial compliance with the REMS or any other applicable regulatory requirements to the satisfaction of FDA or another regulatory authority could result in such regulatory authorities taking actions in the future which could have a material adverse effect on oxybate product sales and therefore on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Our inability to maintain or increase sales of Epidiolex/Epidyolex would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Our ability to maintain or increase sales of Epidiolex/Epidyolex (cannabidiol) is subject to many risks. There are many factors that could cause the commercialization of Epidiolex to be unsuccessful, including a number of factors that are outside our control. The commercial success of Epidiolex depends on the extent to which patients and physicians accept and adopt Epidiolex as a treatment for seizures associated with LGS, DS and TSC . Physicians may not prescribe Epidiolex and patients may be unwilling to use Epidiolex if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost. Additionally, any negative development for Epidiolex in the market, in clinical development for additional indications, or in regulatory processes in other jurisdictions, may adversely impact the commercial results and potential of Epidiolex. In the future, we expect Epidiolex to face competition from generic cannabinoids. We have settled patent litigation 45 Table of Contents with each of the ten companies seeking to market a generic version of Epidiolex in the U.S. by granting each of the Epidiolex ANDA Filers a license to manufacture, market, and sell its own generic version of Epidiolex beginning in the very late 2030s, or earlier under certain circumstances, including but not limited to the launch of another generic Epidiolex product or a final decision that all unexpired claims of the Epidiolex patents are not infringed, or are invalid and/or unenforceable. However, these settlements do not prevent other third parties from filing additional ANDAs seeking to market a generic version of Epidiolex in the future. Any such filings could result in additional patent litigation or challenges with respect to Epidiolex and could require substantial financial resources. An adverse outcome in any such litigation, or the entry into additional settlement agreements, could result in the approval and commercialization of generic versions of Epidiolex earlier than anticipated and may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. While we expect Xywav and Epidiolex/Epidyolex to remain our largest products, our success also depends on our ability to effectively commercialize our other existing products and potential future products. In addition to Xywav, Epidiolex/Epidyolex and our other neuroscience products and product candidates, we are commercializing a portfolio of products, including our other lead marketed products, Ziihera, Modeyso, Zepzelca and Rylaze. An inability to effectively commercialize our other lead marketed products and to maximize their potential where possible through successful R&D activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. O ur ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our investment in Zepzelca is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: our ability to successfully commercialize Zepzelca in the U.S. and Canada; adequate supply of Zepzelca to meet demand; a vailability of favorable treatment pathway designations pricing and adequate coverage and reimbursement; the potential for negative trial data read-outs in ongoing or future Zepzelca clinical trials; our and PharmaMar’s, ability to maintain accelerated approval or successfully complete a confirmatory study of Zepzelca; competition from Amgen Inc.’s tarlatamab, a product approved for the treatment of extensive-stage metastatic SCLC in May 2024; and patients’ access to lung cancer screening, diagnosis and treatment. In July and August 2024, we received notices from Zepzelca ANDA filers. On September 11, 2024, we and PharmaMar filed a patent infringement suit against the Zepzelca ANDA Filers in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. For additional information see “ Zepzelca Patent Litigation ” in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies—Legal Proceedings of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. Additional companies may file ANDAs seeking to market a generic version of Zepzelca which could lead to additional patent litigation or challenges with respect to Zepzelca . O ur ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our investments in Rylaze is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to successfully commercialize Rylaze including creating awareness among health care professionals and ensuring that patients with ALL or LBL will be given the appropriate course of therapy and dosing regimen based on the currently approved label. O ur ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our investments in Ziihera is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to successfully commercialize Ziihera in BTC and clinically develop potential future indications in HER2+ solid tumors, including in GEA and our ability to successfully complete regulatory activities and approvals for Ziihera in other indication s . We face substantial competition from other companies, including companies with larger sales organizations and more experience working with large and diverse product portfolios, and competition from generic drugs. Our products compete, and our product candidates may in the future compete, with currently existing therapies, including other branded products, AG and other generic products, product candidates currently under development by us and others and/or future product candidates, including new molecular and chemical entities that may be safer or more effective or more convenient than our products. Any products that we develop may be commercialized in competitive markets, and our competitors, which include large global pharmaceutical companies and small research-based companies and institutions, may succeed in developing products that render our products obsolete or noncompetitive. Many of our competitors, particularly large pharmaceutical and life sciences companies, have substantially greater financial, operational and human resources than we do. Smaller or earlier stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through focused development programs and collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. In addition, many of our competitors deploy more personnel to market and sell their products than we do, and we compete with other companies to recruit, hire, train and retain pharmaceutical sales and marketing personnel. If our sales force and sales support organization are not appropriately resourced and sized to adequately promote our products, the commercial potential of our current and any future products may be diminished. In any event, the commercial potential of our current products and any future products may be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop or acquire and commercialize generic or branded products that are safer or more effective, are more convenient or are less expensive than our products. If we are unable to compete successfully, our commercial opportunities will be reduced and our business, results of operations and financial conditions may be materially harmed. 46 Table of Contents For a description of the competition that our lead marketed products and most advanced product candidates face or may face, see the discussion in “Business—Competition” in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K and the risk factor under the heading “ The introduction of new products in the U.S. market that compete with, or otherwise disrupt the market for, our oxybate products has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect sales of our oxybate products” in this Part I, Item 1A. Recent executive and judicial changes and flux in the regulatory landscape creates uncertainty for us and our industry. The current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government including at HHS, FDA, CMS and related agencies. These actions, primarily directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. For example, on September 30, 2025, the current administration announced the first several agreements with major pharmaceutical companies that requires drug manufacturers to offer, through a direct-to-consumer platform, U.S. patients and Medicaid programs prescription drug MFN pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations, with additional mandates for direct-to-patient discounts and repatriation of foreign revenues, in exchange for tariff relief. Other recent actions, for example, include (1) directing agencies to reduce agency workforce and cut programs; (2) directing HHS and other agencies to lower prescription drug costs through a variety of initiatives, including by improving upon the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program and establishing MFN pricing for pharmaceutical products; (3) imposing tariffs on imported pharmaceutical products; and (4) as part of the MAHA Commission’s Strategy Report released in September 2025, working across government agencies to increase enforcement on direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical advertising. Additionally, the current administration recently called on U.S. Congress to enact "The Great Healthcare Plan," to codify and expand MFN pricing, lower government subsidies to private insurance companies, increase healthcare price transparency, expand pharmaceutical drugs available for over-the-counter purchase, and enact restrictions on PBM payment methodologies, among other things. These actions and policies may significantly reduce U.S. drug prices, potentially impacting manufacturers’ global pricing strategies and profitability, while increasing their operational costs and compliance risks. In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court’s Loper Bright decision greatly reduced judicial deference to regulatory agencies, which could increase successful legal challenges to federal regulations affecting our operations . Finally, U.S. Congress may introduce and ultimately pass health care related legislation that could impact the drug approval process and make changes to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program created under the IRA as well as PBMs. We cannot predict which additional measures may be adopted or the impact of current and additional measures on the marketing, pricing and demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from third party payors may not be available for our products and we may be unable to successfully contract for coverage from PBMs and other organizations; conversely, to secure coverage from these organizations, we may be required to pay rebates or other discounts or other restrictions to reimbursement, either of which could diminish our sales or adversely affect our ability to sell our products profitably. In both U.S. and non-U.S. markets, our ability to successfully commercialize and achieve market acceptance of our products depends in significant part on adequate financial coverage and reimbursement from third party payors, including governmental payors (such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs in the U.S.), managed care organizations and private health insurers. Without third party payor reimbursement, patients may not be able to obtain or afford prescribed medications. In addition, reimbursement guidelines and incentives provided to prescribing physicians by third party payors may have a significant impact on the prescribing physicians’ willingness and ability to prescribe our products. The demand for, and the profitability of, our products could be materially harmed if state Medicaid programs, the Medicare program, other healthcare programs in the U.S. or elsewhere, or third party commercial payors in the U.S. or elsewhere, deny reimbursement for our products, limit the indications for which our products will be reimbursed, or provide reimbursement only on unfavorable terms. As part of the overall trend toward cost containment, third party payors often require prior authorization for, and require reauthorization for continuation of, prescription products or alternatively impose step edits, which require prior use of another medication, usually a generic or preferred brand, prior to approving coverage for a new or more expensive product. Such restrictive conditions for reimbursement and an increase in reimbursement-related activities can extend the time required to fill prescriptions and may discourage patients from seeking treatment. We cannot predict actions that third party payors may take, or whether they will limit the access and level of reimbursement for our products or refuse to provide any approvals or coverage. From time to time, third party payors have refused to provide reimbursement for our products, and others may do so in the future. Third party payors increasingly examine the cost-effectiveness of pharmaceutical products, in addition to their safety and efficacy, when making coverage and reimbursement decisions. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic and/or clinical studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products. If our competitors offer their products at prices that provide purportedly lower treatment costs than our products, or otherwise suggest that their products are safer, more effective or more cost-effective than our products, this may result in a greater level of access for their products relative to our 47 Table of Contents products, which would reduce our sales and harm our results of operations. In some cases, for example, third party payors try to encourage the use of less expensive generic products through their prescription benefit coverage and reimbursement and co-pay policies. Because some of our products compete in a market with both branded and generic products, obtaining and maintaining access and reimbursement coverage for our products may be more challenging than for products that are new chemical entities for which no therapeutic alternatives exist. Third party PBMs, other similar organizations and payors can limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might: not include all of the approved products for a particular indication; exclude drugs from their formularies in favor of competitor drugs or alternative treatments; place drugs on formulary tiers with higher patient co-pay obligations; and/or mandate stricter utilization criteria. Formulary exclusion effectively encourages patients and providers to seek alternative treatments, make a complex and time-intensive request for medical exemptions, or pay 100% of the cost of a drug. In addition, in many instances, certain PBMs, other similar organizations and third party payors may exert negotiating leverage by requiring incremental rebates, discounts or other concessions from manufacturers in order to maintain formulary positions, which could continue to result in higher gross to net deductions for affected products. The market for PBM services has become highly concentrated and vertically integrated, giving these entities further leverage in negotiating rebates, discounts or other concessions. In this regard, we have entered into agreements with PBMs and payor accounts to provide rebates to those entities related to formulary coverage for our products, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to agree to coverage terms with other PBMs and other third party payors. P ayors could decide to exclude our products from formulary coverage lists, impose step edits that require patients to try alternative, including generic, treatments before authorizing payment for our products, limit the types of diagnoses for which coverage will be provided or impose a moratorium on coverage for products while the payor makes a coverage decision. An inability to maintain adequate formulary positions could increase patient cost-sharing for our products and cause some patients to determine not to use our products. Any delays or unforeseen difficulties in reimbursement approvals could limit patient access, depress therapy adherence rates, and adversely impact our ability to successfully commercialize our products. In addition, PBMs and other third-party payors could implement alternative funding programs that could have an impact on our product revenue. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining broad coverage for our products, our anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for our products could be negatively affected. In many countries outside the U.S., procedures to obtain price approvals, coverage and reimbursement can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing authorization. Many European countries periodically review their reimbursement of medicinal products, which could have an adverse impact on reimbursement status or financial conditions. In addition, we expect that legislators, policymakers and healthcare insurance funds in the EU member states will continue to propose and implement cost-containing measures, such as lower maximum prices, lower or lack of reimbursement coverage and incentives to use cheaper, usually generic, products as an alternative to branded products, and/or branded products available through cross border trade to keep healthcare costs down. Moreover, in order to obtain reimbursement for our products in some European countries, including some EU member states, we may be required to compile additional data comparing the cost-effectiveness of our products to other available therapies. HTA of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU member states, including those representing the larger markets. The HTA process is the procedure to assess therapeutic, economic and societal impact of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country. The outcome of an HTA will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of other individual EU member states. In January 2025, the HTA Regulation 2021/2282 entered into application. This regulation aims to harmonize the clinical benefit assessment of health technologies across the EU by creating a framework of rules, procedures and methodologies for conducting Joint Clinical Assessments at the EU level. Under this regulation, EU member states must use common HTA tools, methodologies, and procedures across the EU. However, individual member states remain responsible for determining the overall value of a new health technology within their respective healthcare systems, as well as making pricing and reimbursement decisions. If we are unable to maintain favorable pricing and reimbursement status in EU member states that represent significant markets for us, our anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for our products in the EU could be negatively affected. The pricing of pharmaceutical products has come under increasing scrutiny as part of a global trend toward healthcare cost containment and resulting changes in healthcare law and policy, including changes to Medicare, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry in the U.S. to fundamental changes, particularly given the current atmosphere of mounting criticism of prescription drug costs in the U.S. We expect there will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably, as governmental oversight and scrutiny of biopharmaceutical companies is increasing. For example, we anticipate that U.S. Congress, state legislatures, and federal and state regulators may adopt or accelerate adoption of new healthcare policies and reforms intended to curb healthcare costs, such as federal and state controls on reimbursement for drugs (including under Medicare, Medicaid and commercial health plans), new or increased requirements to pay prescription drug 48 Table of Contents rebates and penalties to government health care programs, and additional pharmaceutical cost transparency policies that aim to require drug companies to justify their prices through required disclosures. In addition, policymakers and federal agencies, including the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation, are advancing new drug pricing models to implement MFN reference pricing, which has been a focus of the Trump Administration’s health policy agenda. These initiatives, if finalized and implemented, could reduce the net prices for certain products, exert downward pricing pressure, and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. This includes efforts by individual states in the U.S. to pass legislation and implement regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including by establishing Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (or similar entities) to review high-cost drugs and, in some cases, set upper payment limits and implementing marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. Further, HHS imposes rebates on many Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D products to penalize price increases that outpace inflation on an annual basis. HHS has also been empowered to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs that have been on the market for at least 7 years covered under Medicare as part of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Each year up to twenty (20) products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. In addition, under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, rebates owed by manufacturers are no longer subject to a cap on the rebate amount effective January 1, 2024, which may adversely affect our rebate liability. The foregoing may negatively impact our overall rebate and discount liability, which would have a negative adverse effect on our revenues. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed into law the OBBBA, which includes significant changes to Medicaid, Medicare, and the ACA. These reforms are anticipated to decrease federal health care spending by approximately $1 trillion by significantly reducing Medicaid spending and enrollment, making changes to the Medicare program, and altering ACA marketplace enrollment provisions. Such decreases to federal health care spending and loss of health care coverage could reduce access to, and reimbursement for, our products, which could have a negative adverse effect on our revenues. Legislative and regulatory proposals that have recently been considered include, among other things, proposals to limit the terms of patent litigation settlements with generic sponsors, to define certain conduct around patenting and new product development as unfair competition, to address the scope of orphan drug exclusivity and to facilitate the importation of drugs into the U.S. from other countries. MFN pricing models have remained an area of significant interest to the Trump Administration. On July 31, 2025, President Trump issued letters to 17 pharmaceutical companies reiterating the requirements of the May 12, 2025 executive order and demanding that such companies extend MFN pricing to Medicaid patients, guarantee MFN pricing for newly-launched drug products, return increased revenues abroad to American patients and provide for direct purchasing at MFN pricing. The letters also urged these companies to stipulate that they will not offer other developed nations better prices for new drugs than the prices offered for such products in the U.S. The letters called for engagement with FDA and CMS within 60 days to implement these changes and threatened to use “every tool in our arsenal” to address what the letter characterized as “abusive drug pricing practices”. Further, the current administration has announced agreements with several pharmaceutical companies that require the drug manufacturers to offer Medicaid programs prescription drug MFN pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations, with additional mandates for direct-to-patient discounts and repatriation of foreign revenues. As of January 2026, 16 of the 17 pharmaceutical companies that received the July 2025 letters from President Trump have signed agreements with the Trump Administration. On November 6, 2025, CMS announced the GENErating cost Reductions for U.S. Medicaid (GENEROUS) Model, a model under which participating manufacturers may voluntarily offer MFN pricing to state Medicaid programs for covered outpatient drugs. On December 19, 2025, CMS issued proposed rules to establish the Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing (GLOBE) Model and the Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (GUARD) Model, two mandatory MFN pricing models impacting Part B drugs and Part D drugs in select geographic areas, respectively. Under the proposed rules, a manufacturer would owe rebates to Medicare if prices for their drugs exceeded the prices paid by other economically comparable reference countries, with an initial list of 19 reference countries included in the proposed rule. Legislative and regulatory proposals to reform the regulation of the pharmaceutical industry and reimbursement for pharmaceutical drugs are continually changing, and all such considerations may adversely affect our business and industry in ways that we cannot accurately predict. There is also ongoing activity related to health care coverage. The ACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. These changes impacted previously existing government healthcare programs and have resulted in the development of new programs, including Medicare payment-for-performance initiatives. Further, federal and state policy makers have taken and may continue to try to take steps regarding health care coverage beyond the ACA, which could have ramifications for the pharmaceutical industry. Additional legislative changes, regulatory changes, or guidance could be adopted, which may impact the marketing approvals and reimbursement for our products and product candidates. For example, there has been increasing legislative, regulatory, and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to 49 Table of Contents drug pricing practices. There have been several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, evaluate the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government healthcare program reimbursement methodologies for drug products beyond the changes enacted by the IRA. If new healthcare policies or reforms intended to curb healthcare costs are adopted or if we experience negative publicity with respect to pricing of our products or the pricing of pharmaceutical drugs generally, the prices that we charge for our products may be affected, our commercial opportunity may be limited and/or our revenues from sales of our products may be negatively impacted. We have periodically increased the price of our products, including Xywav and Xyrem most recently in January 2026, and there is no guarantee that we will not make similar price adjustments to our products in the future or that price adjustments we have taken or may take in the future will not negatively affect our sales volumes and revenues. There is no guarantee that such price adjustments will not negatively affect our reputation and our ability to secure and maintain reimbursement coverage for our products, which could limit the prices that we charge for our products, limit the commercial opportunities for our products and/or negatively impact revenues from sales of our products. Government investigations or U.S. Congressional oversight with respect to drug pricing or our other business practices could cause us to incur significant expense and could distract us from the operation of our business and execution of our strategy. Any such investigation or hearing could also result in reduced market acceptance and demand for our products, could harm our reputation and our ability to market our products in the future, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. For more information, see the risk factor under the heading “ We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties and may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products ” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expect that legislators, policymakers and healthcare insurance funds in Europe and other international markets will continue to propose and implement cost-containing measures to keep healthcare costs down. These measures could include limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our products or the level of reimbursement available for these products from governmental authorities or third party payors as well as clawbacks and revenue caps. For example, in the U.K., the Voluntary Pricing Access and Growth scheme on NHS spending on branded medicines agreed between the U.K. government and industry for 2019 to 2023 has remained unaltered despite higher than expected growth in NHS use of branded medicines, resulting in significant increases to the industry level revenue clawback rate payable on sales of branded medicines to the NHS. In the EU, a trend in some EU member states is for reimbursement price of medicinal products to be assessed against the relative price and cost of treatment of existing standard of care and competitor products, which may hinder the inclusion of newer innovative products in reimbursement lists. In December 2025, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU reached a provisional agreement on the comprehensive revision of the existing EU general pharmaceutical legislation. This new legislation includes increased transparency on R&D costs or public contributions to these costs with a view to strengthen the negotiating position of national competent authorities of the EU member states responsible for pricing and reimbursement, as well as reinforced cooperation with these authorities on pricing and reimbursement matters. The provisional agreement is still subject to the formal approval by the European Parliament and the Council of the EU and subsequent publication in the Official Journal of the EU. Further, an increasing number of European and other foreign countries use prices for medicinal products established in other countries as “reference prices” to help determine the price of the product in their own territory. Consequently, a downward trend in prices of medicinal products in some countries could contribute to similar downward trends elsewhere. In addition to access, coverage and reimbursement, the commercial success of our products depends upon their market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and the medical community. If physicians do not prescribe our products, we cannot generate the revenues we anticipate from product sales. Market acceptance of each of our products by physicians, patients, third party payors and the medical community depends on: • the clinical indications for which a product is approved and any restrictions placed upon the product in connection with its approval, such as a REMS or equivalent obligation imposed in a European or other foreign country, patient registry requirements or labeling restrictions; • the prevalence of the disease or condition for which the product is approved and its diagnosis; • the efficacy of the product in regular use; • the severity of side effects and other risks in relation to the benefits of our products; • unanticipated serious adverse events; • acceptance by physicians and patients of each product as a safe and effective treatment; • availability of sufficient product inventory to meet demand; 50 Table of Contents • physicians’ decisions relating to treatment practices based on availability of product; • perceived clinical superiority and/or advantages over alternative treatments; • overcoming negative publicity surrounding illicit use of ◦ GHB or ◦ CBD and marijuana products and the view of patients, law enforcement agencies, physicians and regulators of our products as being the same or similar to illicit products; • relative convenience and ease of administration; • with respect to Xywav and Xyrem, physician and patient assessment of the burdens associated with obtaining or maintaining the certifications required under the Xywav and Xyrem REMS; • the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments, including generic products; and • the availability of financial or other assistance for patients who are uninsured or underinsured. Because of our dependence upon market acceptance of our products, any adverse publicity associated with harm to patients or other adverse events resulting from the use or misuse of any of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies, including generic versions of our products, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Delays or problems in the supply of our products for sale or for use in clinical trials, loss of our single source suppliers or failure to comply with manufacturing regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of process controls required to consistently produce the API and the finished product in sufficient quantities while meeting detailed product specifications on a repeated basis. We and our suppliers may encounter difficulties in production, including difficulties with the supply of manufacturing materials, production costs and yields, process controls, quality control and quality assurance, including testing of stability, impurities and impurity levels and other product specifications by validated test methods, and compliance with strictly enforced U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. In addition, we and our suppliers are subject to FDA’s cGMP requirements, federal and state controlled substances obligations and equivalent rules and regulations prescribed by non-U.S. regulatory authorities. If we or any of our suppliers encounter manufacturing, quality or compliance difficulties with respect to any of our products, whether due to the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions imposed against Russia (including as a result of disruptions of global shipping, the transport of products, energy supply, cybersecurity incidents and banking systems as well as of our ability to control input costs) or otherwise, we may be unable to obtain or maintain regulatory approval or meet commercial demand for such products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, we could be subject to enforcement actions by regulatory authorities for our failure to comply with cGMP requirements with respect to the products we manufacture in our facilities as well as for our failure to adequately oversee compliance with cGMP by any of our third party suppliers operating under contract. Moreover, failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements subjects us and our suppliers to possible regulatory action, including restrictions on supply or shutdown, which may adversely affect our or our supplier’s ability to supply the ingredients or finished products we need. We have a manufacturing and development facility in Athlone, Ireland where we manufacture Xywav and Xyrem, a manufacturing plant in Villa Guardia, Italy where we produce the defibrotide drug substance and a manufacturing and development facility in the U.K. at Kent Science Park, where we produce Epidiolex/Epidyolex and have capability to develop product candidates. We currently do not have our own commercial manufacturing or packaging capability for our other products, their APIs or product candidates outside of those developed at Kent Science Park. As a result, our ability to develop and supply products in a timely and competitive manner depends primarily on third party suppliers being able to meet our ongoing commercial and clinical trial needs for API, other raw materials, packaging materials and finished products. In part due to the limited market size for our products and product candidates, we have a single source of supply for most of our marketed products, product candidates and their APIs. Single sourcing puts us at risk of interruption in supply in the event of manufacturing, quality or compliance difficulties. If one of our suppliers fails or refuses to supply us for any reason, it would take a significant amount of time and expense to implement and execute the necessary technology transfer to, and to qualify, a new supplier. FDA and similar international or national regulatory bodies must approve manufacturers of the active and inactive pharmaceutical ingredients and certain packaging materials used in our products. If there are delays in qualifying new suppliers or facilities or a new supplier is unable to meet FDA’s or similar international regulatory body’s requirements for approval, there could be a shortage of the affected products for the marketplace or for use in clinical studies, or both, which 51 Table of Contents could negatively impact our anticipated revenues and could potentially cause us to breach contractual obligations with customers or to violate local laws requiring us to deliver the product to those in need. We are responsible for the manufacture and supply of Epidiolex/Epidyolex for commercial use and for use in clinical trials. The manufacturing of Epidiolex/Epidyolex necessitates compliance with GMP, and other regulatory requirements in jurisdictions internationally. Our ability to successfully manufacture Epidiolex/Epidyolex involves cultivation of botanical raw material from specific cannabinoid plants, extraction and purification processes, manufacture of finished products and labeling and packaging, which includes product information, tamper evidence and anti-counterfeit features, under tightly controlled processes and procedures. In addition, we must ensure chemical consistency among our batches, including clinical batches and, if approved, marketing batches. Demonstrating such consistency may require typical manufacturing controls as well as clinical data. We must also ensure that our batches conform to complex release specifications. We have a second site at which we can grow the specific cannabis plants that produce the CBD used in Epidiolex/Epidyolex and a second site at which we can crystallize the purified CBD from the liquid plant extract. If we are unable to manufacture Epidiolex/Epidyolex in accordance with regulatory specifications, including cGMP, or if there are disruptions in our manufacturing process due to damage, loss or otherwise, or failure to pass regulatory inspections of our manufacturing facilities, we may not be able to meet current demand or supply sufficient product for use in clinical trials, and this may also harm our ability to commercialize Epidiolex/Epidyolex on a timely or cost-competitive basis, if at all. Our manufacturing program requires significant time and resources and may not be successful, may lead to delays, interruptions to supply or may prove to be more costly than anticipated. Zepzelca is manufactured by Simtra, which is a sole source supplier from a single site location. If we fail to obtain a sufficient supply of Zepzelca in accordance with applicable specifications on a timely basis, our sales of Zepzelca, our future maintenance and potential growth of the market for this product, our ability to conduct ongoing and future clinical trials of Zepzelca, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. Rylaze drug substance is manufactured by AGC Biologics A/S at its facility in Copenhagen, Denmark and the drug product is manufactured and packaged by Patheon at its facility in Greenville, North Carolina. To successfully manufacture Rylaze, the manufacturer must have an adequate master and working cell bank. If we fail to obtain a sufficient supply of Rylaze in accordance with applicable specifications on a timely basis, our sales of Rylaze, our future maintenance and potential growth of the market for this product, our competitive advantage over competing products that have supply constraints, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. Vyxeos is manufactured by Simtra, which is a sole source supplier from a single site location. Moreover, the proprietary technology that supports the manufacture of Vyxeos is not easily transferable. Consequently, engaging an alternate manufacturer may be difficult, costly and time-consuming. If we fail to obtain a sufficient supply of Vyxeos in accordance with applicable specifications on a timely basis, our sales of Vyxeos, our future maintenance and potential growth of the market for this product, and our ability to conduct ongoing and future clinical trials of Vyxeos, could be materially adversely affected. We currently rely on WuXi (Hong Kong), a company based in the PRC and subsidiary of WuXi, as the sole supplier of Ziihera. Accordingly, there is a risk that supplies of Ziihera may be significantly delayed by, or may become unavailable as a result of, manufacturing, equipment, process, regulatory or business-related issues affecting that company. We may also face additional manufacturing and supply-chain risks due to the regulatory and political structure of the PRC, or as a result of the international relations between the PRC and the U.S., including but not limited to potential trade restrictions, sanctions, other regulatory requirements, or proposed legislation imposed by the U.S. government, which could restrict or even prohibit our ability to work with WuXi. For example, the House of Representatives of the prior U.S. Congress (the 118th U.S. Congress) passed the BIOSECURE Act, which proposed to ban U.S. government contracts, grants, and loans from being used towards biotechnology equipment and services produced or provided by certain named Chinese biotechnology companies, including WuXi, and would authorize the U.S. government to name additional Chinese biotechnology companies of concern. The legislation did not pass the U.S. Congress in 2024, however, on December 18, 2025, the BIOSECURE Act was passed as part of the final Fiscal Year 2026 National Defense Authorization Act. Although the statutory language in the NDAA does not explicitly name WuXi, or any other companies, like the BIOSECURE Act, it bans federal procurement or funding associated with “biotechnology companies of concern” and restricting use of their equipment and services in federal contracts, grants, and loans. The implementation of the act will be phased in over a period of years, and could severely restrict the ability of companies to work with certain Chinese biotechnology companies of concern without losing the ability to contract with, or otherwise receive funding from, the U.S. government. Although to date there has been no impact on our ability to obtain supply of Ziihera, there can be no assurance that operations would not be impacted in the future with a negative impact on Ziihera supply. Modeyso is manufactured by Adare, which is a sole source supplier. If we fail to obtain a sufficient supply of Modeyso in accordance with applicable specifications on a timely basis, our sales of Modeyso, our future maintenance and potential growth of the market for this product, our ability to conduct ongoing and future clinical trials of Modeyso and our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. 52 Table of Contents In addition, in order t o conduct our ongoing and any future clinical trials of, complete marketing authorization submissions for, and potentially launch our other product candidates, we also need to have sufficient quantities of product manufactured. Moreover, to obtain approval from FDA or a similar international or national regulatory body of any product candidate we o r our suppliers for that product must obtain approval by the applicable regulatory body to manufacture and supply product, in some cases based on qualification data provided to the applicable body as part of our regulatory submission. Any delay in generating, or failure to generate, data required in connection with submission of the chemistry, manufacturing and controls portions of any regulatory submission could negatively impact our ability to meet our anticipated submission dates, and therefore our anticipated timing for obtaining FDA or similar international or national regulatory body approval, or our ability to obtain regulatory approval at all. In addition, any failure of us or a supplier to obtain approval by the applicable regulatory body to manufacture and supply product or any delay in receiving, or failure to receive, adequate supplies of a product on a timely basis or in accordance with applicable specifications could negatively impact our ability to successfully launch and commercialize products and generate sales of products at the levels we expect. Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, could increase our costs, reduce the competitiveness of our products and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among the U.S. and the countries in which we conduct our business, that political, diplomatic, and national security factors can lead to global trade restrictions and changes in trade policies and export regulations that may adversely affect our business and operations. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our products may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the provision of certain products and services to countries, governments and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. The U.S. and other countries have imposed and may continue to impose new trade restrictions and export regulations, have levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods, and could continue to significantly increase tariffs on a broad array of goods, including pharmaceutical and biological products. While we are an Irish company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, we derive the majority of our revenues from sales of our products in the U.S. We conduct business globally and our operations, including third-party suppliers, span numerous countries outside the U.S. In particular, we have a manufacturing and development facility in Athlone, Ireland where we manufacture Xywav and Xyrem, a manufacturing and development facility in Kent Science Park, U.K. where we produce Epidiolex/Epidyolex, and a manufacturing plant in Villa Guardia, Italy where we produce defibrotide drug substance. In addition, we rely on our supplier in the PRC for the manufacture of Ziihera. The ongoing trade tensions between the U.S. and other jurisdictions have resulted in multiple rounds of tariffs and anticipated tariffs affecting pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients, including finished drug products, manufacturing equipment, and related supplies. Such tariffs may significantly increase our costs for certain products. The Bureau of Industry and Security, U.S. Department of Commerce, has initiated an investigation to determine whether pharmaceutical ingredients, including finished drug product, manufactured outside the U.S. pose a national security risk and should be subject to additional tariffs. Should current tariffs hold or additional tariffs be imposed specifically targeting pharmaceutical imports, such tariffs will result in additional costs on our business, including costs with respect to APIs and other raw materials upon which our business depends and will generally increase our manufacturing costs. In addition, such tariffs will increase our supply chain complexity and could also potentially disrupt our existing supply chain. Moreover, other governments have imposed and may continue to impose retaliatory tariffs, trade restrictions or trade barriers on our products, which may impose additional costs and complexity on our business. In addition, the dynamic and unpredictable tariff and trade landscape creates substantial uncertainty and significant planning challenges for our operations. Changes in tariff classifications, country-of-origin requirements or customs procedures can occur with limited notice. This uncertainty complicates our long-term investment decisions regarding manufacturing facilities, supply chain optimization, and R&D locations. While we cannot at this time predict the ultimate impact of such tariffs, we anticipate that our margins could be adversely affected beginning as early as fiscal 2026, depending on the ultimate scope and duration of tariffs imposed. Additionally, it is possible that such tariffs could affect imports of APIs and other raw materials used in our products, or our business may be adversely impacted by retaliatory trade measures taken by other countries, including restricted access to APIs or other raw materials used in our products, further disrupting our supply chain and increasing our costs. Given the nature of our products, relocating the manufacturing supply in response to tariffs and other trade restrictions would be a complex, costly and time-consuming process making it difficult for us to react quickly to a rapidly changing environment. In this regard, it would take a significant amount of time and expense to implement and execute the necessary technology transfer to, and to qualify, new suppliers for our products. If there are delays in qualifying new suppliers or facilities or a new supplier is unable to meet FDA’s or similar international regulatory body’s requirements for approval, there could be a shortage of the affected products for the marketplace or for use in clinical studies, or both, which could negatively impact our anticipated revenues. 53 Table of Contents Further, the continued threats of new or increased tariffs, sanctions, trade restrictions and trade barriers as well as ongoing changes in U.S. and foreign government trade policies, including potential modifications to existing trade agreements, have had and may continue to have a generally disruptive impact on the global economy and, therefore, negatively impact revenues from sales of our products. Given the volatility and uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of such tariffs and other aspects of U.S. and foreign government trade policies, the ultimate impact on our operations and financial results is uncertain and could be significant. In any event, further trade restrictions and export regulations, or new or increased tariffs, including further retaliatory measures, could increase our supply chain complexity and our manufacturing costs, decrease our margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or restrict our ability to sell our products, provide services or purchase necessary equipment and supplies. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Risks Related to Growth of Our Product Portfolio and Research and Development We may not realize the anticipated benefits from our acquisition of Chimerix. On April 21, 2025, we completed the acquisition of all the outstanding shares of Chimerix Common Stock. As a result of this, Chimerix became our indirect wholly owned subsidiary. The success of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from successfully combining our and Chimerix’s operations and we plan on devoting significant management attention and resources to integrating our business practices and operations with Chimerix’s so that we can fully realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. In addition, Modeyso, which we acquired in the acquisition, may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. As a result, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully within the expected timeframe or at all or may take longer to realize or cost more than expected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Our future success depends on our ability to successfully obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our late-stage product candidates and, if approved, to successfully launch and commercialize those product candidates. The testing, manufacturing and marketing of our products require regulatory approvals, including approval from FDA and similar bodies in Europe and other countries. If FDA, EMA, the EC or the competent authorities of the EU member states or other European countries determine that our qualit