. Intellectual Property Generally, the Company seeks statutory protection for strategic or financially important intellectual property developed in connection with its business. The Company protects its intellectual property investments in a variety of ways. The Company works actively in the U.S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other protections that apply to the Company's products, services, software, solutions, and branding. Certain intellectual property, where appropriate, is protected by contracts, licenses, confidentiality or other agreements. The Company owns numerous U.S. and non-U.S. patents (and their respective counterparts), the more important of which cover those technologies and inventions embodied in current products or which are used in the manufacture of those products. Internal development allows the Company to maintain competitive advantages that come from product differentiation and closer technical control over its products and services. While the Company believes patents are important to its business operations and in the aggregate constitute a valuable asset, no single patent, or group of patents, is critical to the success of the business. The Company, from time to time, grants licenses under its patents and technology and receives licenses under patents and technology of others. The Company’s trademarks, certain of which are material to its business, are registered or otherwise legally protected in the U.S. and many non-U.S. countries where products and services of the Company are sold. The Company, from time to time, becomes involved in trademark licensing transactions. Most works of authorship produced for the Company, such as computer programs, catalogs and sales literature, carry appropriate notices indicating the Company’s claim to copyright protection under U.S. law and appropriate international treaties. Environmental, Health and Safety Matters Laws addressing the protection of the environment and workers’ safety and health govern the Company’s ongoing global operations. They generally provide for civil and criminal penalties, as well as injunctive and remedial relief, for noncompliance or require remediation of sites where Company-related materials have been released into the environment. A portion of the Company’s products consume energy and use refrigerants. Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change has resulted in more regulations designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These regulations tend to be implemented under global, national and sub-national climate objectives or policies, and target the global warming potential (“GWP”) of refrigerants, equipment energy efficiency, and the combustion of fossil fuels as a heating source. The Company continues to invest in its product portfolio to meet or exceed emerging emissions regulations and standards. The Company has expended substantial resources globally, both financial and managerial, to comply with environmental laws and worker safety laws and maintains procedures designed to foster and ensure compliance. Certain of the Company’s businesses are, or have been, engaged in the handling or use of substances that may impact workplace health and safety or the 7 environment. The Company is committed to protecting its workers and the environment against the risks associated with these substances. The Company’s operations and facilities have been, and in the future may become, the subject of formal or informal enforcement actions or proceedings for noncompliance with environmental laws and worker safety laws or for the remediation of Company-related substances released into the environment. Such matters typically are resolved with regulatory authorities through commitments to compliance, abatement or remediation programs and, in some cases, payment of penalties. In addition, governments in the United States and internationally have increasingly been regulating perfluorooctane sulfonate ("PFOS"), perfluorooctanoic acid ("PFOA"), and/or other per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS"), which were contained in certain of the Company's legacy firefighting foam products. These regulations include declining emission standards and limits set as to the presence of certain compounds. See Note 20, "Commitments and Contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of environmental matters. Government Regulation and Supervision The Company's operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, both within and outside the United States, in areas such as consumer protection, government contracts, international trade, environmental protection, labor and employment, tax, licensing and others. For example, most U.S. states and non-U.S. jurisdictions in which the Company operates have licensing laws directed specifically toward the alarm and fire suppression industries. The Company's security businesses currently rely extensively upon the use of wireline and wireless telephone service to communicate signals. Wireline and wireless telephone companies in the U.S. are regulated by the federal and state governments. In addition, government regulation of fire safety codes can impact the Company's fire businesses. The Company’s businesses may also be affected by changes in governmental regulation of refrigerants, PFAS, energy efficiency standards, noise regulation and product safety regulations, including changes related to hydro fluorocarbons/emissions reduction efforts, energy conservation standards and the regulation of fluorinated gases. These and other laws and regulations impact the manner in which the Company conducts its business, and changes in legislation or government policies can affect the Company's worldwide operations, both favorably and unfavorably. For a more detailed description of the various laws and regulations that affect the Company's business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Regulatory Capital Expenditures The Company’s efforts to comply with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations applicable to its business and products often results in capital expenditures. The Company makes capital expenditures to design and upgrade its fire and security products to comply with or exceed standards applicable to the alarm, fire suppression and security industries. The Company also makes capital expenditures to meet or exceed energy efficiency standards and comply with applicable regulations, including the regulation of refrigerants, hydro fluorocarbons/emissions reduction efforts and the regulation of fluorinated gasses, particularly with respect to its HVAC products and solutions. The Company’s ongoing environmental compliance program also results in capital expenditures. Regulatory and environmental considerations are a part of all significant capital expenditure decisions; however, expenditures in fiscal 2025 related solely to regulatory compliance were not material. It is management’s expectation that the amount of any future capital expenditures related to compliance with any individual regulation or grouping of related regulations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial results or competitive position in any one year. See Note 20, "Commitments and Contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of environmental matters. Seasonal Factors Certain of the Company's sales are seasonal as the demand for certain air conditioning equipment and services generally increases in the summer months. This seasonality is mitigated by the other products and services provided by the Company that have no material seasonal effect. 8 Research and Development Expenditures Refer to Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements for research and development expenditures. The Company has committed to invest a substantial portion of its new product research and development in developing products and services supporting energy efficiency, decarbonization and mission-critical environments. The Company invests in enhancements to the capabilities of its product lines and services to support its strategy, meet consumer preferences and achieve regulatory compliance. This includes investments in the development of the Company’s OpenBlue platform and related service offerings, digital product capabilities, energy efficient products, and low GWP refrigerants and technology. Human Capital Management Overview and Governance The development of a High-Performance Culture enables the Company to achieve its purpose to build smarter, healthier, and more sustainable tomorrows. As the Company enters its next 140 years of innovation leadership, people are at the center of how it delivers value to customers. The Company’s strategic drivers provide the direction that guides its workforce toward a culture of continuous improvement and innovation to exceed customers’ expectations and provide solutions for global challenges in the building systems industry. The responsibility to develop and maintain a High-Performance Culture is owned, embedded and executed throughout the Company. The Chief Human Resources Officer ("CHRO") is responsible for establishing and driving the execution of the Company’s High-Performance Culture strategy, ensuring that the Company presents an employee value proposition that supports retention and the attraction of external talent. The Company’s Board of Directors provides oversight of the Company’s High-Performance Culture, with the Compensation and Talent Development Committee overseeing the Company’s High-Performance Culture strategy and the Governance and Sustainability Committee overseeing employee health and safety. The Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), the CHRO, the General Counsel, the Vice President of Global Environment Health & Safety, the Vice President of Employee Engagement and Inclusion and other senior leaders within the Company are responsible for the execution of the High-Performance Culture strategy and engage with the Compensation and Talent Development Committee, the Governance and Sustainability Committee and the full Board of Directors on the critical components driving the Company’s High-Performance Culture, including discussions of future of work, human capital trends, processes and practices, engagement and inclusion, health and safety, talent development, company culture and succession planning. Key components driving the Company’s High-Performance Culture include: Health and Safety Health and Wellness, Safety and Environment are the three pillars of the Company’s Zero Harm vision. The Company’s health and safety programs are designed around global standards with appropriate variations addressing multiple jurisdictions and regulations, specific hazards and unique working environments of the Company’s manufacturing, service, systems, and headquarter operations. The Company requires each of its locations to perform regular safety audits to ensure proper safety policies, program procedures, analyses and training are in place. In addition, the Company engages an independent third-party conformity assessment and certification vendor to audit selected operations for adherence to its global health and safety standards. Cultural and values-based safety initiatives have been deployed within the Company to sustain and further enhance performance. The Company utilizes a mixture of leading and lagging indicators to assess the health and safety performance of its operations. Lagging indicators include the OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate ("TRIR") and the Lost Time (or Lost Workday) Incident Rate ("LTIR") based upon the number of incidents per 100 employees (or per 200,000 work hours). In fiscal 2025, the Company had a TRIR of 0.34 and a LTIR of 0.15. Employee Engagement and Inclusion The Company is dedicated to creating a workplace where uniqueness is celebrated and where every employee feels valued and included. The Company aims to foster a culture of engagement, innovation, collaboration, and respect that drives its success in the global marketplace. Employee engagement and inclusion (“EEI”) is a component of the Company’s strategy to drive a High-Performance Culture, recognized as adding value to the Company’s creation and delivery of innovative high performing 9 products and enabling solutions to its customers’ toughest problems. The Company empowers employees to take an active role in creating a culture that values uniqueness, celebrates creativity and drives innovation. The Company encourages employees to enable an inclusive culture through active participation in Business Resource Groups ("BRGs") - employee-led voluntary organizations of people with similar interests, experiences, or personal characteristics, which supports the acquisition and development of high-performing talent both internally and externally. The Company recognizes that fostering an engaged and inclusive environment requires ongoing commitment, accountability, and continuous improvement. The Company regularly assesses its progress, recognizes employee contributions, and holds leaders accountable for driving initiatives. The Company has created mechanisms for open dialogue and feedback from employees to ensure that everyone’s voices are heard. The Company has implemented several measures that focus on ensuring accountabilities exist for fostering an engaged and inclusive environment. • Organizational Engagement: The Company measures the engagement of its employees using a quarterly pulse survey initially launched in fiscal 2023. The engagement survey provides managers with their own data dashboard to view their own engagement results and can be utilized by managers at all levels to understand how to improve the Company’s culture and employee engagement. Managers are provided with resources to interpret their results and plan their actions following each survey, ensuring that all managers are reinforcing a continuous improvement culture. • Inclusion and Engagement Objectives: The CEO and other senior leaders have inclusion and engagement objectives in their annual performance goals. • Attracting High-Performing Talent: The Company attracts high-performing talent by delivering a market and persona-based employee value proposition which incorporates the Company’s mission. BRGs support these efforts through external engagement and talent acquisition sourcing initiatives. • Honoring Employee Contributions: The Company provides formal recognition and encouragement for workforce contributions to the Company’s EEI efforts. Awarded to eight employees three times per year, the nomination driven Inclusion Distinction Awards have become a highly regarded recognition of an employee’s contribution to creating an inclusive culture at the Company. Talent Development The Company must ensure the continued development and advancement of its employees to maintain a High-Performance Culture. The Company has adopted a continuous improvement approach to talent development, working to support employees’ growth while defining the skills and capabilities the organization will need in future years. To assess current enterprise capabilities and define future needs, strategic talent reviews and succession planning occur on a planned cadence annually – globally and across all business areas. The Company continues to provide opportunities for its employees to grow their careers, with more than two-thirds of open management positions filled internally during fiscal 2025. The Company believes that high performance is an outcome of an employee’s ability to change, adapt, and grow their capabilities throughout their career. This talent development approach includes self and multi-rater assessments, functional and leadership competency models, providing employees a personalized approach to their development planning and skill acquisition. The Company emphasizes real-life, real-time learning that enables each employee to meet the demands of challenging and changing work and focuses on reinforcing key principles that are designed to support an individual’s effectiveness in his or her current job and in their future development. The Company provides technical and leadership training to employees, customers and suppliers who work for or with the Company’s products and services. The Company’s focus on employee development has been structured through programs designed to embed essential skills with employees and reinforce strategic goals aligning with the Company’s culture, including: • Front-Line Talent: In support of the Company’s growth strategy, the Company is investing in developing front line talent to ensure a customer-ready workforce. This includes investment in key learning curriculum and building skill-based career pathing for all front-line staff. Retention of program participants continues to increase year over year. 10 • Leadership Development: The Company has a strong leadership curriculum for first time managers, managers new to the Company, managers of managers and executive leaders. In 2025, the high potential courses had a greater than 75% application of content to the job and a net promoter score ("NPS") of greater than 70. • Engagement and Inclusion: The Company has developed BRG-sponsored development programs structured across the levels and stages of individuals' careers to develop and align employees with the Company’s High-Performance Culture. In fiscal 2025, the Company offered a robust curriculum of almost 225,000 activities that were completed by employees, consisting of videos, courses, e-learning, documentation, articles and books, including over 4,000 active (in person or virtual) learning courses. In fiscal 2025, over 1.3 million learning activities were completed by over 75,000 employees (excluding non-wired). The total learning hours consumed by employees was 1.3 million hours, averaging over 17 hours per employee including time invested in formal learning and standard time invested in self-paced reading or video consumption. Employee Population and Demographics As of September 30, 2025, the Company employed approximately 87,000 people worldwide, of which approximately 31,000 were employed in the United States and approximately 56,000 were outside the United States. The Company’s workforce declined from 2024 primarily due to divestitures including the R&LC HVAC business. Approximately 18,000 employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils, and the Company believes that its relations with its labor unions are generally positive. The Company’s EEO-1 Report published on our website outlines additional details on its U.S. workforce composition. Available Information The Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, definitive proxy statements on Schedule 14A, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are made available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of the Company’s Internet website at http://www.johnsoncontrols.com as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Copies of any materials the Company files with the SEC can also be obtained free of charge through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. The Company also makes available, free of charge, its Code of Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors committee charters and other information related to the Company on its Internet website or in printed form upon request. The Company is not including the information contained on its website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS Provided below is a cautionary discussion of what we believe to be the most important risk factors applicable to the Company. Discussion of these factors is incorporated by reference into and considered an integral part of Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.” The disclosure of a risk should not be interpreted to imply that such risk has not already materialized. Additional risks not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial may also impair the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business Operations Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire new products, services and technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. Our future success depends on our ability to develop or acquire, manufacture and bring competitive, and increasingly complex, products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products, services and technologies requires the investment of significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and they may not lead to the development of new technologies, products or services on a timely basis. Further, we must continue to effectively adapt our products and services to a changing technological and regulatory environment to drive growth and defend against disruption caused by competitors, regulators or other external forces impacting our business and operations. If we are unable to be agile and responsive to disruption in the development of new products, services and technologies, including capabilities such as energy efficiency, cooling technology (including liquid 11 cooling), artificial intelligence and machine learning, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Even after introduction, new or enhanced products may not satisfy customer preferences and product failures may cause customers to reject our products. Further, as we integrate emerging and rapidly evolving technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning into our products and services, we may not be able to anticipate or identify vulnerabilities, design flaws or security threats resulting from the use of such technology and develop adequate protection measures. As a result, these products may not achieve market acceptance and our brand image could suffer. We must also attract, develop and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise and understanding of customers’ needs to develop new technologies and introduce new products. The laws and regulations applicable to our products, and our customers’ product and service needs, change from time to time, and regulatory changes may render our products and technologies noncompliant or result in new or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. In addition, the markets for our products, services and technologies may not develop or grow as we anticipate. The failure of our technology, products or services to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our competitors, the introduction of new competitors to the market with new or innovative product offerings or the failure to address any of the above factors could significantly reduce our revenues, increase our operating costs or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to increase organizational effectiveness through the execution of our operating model and organizational improvements may reduce our profitability or adversely impact our business. Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows are dependent upon our ability to execute on our operating model and drive organizational improvement. We seek to develop and maintain a high-performance, customer centric culture and commercial organization characterized by differentiated products and services, the attraction and retention of top talent and delivering sustained results. Our ability to successfully implement our operating model includes our ability to organize our operations around our commercial and manufacturing strategy through organizational improvements and implementing incentive programs that promote and reward the effective execution of our strategy. The implementation of our operating model also depends on our ability to quickly respond to market and innovation driven changes and redeploy our resources as needed within our organization. If we are unable to successfully implement and execute our operating model, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. We seek to drive organizational improvement through a variety of actions, including restructuring and integration activities, digital transformation, strategic initiatives, business portfolio reviews, productivity initiatives, functionalization, incentive programs, training, executive management changes, and business and operating model assessments. The Company has committed to a multi-year restructuring plan to address stranded costs and further right-size its global operations as a result of previously announced portfolio optimization transactions. In addition, during fiscal year 2025, the Company realigned its organizational structure into three regional reporting segments as part of ongoing initiatives to drive simplification, accelerate growth, and better reflect its organizational and operational structure. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution, additional unexpected costs, loss of customer relationships, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, increased change fatigue, organizational strain and adverse effects on employee morale. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect, the recognition of these benefits may be delayed, and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. In addition, our failure to effectively implement our operating model and manage organizational changes may lead to increased attrition of customers and employees and harm our ability to attract and retain key talent. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and on-time delivery could damage our reputation with customers and negatively impact our results. Product and service quality issues could harm customer confidence in our Company and our brands. If certain of our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding quality, safety or performance, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and we could be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks. In addition, a recall or claim could require us to review some or all of our product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other products, which could result in a significant disruption to our business and our results of operations. We have experienced such quality issues in the past and may experience such issues in the future. We cannot be certain that our quality controls and procedures will reveal defects in our products or their raw materials, which may not become apparent until after the products have been placed in use in the market. Accordingly, there is a risk that products will have defects, which could result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance and require a product recall or field corrective action. Such remedial actions can be expensive to implement and may damage our reputation, customer 12 relationships and market share. We have conducted product recalls and field corrective actions in the past and may do so again in the future. When our products fail to perform as expected, we are exposed to warranty, product liability, personal injury and other claims. In many jurisdictions, product liability claims are not limited to any specified amount of recovery and such claims or contribution requests or requirements could exceed our available insurance. There can be no assurance that we will not experience any material warranty or product liability claims in the future, that we will not incur significant costs to defend such claims or that we will have adequate reserves to cover any recall, repair and replacement costs. Our ability to compete and generate sales depends in part on our capacity to meet customer demand and ensure that products and services are delivered to the customer on time. If we are unable to manufacture and deliver products to customers on time, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and we could be exposed to legal, financial, and reputational risks. The inability to deliver our products to customers on time could also restrict our manufacturing capacity, which could lead to the loss of customers and restrict our ability to grow sales. The ability of suppliers to deliver raw materials, parts and components to our manufacturing facilities, and our ability to manufacture and deliver services without disruption, could affect our results of operations. We use a wide range of materials (primarily steel, copper and aluminum) and components (including semiconductors, electronic components, and components utilizing rare earth minerals) in the global production of our products, which come from numerous suppliers around the world. Because not all of our business arrangements provide for guaranteed supply and some key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers, we are subject to supply and pricing risk. Our operations and those of our suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons. For example, we have in the past experienced the following supply chain issues due to economic, political and other factors largely beyond our control: increased input material costs and component shortages; supply chain disruptions and delays and cost inflation. In addition, some of our subcontractors have experienced supply chain and labor disruptions, which have and could in the future impact our ability to timely complete projects and convert our backlog. Such disruptions have and could in the future interrupt our ability to manufacture or obtain certain products and components, thereby adversely impacting our ability to provide products to customers and realize expected profit margins. We could experience the recurrence of similar or new disruptions in the future, the effect of which will depend on our ability to successfully mitigate the impact of these disruptions. Any such disruption could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Material supply shortages and delays in deliveries, along with other factors such as price inflation, can also result in increased pricing. While many of our customers permit quarterly or other periodic adjustments to pricing based on changes in component prices and other factors, we may bear the risk of price increases that occur between any such repricing or, if such repricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. The inability to timely convert our backlog due to supply chain disruptions subjects us to pricing risk due to cost inflation occurring between the generation of backlog and its conversion into revenue. If we are unable to effectively manage the impacts of price inflation and timely convert our backlog, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could materially and adversely be affected. Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a high-performance, customer-centric management team and workforce. Continuous efficient and timely customer service, customer support and customer intimacy are essential to enabling customer loyalty and driving our financial results. Our growth strategies require that we pivot to new talent capability investments and build the workforce of the future, with an emphasis on developing skills in digital and consultative, outcome-based selling. Failure to ensure that we have leadership, technical and talent capacity with the necessary skillset and experience could impede our ability to deliver our growth objectives, execute our strategic plan and effectively transition our leadership. Any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees could have a negative effect on our results of operations. The nature of our business requires us to maintain a labor force that is sufficiently large enough to support our manufacturing operations to meet customer demand, as well as provide on-site services and project support for our customers. This includes recruiting, hiring and retaining skilled trade workers to support our direct channel field businesses. We have in the past, and could in the future, experience shortages for skilled or unskilled labor. The impacts of such labor shortages could limit our ability to scale our operations to meet increased demand and convert backlog into revenue, which could negatively impact our growth and results of operations. 13 Cybersecurity incidents impacting our IT systems and digital products could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and materially and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our IT and data security infrastructure and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As we implement new systems or integrate existing systems, they may not perform as expected. We also face the challenge of supporting our older systems, which are vulnerable to increased risks, including the risk of security breaches, system failures and disruptions, and implementing necessary upgrades. If we experience a problem with the functioning of an important IT system as a result of increased burdens placed on our IT infrastructure or a security breach of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats directed at the Company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. We and third parties utilize vendors to support our business and operations have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, which add to the risks to our IT systems (including our cloud services providers’ systems), internal networks, our customers’ systems and the information that they store and process. We have and may in the future experience cybersecurity incidents that cause us to incur significant costs, reputational damage, expose us to legal claims or enforcement actions and fines levied by governmental organizations, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. There can be no assurance that unauthorized access or cyber incidents will not occur or that we will not suffer material losses in the future. Other potential consequences could include the theft of intellectual property and the diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. Despite our efforts to deploy countermeasures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate cybersecurity threats, we have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, attacks and resulting breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers’, databases or systems. Cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, have resulted, and may in the future result, in misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. Such incidents have remained, and could in the future remain, undetected for an extended period of time, and the losses arising from such incidents could exceed our available insurance coverage for such matters. In addition, security breaches impacting our IT systems have in certain cases resulted in, and in the future could result in, a risk of loss or unauthorized disclosure or theft of information, which could lead to enforcement actions, litigation, regulatory or governmental audits, investigations and possible liability. An increasing number of our products, services and technologies, including our OpenBlue software platform, are delivered with digital capabilities and accompanying interconnected device networks, which include sensors, data, building management systems and advanced computing and analytics capabilities. If we are unable to manage the lifecycle cybersecurity risk in development, deployment and operation of our digital platforms and services, they could become susceptible to cybersecurity incidents and lead to third-party claims that our product failures have caused damage to our customers. This risk is enhanced by the increasingly connected nature of our products and the role they play in managing building systems. Data privacy, identity protection and information security compliance may require significant resources and presents certain risks. We collect, store, have access to and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data, including proprietary business information, customer data, personal data or other information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed controls. Despite our efforts to protect such data, our business, data and our products have been and will in the future be vulnerable to security incidents, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, or errors that could potentially lead to the compromise or further compromise of such data, improper use of our products, systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions. During September 2023, we experienced a cybersecurity event where certain data, primarily employee, job applicant and personal information and other related data, was impacted. The Company has taken appropriate actions to notify individuals and regulatory authorities. The actual or perceived risk of theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee or other data as a result of the foregoing or any other cybersecurity incident, as well as non-compliance with applicable industry standards or our contractual 14 or other legal obligations or privacy and information security policies regarding such data, could result in litigation and/or regulatory activity and associated fines, damages, costs, awards, or settlements. Such an event could lead customers to select the products and services of our competitors. Such incidents could harm our reputation, cause unfavorable publicity or otherwise adversely affect certain existing and potential customers’ perception of the security and reliability of our services as well as our credibility and reputation, which could result in lost sales. In addition, we have and may in the future be required to make certain third-party notifications to individuals and regulators. We operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions while ensuring the data is secured. For example, proposed regulations restricting the use of biometric security technology could impact the products and solutions offered by our security business. Government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial results. Some of our contracts do not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. While we maintain general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions, such coverage might not be adequate or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to such claims. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in adverse changes to our insurance policies could have an adverse effect on our business. We are incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into our products, services and processes. These technologies may present business, compliance and reputational risks. Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine-learning technology both present opportunities and pose risks to us. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position and business results may suffer. The introduction of these technologies, particularly generative AI, into internal processes and/or new and existing offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. In addition, our personnel could, unbeknownst to us, improperly utilize AI and machine learning-technology while carrying out their responsibilities. The use of AI in the development of our products and services could also cause loss or theft of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our stakeholders, our reputation and our business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. We also face risks of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use AI to drive internal efficiencies or create new or enhanced products or services that we are unable to compete against on cost, quality or other attributes. Infringement or expiration of our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed upon the intellectual property rights of third parties, could negatively affect us. We rely on a combination of trademarks, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, know-how, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We cannot guarantee that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will be adequate to prevent infringement of our rights or misappropriation or theft of our technology, trade secrets or know-how. For example, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some of the countries in which we operate. Continued use of AI in the development of our products and services could also impact our intellectual property protections. While we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our trade secrets, know-how, business strategy and other proprietary information, such confidentiality agreements could be breached or otherwise may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how related to the design, manufacture or operation of our products. From time to time, we resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights. Such proceedings can be burdensome and costly, and we may not prevail. Further, adequate remedies may not be available in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and manufacturing expertise. For those products in our portfolio that rely on patent protection, once a patent has expired, the product is generally open to competition. Products under patent protection usually generate significantly higher revenues than those not protected by 15 patents. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could suffer, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we are, from time to time, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties, including practicing entities and non-practicing entities. Regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. The litigation process is subject to inherent uncertainties, and we may not prevail in litigation matters regardless of the merits of our position. Intellectual property lawsuits or claims may become extremely disruptive if the plaintiffs succeed in blocking the trade of our products and services and they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on our global direct installation channel for a significant portion of our revenue. Failure to maintain and grow the installed base resulting from direct channel sales could adversely affect our business. Unlike many of our competitors, we rely on a direct sales channel for a substantial portion of our revenue. The direct channel provides for the installation of fire and security solutions, and HVAC equipment manufactured by us. This represents a significant distribution channel for our products, creates a large installed base of our fire and security solutions and HVAC equipment, and creates opportunities for longer term service, monitoring, solutions and retrofit revenue over the lifecycle of the building. If we are unable to maintain or grow this installation business, whether due to changes in economic conditions, a failure to anticipate changing customer needs, a failure to introduce innovative or technologically advanced solutions, or for any other reason, our installation revenue could decline, which could in turn adversely impact our product pull-through and our ability to grow service, monitoring, solutions and retrofit revenue. Global climate change and related regulations could negatively affect our business. The effects of climate change create financial and operational risks to our business. For example, the effects of climate change could impact the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing, exacerbate existing risks to our supply chain and increase insurance and other operating costs. These factors may impact our decisions to construct new facilities or maintain existing facilities in areas most prone to physical climate risks. We could also face indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain and disruptions that could result in increased prices for our products and the resources needed to produce them. Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change has resulted in more regulations designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These regulations tend to target the global warming potential (“GWP”) of refrigerants, equipment energy efficiency, and the combustion of fossil fuels. Many of our products consume energy and use refrigerants. Regulations which seek to reduce greenhouse gas emissions present a risk predominantly to our HVAC business, if we do not adequately prepare and refresh our product portfolio. As a result, we have and may in the future be required to make increased research and development and other capital expenditures to meet new regulations and standards. Further, our customers and the markets we serve may impose emissions or other environmental standards through regulation, market-based emissions policies or consumer preference that we may not be able to timely meet due to the required level of capital investment or technological advancement. While we have been committed to continuous improvements to our product portfolio to meet and exceed anticipated regulations and preferences, there can be no assurance that our commitments will be successful, that our products will be accepted by the market, that proposed regulation or deregulation will not have a negative competitive impact or that economic returns will reflect our product development investments. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate and refrigerant transition legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Such regulatory uncertainty extends to incentives, which if discontinued, could adversely impact the demand for energy efficient buildings, and could increase costs of compliance. In addition, the rollback of existing climate and refrigerant transition legislation in certain jurisdictions could increase our costs to adapt our portfolio for compliance and competitiveness in different markets. These factors may impact the demand for our products, obsolescence of our products and our results of operations. Failure to achieve our public sustainability commitments could negatively affect our reputation and business. As of the date of this filing, we have made several public commitments regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions, including commitments to achieve net zero carbon emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2040 and the establishment of science-based targets to reduce Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions from our operations and Scope 3, category 11 emissions from the use of sold products in the operations of our customers. Although we intend to meet these commitments, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational and capital costs. Further, there can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our commitments will be achieved, or that any future investments we make in furtherance of achieving such targets and goals will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 16 performance. We may determine that it is in the best interest of our company and our shareholders to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current commitments based on economic, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. If we are unable to meet these commitments, we could incur adverse publicity and reaction from investors, activist groups and other stakeholders, which could adversely impact the perception of our brand and our products and services by current and potential customers, as well as investors, which could in turn adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. A material disruption of our operations due to catastrophic or geopolitical events, particularly at our monitoring and/or manufacturing facilities, could materially and adversely affect our business. If our operations, particularly at our monitoring facilities and/or manufacturing facilities, were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, pandemics, climate change, cybersecurity incidents, power outages, fires, explosions, abrupt political change, armed conflict, terrorism, sabotage, adverse weather conditions, public health crises, labor disputes, labor shortages or other reasons, we may be unable to effectively respond to alarm signals, fill customer orders, convert our backlog, collect revenue and otherwise meet obligations to or demand from our customers, which could adversely affect our financial performance. These events may also cause us to experience increased costs and reduced productivity. Interruptions to production could increase our costs and reduce our sales. Any interruption in production capability could require us to make substantial capital expenditures or purchase alternative material at higher costs to fill customer orders, which could negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. Any recovery under our insurance policies may not offset the lost sales or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business may be adversely affected by work stoppages, union negotiations, labor disputes and other matters associated with our labor force. We employ approximately 87,000 people worldwide. Approximately 21% of these employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. Although we believe that our relations with the labor unions and works councils that represent our employees are generally good and we have experienced no material strikes or work stoppages recently, no assurances can be made that we will not experience in the future these and other types of conflicts with labor unions, works councils, other groups representing employees or our employees generally, or that any future negotiations with our labor unions will not result in significant increases in our cost of labor. Additionally, a work stoppage at one of our suppliers could materially and adversely affect our operations if an alternative source of supply was not readily available. Work stoppages by employees of our customers could also result in reduced demand for our products. Risks Related to Macroeconomic and Political Conditions Some of the industries in which we operate are cyclical and, accordingly, demand for our products and services could be adversely affected by downturns in these industries. Much of the demand for our products, services and solutions is driven by commercial, institutional, industrial, data center and governmental construction, industrial facility expansion, retrofit activity, maintenance projects and other capital investments in buildings within the sectors that we serve. Construction and other capital investment projects are heavily dependent on general economic conditions, localized demand for real estate and availability of credit , public funding or other sources of financing . Some of the real estate markets we serve are prone to significant fluctuations in supply and demand. In addition, most real estate developers rely heavily on project financing in order to initiate and complete projects. Declines in real estate values and increases in prevailing interest rates could lead to significant reductions in the demand for and availability of project financing, even in markets where demand may otherwise be sufficient to support new construction. These factors could in turn temper demand for new building products and solutions and have a corresponding impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Levels of industrial capital expenditures for facility expansions and maintenance are dependent on general economic conditions, economic conditions within specific industries we serve, expectations of future market behavior and available financing. The businesses of many of our industrial customers are to varying degrees cyclical and have experienced periodic downturns. During such economic downturns, customers in these industries tend to delay major capital projects, including greenfield construction, maintenance projects and upgrades. Additionally, demand for our products and services may be affected by volatility in energy, component and commodity prices, commodity and component availability and fluctuating demand forecasts, as our customers may be more conservative in their capital planning, which may reduce demand for our products and services as projects are postponed or cancelled. Increases in prevailing interest rates or disruptions in financial markets and 17 banking systems could make credit and capital markets difficult for our customers to access and could significantly raise the cost of new debt for our customers. Any difficulty in accessing these markets and the increased associated costs can have a negative effect on investment in large capital projects, including necessary maintenance and upgrades, even during periods of favorable end-market conditions. Many of our customers inside and outside of the industrial and commercial sectors, including governmental and institutional customers, have experienced budgetary constraints as sources of revenue have been negatively impacted by adverse or stagnant economic conditions, including sustained increases in interest rates. These budgetary constraints have in the past, and may in the future, reduce demand for our products and services among governmental and institutional customers. Reduced demand for our products and services could result in the delay or cancellation of existing orders or lead to excess capacity, which unfavorably impacts our absorption of fixed costs. This reduced demand may also erode average selling prices in the industries we serve. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results. Geopolitical tensions and trade disputes can disrupt supply chains and increase the cost of our products. This could cause our products to be more expensive for customers, which could reduce the demand for, or attractiveness of, such products. In addition, a geopolitical conflict in a region where we operate could disrupt our ability to conduct business operations in that region. Countries also could adopt restrictive trade measures, such as tariffs, laws and regulations concerning investments and limitations on foreign ownership of businesses, taxation, foreign exchange controls, capital controls, employment regulations and the repatriation of earnings and controls on imports or exports of goods, technology, or data, any of which could adversely affect our operations and supply chain and limit our ability to offer our products and services as intended. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products or from where we import products or raw materials (either directly or through our suppliers) could have an impact on our competitive position, business operations and financial results. For example, the U.S., China and other countries continue to implement restrictive trade actions, including tariffs, export controls, sanctions, legislation favoring domestic investment and other actions impacting the import and export of goods, foreign investment and foreign operations in jurisdictions in which we operate. The United States has announced tariffs and reciprocal tariffs on a wide range of products manufactured or produced worldwide, including Canada, China, the European Union, Japan and Mexico, among others. Several countries have similarly announced reciprocal or other tariffs impacting products manufactured or produced in the United States. The United States has and may in the future pause, reimpose or increase tariffs, and countries subject to such tariffs have and, in the future, may impose reciprocal tariffs or other restrictive trade measures in response to the imposition of tariffs by the United States. We maintain operations worldwide, including the jurisdictions impacted by announced and contemplated tariffs. If the actual and potential tariffs and reciprocal tariffs are implemented, we expect that such actions could negatively impact our revenue growth and margins in future periods through increased costs, decreased demand and other adverse economic impacts. We could also experience increased material cost inflation and component shortages, as well as disruptions and delays in our supply chain. The net effect of these actions will depend on our ability to successfully mitigate and offset their impact, which may not be effective. Trade restrictions could be adopted with little to no advanced notice, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate the adverse impacts from such measures. Political uncertainty surrounding trade or other international disputes also could have a negative impact on customer confidence and willingness to invest capital, which could impair our future growth. Any of these events could increase the cost of our products, create disruptions to our supply chain and impair our ability to effectively operate and compete in the countries where we do business. Risks associated with our non-U.S. operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have significant operations in a number of countries outside the U.S., some of which are located in emerging markets. Long-term economic and geopolitical uncertainty in any of the regions of the world in which we operate, such as Asia, South America, the Middle East, Europe and emerging markets, could result in the disruption of markets and negatively affect cash flows from our operations to cover our capital needs and debt service requirements. For example, during fiscal year 2024 and fiscal 2025, our results of operations were impacted by the softening of economic conditions in China, negatively impacting the 18 performance of the APAC segment. The continuation of economic weakness in China or in other regions could adversely impact our financial performance in such regions, as well as our consolidated financial performance. In addition, as a result of our global presence, a significant portion of our revenues and expenses is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We are therefore subject to non-U.S. currency risks and non-U.S. exchange exposure. While we employ financial instruments to hedge some of our transactional foreign exchange exposure, these activities do not insulate us completely from those exposures. Exchange rates can be volatile and a substantial weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar could reduce our profit margin in various locations outside of the U.S. and adversely impact the comparability of results from period to period. There are other risks that are inherent in our non-U.S. operations, including the potential for changes in socio-economic conditions, laws and regulations, including anti-trust, labor and environmental laws, and monetary and fiscal policies; the ability to enforce rights, collect revenues and protect assets in foreign jurisdictions; protectionist measures that may prohibit acquisitions or joint ventures, or impact trade volumes; unsettled or unstable political conditions; international conflict; government-imposed plant or other operational shutdowns; backlash from foreign labor organizations related to our restructuring actions; corruption; natural and man-made disasters, hazards and losses; violence, civil and labor unrest, and possible terrorist attacks. These and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Economic, political, credit and capital market conditions could adversely affect our financial performance, our ability to grow or sustain our business and our ability to access the capital markets. We compete around the world in various geographic regions and product markets. Global economic and political conditions affect each of our primary businesses and the businesses of our customers and suppliers. Recessions, economic downturns, price instability, inflation, slowing economic growth and social and political instability in the industries and/or markets where we compete could negatively affect our revenues and financial performance in future periods, result in future restructuring charges, and adversely impact our ability to grow or sustain our business. For example, recent and ongoing macroeconomic and political instability caused by global supply chain disruptions, inflation, ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine as well as Israel and Hamas, and other geopolitical tensions have and could continue to adversely impact our results of operations. Other consequences arising from ongoing conflicts, the further escalation of geopolitical tensions globally and their effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted. This may include economic sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts, expansion of current conflicts, energy instability, retaliatory action by governments, supply chain disruptions, disruption to local markets, increased cybersecurity attacks against us, our third-party service providers and customers, collateral consequences from cyber conflicts between nation-states or other politically motivated actors targeting critical technology infrastructure. and increased tensions among countries in which we operate. Our failure to adequately react to these and other political and economic conditions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. The capital and credit markets provide us with liquidity to operate and grow our business beyond the liquidity that operating cash flows provide. A worldwide economic downturn and/or disruption of the credit markets could reduce our access to capital necessary for our operations and executing our strategic plan. In addition, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, increased capital costs due to fluctuations in global interest rates. If our access to capital were to become significantly constrained, or if costs of capital increased significantly due to increased interest rates, lowered credit ratings, prevailing industry conditions, the volatility of the capital markets or other factors; then our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Volatility in commodity prices may adversely affect our results of operations. Increases in commodity costs can negatively impact the profitability of orders in backlog as prices on such orders are typically fixed; therefore, in the short-term, our ability to adjust for changes in certain commodity prices is limited. In these cases, if we are not able to recover commodity cost increases through price increases to our customers on new orders, then such increases will have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In cases where commodity price risk cannot be naturally offset or hedged through supply-based fixed-price contracts, we use commodity hedge contracts to minimize overall price risk associated with our anticipated commodity purchases. Unfavourability in our hedging programs during a period of declining commodity prices could result in lower margins as we reduce prices to match the market on a fixed commodity cost level. Additionally, to the extent we do not or are unable to hedge certain commodities and the commodity prices substantially increase, such increases will have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We have at times experienced increased commodity costs as a result of global macroeconomic trends, including global price inflation, supply chain disruption and international conflict. We could experience further cost fluctuations in the future, which 19 could negatively impact our results of operations to the extent we are unable to successfully mitigate and offset the impact of increased costs. Risks Relating to Strategic Transactions We may not realize the benefits of our ongoing efforts to simplify our portfolio. We continually evaluate the performance and strategic fit of all of our businesses and may sell businesses or product lines. Recently, we have been engaged in a strategic evaluation of our non-core product lines, leading to the divestiture of our Air Distribution Technologies business and our R&LC HVAC business. Divestitures such as these involve risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain environmental or other contingent liabilities related to the divested business. We may also experience unfavorable reactions to the divestitures by customers, competitors, suppliers and employees, making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships. Some divestitures, including the divestiture of our R&LC HVAC business, are or may be dilutive to earnings and we may not be successful in executing restructurings and other actions to minimize or offset dilution. We may also fail to successfully complete divestitures, achieve the strategic objectives of divestitures or not realize such objectives within the expected time frame, including our objective to simplify our portfolio to be a pure-play provider of comprehensive solutions for commercial buildings. In addition, divestitures may result in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In the event we are unable to successfully divest a business or product line, we may be forced to wind down such business or product line, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We cannot provide assurance as to whether we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line, and any divestiture we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may also result in a diversion of management attention, operational difficulties and losses. We may be unable to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions or joint ventures. We expect acquisitions of businesses and assets, as well as joint ventures (or other strategic arrangements), to play a role in our future growth and our ability to build capabilities in our products and services. We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition or joint venture targets, obtain financing for acquisitions on satisfactory terms, successfully acquire identified targets or form joint ventures, or manage the timing of acquisitions with capital obligations across our businesses. Competition for acquisition opportunities may rise, thereby increasing our costs of making acquisitions or causing us to refrain from making further acquisitions. Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrences, equity issuances, operating losses and expenses and may be dilutive to earnings. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: the diversion of management attention to integration matters; difficulties in integrating operations and systems; challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures; difficulties in assimilating employees and in attracting and retaining key personnel; challenges in successfully integrating and operating businesses with different characteristics than our current core businesses; challenges in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects; contingent liabilities (including contingent tax liabilities and earn-out obligations) that are larger than expected; and potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses associated with acquired companies. The goodwill and long-lived assets recorded in past acquisitions were significant, and in future acquisitions could be 20 significant, and impairment of such assets could result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreased expected revenues and diversion of management time and energy, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Government Regulations Our businesses operate in regulated industries and are subject to a variety of complex and continually changing laws and regulations. Our operations and employees are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local licensing laws, codes and standards and similar foreign laws, codes, standards and regulations. Changes in laws or regulations could require us to change the way we operate or to utilize resources to maintain compliance, which could increase costs or otherwise disrupt operations. In addition, failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits and licenses. Competition or other regulatory investigations can continue for several years, be costly to defend and can result in substantial fines. If laws and regulations were to change or if we or our products failed to comply, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Due to the international scope of our operations, the system of laws and regulations to which we are subject is complex and includes regulations issued by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security, the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control and various non U.S. governmental agencies, including applicable export controls, anti-trust, customs, currency exchange control and transfer pricing regulations, laws regulating the foreign ownership of assets, and laws governing certain materials that may be in our products. No assurances can be made that we will continue to be found to be operating in compliance with, or be able to detect violations of, any such laws or regulations. We are also subject to a complex network of tax laws and tax treaties that impact our effective tax rate. For more information on risks related to tax regulation, see “Risks Related to Tax Matters” below. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. We are subject to requirements relating to environmental and safety regulations and environmental remediation matters which could adversely affect our business, results of operation and reputation. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, solid and hazardous waste storage, treatment and disposal, and remediation of releases of hazardous materials. There are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental laws and regulations. Environmental laws and regulations may become more stringent in the future, which could increase costs of compliance, decrease demand for our products, create reputational harm or require us to manufacture with alternative technologies and materials. Federal, state and local authorities also regulate a variety of matters, including, but not limited to, health, safety laws governing employee injuries, and permitting requirements in addition to the environmental matters discussed above. If we are unable to adequately comply with applicable health and safety regulations and provide our employees with a safe working environment, we may be subject to litigation and regulatory action, in addition to negatively impacting our ability to attract and retain talented employees. New legislation and regulations may require us to make material changes to our operations, resulting in significant increases in the cost of production. Additionally, violations of environmental, health and safety laws are subject to civil, and, in some cases, criminal sanctions. As a result of these uncertainties, we may incur unexpected interruptions to operations, fines, penalties or other reductions in income which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws around the world. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and require that companies maintain accurate books and records. Our policies 21 mandate compliance with these laws. We operate in many parts of the world that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption and local customs and practices that can be inconsistent with anti-bribery laws. We cannot provide assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will preclude reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or third-party intermediaries. Where we believe or have reason to believe that our employees or agents have or may have violated applicable anti-corruption laws, or if we are subject to allegations of any such violations, we have and will investigate the allegations and from time to time as necessary may engage outside counsel to investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Violations of these laws may result in criminal or civil sanctions, which could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we could be subject to commercial impacts such as lost revenue from customers who decline to do business with us as a result of such compliance matters, which also could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risks arising from regulations applicable to companies doing business with the U.S. government. Our customers include many U.S. federal, state and local government authorities. Doing business with the U.S. federal, state and local governments subjects us to certain particular risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement and security regulations. Agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities may be subject to termination, reduction or modification, either at the convenience of the government or for failure to perform under the applicable contract. We 