.” Employee Benefits Our benefits are designed to attract, support and retain employees by providing employees and their spouses, partners and families with health and wellness programs (medical, dental, vision and behavioral), retirement wealth accumulation, paid time off, income replacement (paid sick and disability leaves and life insurance) and family-oriented benefits (parental leaves and childcare assistance). We also provide all our employees with benefits to support inclusive fertility health and family-forming benefits, including coaching for individuals going out and returning from primary caregivers leave globally. We have continued to broaden our inclusive benefits offering by adding menopause support as well. We also endeavor to provide location specific health club, transportation and employee discounts. Giving Back to Community The firm is committed to giving back to our communities. In 2025, w e donated approximately $19.0 million to organizations across a number of Jefferies-supported charitable initiatives. Additionally, through our Employee Resource Groups, employees have created lasting partnerships by volunteering time to support several of these charitable partners. Competition All aspects of our business are intensely competitive. We compete primarily with large global bank holding companies that engage in investment banking and capital markets activities as one of their lines of business and that have greater capital and resources than we do. We also compete against other broker- dealers, asset managers and boutique firms. We believe the principal factors driving our competitiveness include our ability to provide differentiated insights to our clients that lead to better business outcomes, to attract, retain and develop skilled professionals and to deliver a competitive breadth of high-quality service offerings; our vast global footprint; the depth and breadth of our capabilities in Investment Banking and Capital Markets; and our ability to maintain a flat, nimble and entrepreneurial culture built on immediacy and client service. Regulation Regulation in the United States. The financial services industry in which we operate is subject to extensive regulation. As a publicly traded company and through our investment bank, investment management and derivative businesses in the U.S., we are subject to the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). In the U.S., the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of federal securities laws, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) is the federal agency responsible for the administration of laws relating to commodity interests. In addition, we are subject to regulation 5 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) and the National Futures Association (“NFA”) and our municipal securities activities are subject to regulation by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”). In addition to federal regulation, we are subject to state securities regulations in each state and U.S. territory in which we conduct securities or investment advisory activities and to regulation by the securities exchanges and execution facilities of which we are a member. The SEC, FINRA, CFTC, NFA and state securities regulators conduct periodic examinations of broker-dealers, investment advisors, futures commission merchants (“FCMs”), swap dealers, security-based swap dealers (“SBS dealers”) and over the counter derivatives dealer (“OTCDD”). The designated examining authority for Jefferies LLC’s activities as a broker-dealer is FINRA, and the designated self-regulatory organization (“DSRO”) for Jefferies LLC’s non-clearing FCM activities is the NFA. As it pertains to Jefferies Financial Services Inc. (“JFSI”), the designated examining authority for its activities as an SEC registered SBS dealer and OTCDD is the SEC and the DSRO for its activities as a swap dealer registered with the CFTC is the NFA. SEC, FINRA, MSRB, SRO and state securities regulations cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading methods, trade practices among broker-dealers, use and safekeeping of customers’ funds and securities, capital structure and requirements, anti-money laundering efforts, recordkeeping and the conduct of broker-dealer personnel including officers and employees. Registered investment advisors are subject to, among other requirements, SEC regulations concerning marketing, transactions with affiliates, custody of client assets, disclosures to clients, conflict of interest, insider trading and recordkeeping; and investment advisors that are also registered as commodity trading advisors or commodity pool operators are also subject to regulation by the CFTC and the NFA. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC, FINRA, CFTC, NFA and other SROs of which the broker-dealer is a member, and state securities regulators, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or rules may directly affect our operations and profitability. The SEC, CFTC, FINRA, NFA, state securities regulators and state attorneys general may conduct administrative proceedings or initiate civil litigation that can result in adverse consequences for Jefferies LLC, JFSI, and its affiliated entities, including affiliated investment advisors, as well as its and their officers and employees (including, without limitation, injunctions, censures, fines, suspensions, directives that impact business operations (including proposed expansions), membership expulsions, or revocations of licenses and registrations). The investment advisers responsible for the Jefferies’ investment management businesses are all registered as investment advisers with the SEC or rely upon the registration of an affiliated adviser, and all are currently exempt from registration as Commodity Pool Operators and Commodity Trading Advisors. Registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements of the Advisers Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Such requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, operational and marketing requirements, disclosure obligations, conflicts of interest, fees and prohibitions on fraudulent activities. The investment activities are also subject to regulation under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”) and various other statutes, as well as the laws of the fifty states and the rules of various United States and non-United States securities exchanges and self-regulatory organizations, including laws governing trading on inside information, market manipulation and a broad number of technical requirements (e.g., options and futures position limits, execution requirements and reporting obligations) and market regulation policies in the United States and globally. Congress, regulators, tax authorities and others continue to explore and implement regulations governing all aspects of the financial services industry. Pursuant to systemic risk reporting requirements adopted by the SEC, Jefferies’ affiliated registered investment advisers with private investment fund clients are required to report certain information about their investment funds to the SEC. Regulatory Capital Requirements. Several of our regulated entities are subject to financial capital requirements that are set by applicable local regulations. Jefferies LLC is a dually registered broker-dealer and FCM and is required to maintain net capital in excess of the greater of the SEC or CFTC minimum financial requirements. The SEC’s Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1 (the “Net Capital Rule”) specifies the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a significant part of a broker-dealer's assets be kept in relatively liquid form. The SEC and various self- regulatory organizations impose rules that require notification when net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, limit the ratio of subordinated debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances . Jefferies LLC has elected to compute its minimum net capital requirement in accordance with the “Alternative Net Capital Requirement” as permitted by the Net Capital Rule, which provides that a broker-dealer shall not permit its net capital, as defined, to be less than the greater of 2% of its aggregate debit balances (primarily customer-related receivables) or $250,000 ($1.5 million for prime brokers, as applicable to Jefferies LLC). Compliance with the Net Capital Rule could limit Jefferies LLC’s operations, such as underwriting and trading activities and financing customers’ prime brokerage or other margin activities that could require the use of significant amounts of capital or limit its ability to engage in certain financing transaction. Compliance may also restrict its ability (i) to make payments of dividends, withdrawals or similar distributions or payments to a stockholder/parent or other affiliate, (ii) to make a redemption or repurchase of shares of stock, or (iii) to make an unsecured loan or advance to such shareholders or affiliates. As a carrying/ clearing broker-dealer, FINRA could impose higher minimum net capital requirements than required by the SEC and could restrict Jefferies LLC from expanding business or to reduce its business activities. As a non-clearing FCM, Jefferies LLC is also required to maintain minimum adjusted net capital of $1.0 million under CFTC rules. As a registered broker dealer that clears and carries customer accounts and proprietary accounts of brokers or dealers (commonly referred to as “PAB”), Jefferies LLC is subject to the customer and PAB reserve provisions under SEC Rule 15c3-3 and is required to compute a separate reserve formula requirements for customer and PAB accounts and deposit cash or qualified securities into separate special reserve bank account for the exclusive benefit of customers and PAB. November 2025 Form 10-K 6 Jefferies LLC is also subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act and is required by federal law to be a member of the Securities Investors Protection Corporation (“SIPC”). The SIPC oversees the liquidation of broker-dealers during liquidation or financial distress. The SIPC fund provides protection for cash and securities held in client accounts up to $500,000 per client, with a limitation of $250,000 on claims for cash balances. JFSI as an SBS dealer, and OTCDD and swap dealer registered with the CFTC is required to comply with the SEC and CFTC capital rules for SBS dealers and swap dealers, respectively. Further, as an OTCDD, JFSI is subject to compliance with the SEC’s net capital requirements. As an SEC registered OTCDD and security-based swap dealer, JFSI is subject to rules regarding capital, segregation and margin requirements. The CFTC and NFA have also adopted similar swap dealer capital rules. Under the rules there are minimum capital requirements for an entity that acts as a dealer in SBS or swaps, of $100 million in tentative net capital and the greater of $20 million or 2% of a risk margin amount (that the SEC could, in the future, increase up to 4% or 8%) of a risk margin amount in net capital. The risk margin amount for the SEC means the sum of (i) the total initial margin required to be maintained by the SEC-registered SBS dealer at each clearinghouse with respect to SBS or swap transactions cleared for SBS or swap customers and (ii) the total initial margin amount calculated by the SEC-registered SBS dealer with respect to non-cleared SBS and swaps under the SEC rules. The risk margin amount for the CFTC means the total initial margin amount calculated by the CFTC-registered swap dealer with respect to non-cleared SBS and swaps under the CFTC rules. For additional information refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors - “Legislation and regulation may significantly affect our business.” Jefferies Financial Group Inc. is not subject to any regulatory capital rules. Refer to Net Capital within Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis and Note 21, Regulatory Requirements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of net capital calculations. Regulation outside the United States. We are an active participant in the international capital markets and provide investment banking services in Europe and the Middle East and Asia-Pacific. Jefferies International Limited, which is the principal operating subsidiary of Jefferies in the U.K., maintains regulatory capital aligned with the two key regulatory pillars. Pillar 1 is its own funds requirement which represents the highest of the permanent minimum capital requirement, fixed overheads requirement and k-factor requirements set out in the Investment Firms Prudential Regime under the Financial Conduct Authority’s (“FCA”) MIFIDPRU sourcebook, while Pillar 2 pertains to the International Capital Adequacy and Risk Assessment process whereby Jefferies International Limited ensures that it maintains capital in excess of minimum regulatory capital requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. Our international subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulations proposed, promulgated and enforced by, among other regulatory bodies, the European Commission and European Supervisory Authorities (including the European Banking Authority and European Securities and Market Authority), the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, the Japan Financial Services Agency, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and the Securities and Exchange Board of India. Every country in which we do business imposes upon us laws, rules and regulations similar to those in the U.S., including with respect to some form of capital adequacy rules, customer protection rules, data protection regulations, anti-money laundering and anti-bribery rules, compliance with other applicable trading and investment banking regulations and similar regulatory reform. Item 1A. Risk Factors Factors Affecting Our Business The following factors describe some of the assumptions, risks, uncertainties and other factors that could adversely affect our business or that could necessitate unforeseen changes to the ways we operate our businesses or could otherwise result in changes that differ materially from our expectations. In addition to the specific factors mentioned in this report, we may also be affected by other factors that affect businesses generally, such as global or regional changes in economic, business or political conditions, acts of war, terrorism, pandemics, climate change, and natural disasters. Credit, Market and Liquidity Risks Our business is subject to significant credit risk. In the normal course of our businesses, we are involved in the execution, settlement and financing of various customer and principal securities and derivative transactions. These activities are transacted on a cash, margin or delivery-versus-payment basis and are subject to the risk of counterparty or customer nonperformance. Even when transactions are collateralized by the underlying security or other securities, we still face the risks associated with changes in the market value of the collateral through settlement date or during the time when margin is extended and collateral has not been secured or the counterparty defaults before collateral or margin can be adjusted. We may also incur credit risk in our derivative transactions to the extent such transactions result in uncollateralized credit exposure to our counterparties. We seek to control the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits and by monitoring collateral and transaction levels daily. We may require counterparties to deposit additional collateral or return collateral pledged. In certain circumstances, we may, under industry regulations, purchase the underlying securities in the market and seek reimbursement for any losses from the counterparty. However, there can be no assurances that our risk controls will be successful. We are exposed to significant market risk and our principal trading and investments expose us to risk of loss. Market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. Market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including trading account assets and liabilities, loans, securities, short-term borrowings, corporate debt and derivatives. Market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, relative exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer. 7 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. The inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. A considerable portion of our revenues is derived from trading in which we act as principal. We may incur trading losses relating to the purchase, sale or short sale of fixed income, high yield, international, convertible and equity securities, loans, derivative contracts and commodities for our own account. In any period, we may experience losses on our inventory positions as a result of the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices (including oil prices), lack of trading volume and illiquidity. From time to time, we may engage in a large block trade in a single security or maintain large position concentrations in a single security, securities of a single issuer, securities of issuers engaged in a specific industry or securities from issuers located in a particular country or region. In general, because our inventory is marked to market on a daily basis, any adverse price movement in these securities could result in a reduction of our revenues and profits. In addition, we may engage in hedging transactions that if not successful, could result in losses. Increased market volatility may also impact our revenues as transaction activity in our investment banking and capital markets sales and trading businesses can be negatively impacted in a volatile market environment. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Risk Management within Part II, Item 7. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. A credit-rating agency downgrade could significantly impact our business. The cost and availability of financing generally are impacted by (among other things) our credit ratings. If any of our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, which could adversely affect our client relationships. Additionally, we intend to access the capital markets and issue debt securities from time to time, and a decrease in our credit ratings or outlook could adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, decrease demand for our debt securities and increase the expense and difficulty of financing our operations. In addition, in connection with certain over-the- counter derivative contract arrangements and certain other trading arrangements, we may be required to provide additional collateral to counterparties, exchanges and clearing organizations in the event of a credit rating downgrade. Such a downgrade could also negatively impact the prices of our debt securities. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will not be downgraded. As a holding company, we are dependent for liquidity from payments from our subsidiaries, many of which are subject to restrictions. As a holding company, we depend on dividends, distributions and other payments from our subsidiaries to fund payments on our obligations, including debt obligations. Several of our subsidiaries, particularly our broker-dealer subsidiaries and swap dealer subsidiary, are subject to regulations that limit or restrict dividend payments or reduce the availability of the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to us. In addition, our broker-dealer subsidiaries and swap dealer subsidiary are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and are required to maintain minimum regulatory capital requirements. These regulations may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments to fulfill obligations. From time to time, we may invest in securities that are illiquid or subject to restrictions. From time to time, we may invest in securities that are subject to restrictions which prohibit us from selling the securities for a period of time. Such agreements may limit our ability to generate liquidity quickly through the disposition of the underlying investment while the agreement is effective. Economic Environment Risks We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, cybersecurity incidents and events, terrorist attacks, war, trade policies, military conflict, climate-related incidents or other natural disasters. The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, such as COVID-19, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), cybersecurity incidents and events, terrorist attacks, war, trade policies, military conflict, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses. For instance, the spread of illnesses or pandemics has, and could in the future, cause illness, quarantines, various shutdowns, reduction in business activity and financial transactions, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. In addition, geopolitical and military conflict and war between Russia and Ukraine and Hamas and Israel have and could continue to result in instability and adversely affect the global economy or specific markets, which could continue to have an adverse impact or cause volatility in the financial services industry generally or on our results of operations and financial conditions. In addition, these geopolitical tensions can cause an increase in volatility in commodity and energy prices, creating supply chain issues, and causing instability in financial markets. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflict could further adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others, could exacerbate market and economic instability. While we do not have any operations in Russia or any clients with significant Russian operations and we have minimal market risk related to securities of companies either domiciled or operating in Russia, the specific consequences of the conflict in Ukraine on our business is difficult to predict at this time. Likewise, our investments and assets in our growing Israeli business could be negatively affected by consequences from the geopolitical and military conflict in the region. In addition to inflationary pressures affecting our operations, we may also experience an increase in cyberattacks against us and our third-party service providers from Russia, Hamas or their allies. Climate change concerns and incidents or other natural disasters could disrupt our businesses, adversely affect the profitability of certain of our investments, adversely affect client activity levels, adversely affect the creditworthiness of our counterparties and damage our reputation. November 2025 Form 10-K 8 Climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our or our customer’s or client’s locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our clients, and also may adversely affect the value of certain of our investments, including our real estate investments. Climate change, as well as uncertainties related to the transition to a lower carbon dependent economy, may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients. Additionally, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our involvement, or our clients’ involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. New regulations or guidance relating to climate change and the transition to a lower carbon dependent economy, as well as the perspectives of shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we engage in certain activities or offer certain products, as well as impact our business reputation and efforts to recruit and retain employees and customers. Abrupt changes in market and general economic conditions have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our business and profitability and cause volatility in our results of operations. Economic and market conditions have had, and will continue to have, a direct and material impact on our results of operations and financial condition because performance in the financial services industry is heavily influenced by the overall strength of general economic conditions and financial market activity. Our investment banking revenue, in the form of advisory services and underwriting, is directly related to general economic conditions and corresponding financial market activity. When the outlook for such economic conditions is uncertain or negative, financial market activity generally tends to decrease, which reduces our investment banking revenues. Reduced expectations of U.S. economic growth or a decline in the global economic outlook could cause financial market activity to decrease and negatively affect our investment banking revenues. A sustained and continuing market downturn could lead to or exacerbate declines in the number of securities transactions executed for clients and, therefore, to a decline in the revenues we receive from commissions and spreads. Correspondingly, a reduction of prices of the securities we hold in inventory or as investments would lead to reduced revenues. Revenues from our asset management businesses have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by declining securities prices, as well as widely fluctuating securities prices. Because our asset management businesses hold long and short positions in equity and debt securities, changes in the prices of these securities, as well as any decrease in the liquidity of these securities, may materially and adversely affect our revenues from asset management. Similarly, our other investments businesses may suffer from the above-mentioned impacts of fluctuations in economic and market conditions, including reductions in business activity and financial transactions, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. In addition, other factors, most of which are outside of our control, can affect our businesses, including the state of the real estate market, the state of the Italian telecommunications market, and the state of international market and economic conditions which impact trading volume and currency volatility, and changes in regulatory requirements. In addition, global economic conditions and global financial markets remain vulnerable to the potential risks posed by certain events, which could include, among other things, the level and volatility of interest rates, the availability and market conditions of financing, economic growth or its sustainability, unforeseen changes to gross domestic product, inflation, energy prices, fluctuations or other changes in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies, political and financial uncertainty in the United States and the European Union, foreign trade restrictions, ongoing concern about Asia’s economies, global supply disruptions, complications involving terrorism and armed conflicts around the world (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and Hamas and Israel, or other challenges to global trade or travel, such as those that occur due to a pandemic). More generally, because our business is closely correlated to the general economic outlook, a significant deterioration in that outlook or realization of certain events would likely have an immediate and significant negative impact on our business and overall results of operations. Changing financial, economic and political conditions could result in decreased revenues, losses or other adverse consequences. Global or regional changes in the financial markets or economic and political conditions could adversely affect our business in many ways, including the following: • A market downturn, potential recession and high inflation, as well as declines in consumer confidence and an increase in unemployment rates, could lead to a decline in the volume of transactions executed for customers and, therefore, to a decline in the revenues we receive from commissions and spreads. Any such economic downturn, volatile business environment, hostile third-party action or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions could adversely affect our general business strategies; • Unfavorable conditions or changes in general political, economic or market conditions could reduce the number and size of transactions in which we provide underwriting, financial advisory and other services. Our investment banking revenues, in the form of financial advisory, underwriting or placement fees, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which we participate and could therefore be adversely affected by unfavorable financial, economic or political conditions. In particular, the increasing trend toward sovereign protectionism and de-globalization has resulted or could result in decreases in free trade, erosion of traditional international coalitions, the imposition of sanctions, tariffs or other trade restrictions, governmental closures and no- confidence votes, domestic and international strife, and general market upheaval in response to such events, all of which could negatively impact our business; • Adverse changes in the securities markets could lead to a reduction in revenues from asset management fees and losses on our own capital invested in managed funds. Even in the absence of a market downturn, below-market investment performance by our funds and portfolio managers could reduce asset management revenues and assets under management and result in reputational damage that might make it more difficult to attract new investors; 9 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. • Adverse changes in the financial markets could lead to regulatory restrictions that may limit or halt certain of our business activities; • Limitations on the availability of credit can affect our ability to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Global market and economic conditions have been particularly disrupted and volatile in the last several years and may be in the future. Our cost and availability of funding could be affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads; • New or increased taxes on compensation payments such as bonuses may adversely affect our profits; • Should one of our clients or competitors fail, our business prospects and revenue could be negatively impacted due to negative market sentiment causing clients to cease doing business with us and our lenders to cease loaning us money, which could adversely affect our business, funding and liquidity; • Unfavorable economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the demand for new loans and the servicing of loans originated by third-parties, which would have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of some of our financial services businesses. Operational Risks We may incur losses if our risk management is not effective. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure. Our risk management processes and procedures are designed to limit our exposure to acceptable levels as we conduct our business. We apply a comprehensive framework of limits on a variety of key metrics to constrain the risk profile of our business activities. These limits reflect our risk tolerances for business activity. Our framework includes inventory position and exposure limits on a gross and net basis, scenario analysis and stress tests, Value-at- Risk, sensitivities, exposure concentrations, aged inventory, the amount of Level 3 assets, counterparty exposure, leverage, cash capital and performance analysis. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk Management within Part II. Item 7. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. While we employ various risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application, including risk tolerance determinations, cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. As a result, we may incur losses notwithstanding our risk management processes and procedures. The ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled and productive employees is critical to the success of our business. Our ability to develop and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, business generation capabilities and skills of our professionals. To compete effectively, we must attract, retain and motivate qualified professionals, including successful investment bankers, sales and trading professionals, research professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue producing or specialized personnel, in addition to qualified, successful personnel in functional, non-revenue producing roles. Competitive pressures we experience with respect to employees could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Turnover in the financial services industry is high. The cost of retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has escalated considerably. Financial industry employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments and increased compensation. These can be important factors in a current employee’s decision to leave us as well as in a prospective employee’s decision to join us. As competition for skilled professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attracting and retaining qualified personnel. If we were to lose the services of certain of our professionals, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. If we are unable to retain our professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. Further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses frequently require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues. Moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors often claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. We may be subject to such claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel who have worked for our competitors. Some of these claims may result in material litigation. We could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. Such claims could also discourage potential employees who work for our competitors from joining us. We face increasing competition in the financial services industry. We operate in an intensely competitive market with other global bank holding companies that engage in investment banking and capital markets activities as one of their lines of business and that have greater capital and resources than we do. We also compete against other banks, broker-dealers, asset managers and boutique firms on both a global and regional basis. There is also growing pressure to provide services at lower fees to appeal to clients, which may impact our ability to effectively compete. Operational risks may disrupt our business, result in regulatory action against us or limit our growth. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and settle, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies, and the transactions we process have become increasingly complex. If any of our financial, accounting or other data processing systems do not operate properly, or are disabled, or if there are other shortcomings or failures in our internal processes, people or systems, we could suffer an impairment to our liquidity, financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services or our inability to occupy one or more of our buildings. The inability of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume and complexity of transactions could also constrain our ability to expand our businesses. Certain of our financial and other data processing systems rely on access to and the functionality of operating systems maintained by third-parties. If the accounting, trading or other data processing systems on which we are dependent are unable to meet increasingly demanding standards for processing and security or, if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be adversely affected. Such consequences may include our inability to effect transactions and manage our exposure to risk. November 2025 Form 10-K 10 In addition, despite the contingency plans we have in place, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which they are located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation or other services used by us or third-parties with which we conduct business. Any cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach of, or vulnerability in, our technology systems, or those of our clients, partners, counterparties, or other third-party service providers we rely on, could have operational impacts, subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation. Our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of financial, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. In recent years, there have been several highly publicized incidents involving financial services companies and their service providers reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information, as well as cyber attacks involving theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, which in some cases occurred as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third-parties. Cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including foreign governments and third- parties affiliated with them, organized crime or terrorist organizations, and malicious individuals both outside and inside a targeted company, including through use of relatively new artificial intelligence (“AI”) tools or methods that can be used to create deepfakes for impersonation or to enable attack campaigns more quickly and effectively. Retaliatory acts by Russia, Hamas or their allies in response to economic sanctions or other measures taken by the global community arising from the Russia-Ukraine and Hamas-Israel conflicts, as well as other acts by nation states or their allies in the context of other geopolitical conflicts or tensions, could result in an increased number and/or severity of cyber attacks. Malicious actors may also attempt to compromise or induce our employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. Like other financial services firms, we and our third-party service providers have been the target of cyber attacks. Although we and our service providers regularly defend against, respond to and mitigate the risks of cyberattacks, cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms and industry generally are on the rise. We are not aware of any material losses we have incurred relating to cyber attacks or other information security breaches. The techniques and malware used in these cyber attacks and cybersecurity incidents are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched because they are novel. Although we monitor the changing cybersecurity risk environment and seek to maintain reasonable security measures, including a suite of authentication and layered information security controls, no security measures are infallible, and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will always work or that they will detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. Despite our implementation of reasonable security measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to spam attacks, unauthorized access, distributed denial of service attacks, ransomware, computer viruses and other malicious code, impersonation campaigns as well as human error, natural disaster, power loss, and other events that could damage our reputation, impact the security and stability of our operations, and expose us to class action lawsuits and regulatory investigation, action, and penalties, and significant liability. We also rely on numerous third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and we face similar risks relating to them. While we evaluate the information security programs and defenses of third-party vendors, we cannot be certain that our reviews and oversight will identify all potential information security weaknesses or that our vendors’ information security protocols are or will be sufficient to withstand or adequately respond to a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident or other information security breach. In addition, in order to access our products and services, or trade with us, our customers and counterparties may use networks, computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems and processes. Notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our reasonable security measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber attacks, cybersecurity incidents or other information security breaches to our customers, partners, third-party service providers and counterparties. Though we have insurance against some cyber risks and attacks, we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our insurance policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies. A technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. Successful cyber attacks, cybersecurity incidents or other information security breaches at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in a loss of business. Further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of our clients, partners and counterparties, and the increasing sophistication of malicious actors that may employ increasingly sophisticated methods such as new artificial intelligence tools, a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. We expect that any investigation of a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach would take substantial amounts of time and resources, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm caused by the cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated. All of these factors could further increase the costs and consequences of such a cyber attack or cybersecurity incident. In providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. and non-U.S. federal and state laws governing privacy and cybersecurity. If any person, including any 11 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. In addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system compromise or failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. Depending on the circumstances giving rise to the information security breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages. The development and use of artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We, or our third-party service providers, may develop or incorporate AI technology in certain business operations, processes, products, or services. The development and use of AI presents a number of opportunities for us, as well as risks and challenges. The full extent of current or future risks related to the development of AI technology is not possible to predict and we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, mitigate or remediate all of the potential risks, challenges or impacts of such changes. AI could significantly disrupt the business models, investment strategies, operational processes, and markets in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our competitors may be more successful than us in the development and implementation of new technologies, including services and platforms based on AI, to address investor demands or improve operations. If we are unable to adequately advance our capabilities in these areas, or do so at a slower pace than others in our industry, we may be at a disadvantage. The use of AI may also include the input of sensitive personal information, trade secrets, and other protected data by both us and third parties and could result in the exposure of such information. In addition, the worldwide legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is uncertain and rapidly evolving, which could require changes in our potential use and implementation of AI technology, limit our ability to integrate AI, and increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. For example, Regulation (EU) 2024/1689 of the European Union and of the Council (the “EU AI Act”) applies to providers and deployers of AI systems in all EU Member States, as well as providers and deployers established or located outside of the EU where AI system output is used in the EU. If we were classified to be such a provider or deployer of AI Systems and deemed non-compliant, we could potentially face significant fines. While most EU AI Act requirements will come into force on August 3, 2026, the November 2025 publication of the proposed Digital Omnibus by the European Commission may extend this timeline. In the United States, states and local jurisdictions have begun to enact comprehensive or more limited laws regulating AI. More legislative activity is expected both in the United States and in other countries. While we have an AI governance policy and related procedures governing the use of AI by our personnel and third-party service providers, we cannot guarantee that they will follow such policies when using AI or that such policies will protect us from potential liability relating to our adoption or use of AI technologies. We expect our AI policies and procedures to continue to develop as business needs, AI-related risks, and the U.S. and global regulatory environment change. Damage to our reputation could harm our business. Maintaining our reputation is critical to our attracting and maintaining customers, investors and employees. If we fail to deal with, or appear to fail to deal with, various issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. These issues include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this Item 1A, appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money-laundering or other instances of fraud, cybersecurity and privacy, record keeping, sales and trading practices, failure to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels, and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity and market risks inherent in our products. A failure to deliver appropriate standards of service and quality, or a failure or perceived failure to treat customers and clients fairly, can result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to our reputation. Further, negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may also result in harm to our prospects. Our operations in the past have been impacted as some clients either ceased doing business or temporarily slowed down the level of business they do, thereby decreasing our revenue. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully reverse the negative impact of allegations and rumors in the future and our potential failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and liquidity. Employee misconduct or fraud could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. There is a risk that our employees could engage in fraud or other misconduct that adversely affects our business. For example, we are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our responsibility over the assets managed by this business. In addition, our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice, and discretionary asset management. Misconduct or fraud by employees, advisors, or other third-party service providers could cause significant losses. In addition, our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. Employee misconduct or fraud could include, among other things, binding us to unauthorized transactions that present unacceptable risks, engaging in other unauthorized activities or concealing unsuccessful investments. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective against certain misconduct, including conduct which is difficult to detect. The occurrence of significant employee misconduct could have a material adverse financial effect or cause us significant reputational harm and/or legal and regulatory liability, which in turn could seriously harm our business and our prospects. November 2025 Form 10-K 12 We may not be able to insure certain risks economically. We cannot be certain that we will be able to insure all risks that we desire to insure economically or that all of our insurers or reinsurers will be financially viable if we make a claim. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits should occur, or if we are required to pay a deductible for an insured loss, results of operations could be adversely affected. Future acquisitions and dispositions of our businesses and investments are possible, changing the components of our assets and liabilities, and if unsuccessful or unfavorable, could reduce the value of our securities. Any future acquisitions or dispositions may result in significant changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities, as well as our business mix and prospects. Consequently, our financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our securities may be affected by factors different from those affecting our financial condition, results of operations and trading price at the present time. Our investment in Jefferies Finance may not prove to be successful and may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Many factors, many of which are outside of our control, can affect Jefferies Finance’s business, including losses on loan originations; adverse investment banking and capital market conditions leading to a decline of syndicate loans; inability of borrowers to repay commitments; adverse changes to a borrower’s credit worthiness; and other factors that directly and indirectly affect the results of operations, and consequently may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Our investment in Berkadia may not prove to be successful and may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Many factors, many of which are outside of our control, can affect Berkadia’s business, including losses on loan originations in excess of reserves; a change in the relationships with U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises or federal agencies; a significant loss of customers; and other factors that directly and indirectly affect the results of operations, including the sales and profitability of Berkadia, and consequently may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. If Berkadia suffered significant losses and was unable to repay its commercial paper borrowings, we would be exposed to loss pursuant to a reimbursement obligation to Berkshire Hathaway. Berkadia obtains funds generated by commercial paper sales of an affiliate of Berkadia. All of the proceeds from the commercial paper sales are used by Berkadia to fund new mortgage loans, servicer advances, investments and other working capital requirements. Repayment of the commercial paper is supported by a $1.5 billion surety policy issued by a Berkshire Hathaway insurance subsidiary and a Berkshire Hathaway corporate guaranty, and we have agreed to reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for one-half of any losses incurred thereunder. If Berkadia suffers significant losses and is unable to repay its commercial paper borrowings, we would suffer losses to the extent of our reimbursement obligation to Berkshire Hathaway. Legal, Legislation and Regulation Risks Legislation and regulation may significantly affect our business. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) and the rules and regulations adopted by the CFTC and the SEC introduced a comprehensive regulatory regime for swaps and SBS and parties that deal in such derivatives. One of our subsidiaries is registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC and is a member of the NFA, is registered as a security-based swap dealer with the SEC and is registered with the SEC as an OTC Derivatives Dealer. We have incurred significant compliance and operational costs as a result of the swaps and SBS rules adopted by the CFTC and SEC pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, and we expect that the complex regulatory framework will continue to require significant monitoring and compliance expenditures. Negative effects could result from an expansive extraterritorial application of the Dodd-Frank Act and/ or insufficient international coordination with respect to adoption of rules for derivatives and other financial reforms in other jurisdictions. Similar types of swap regulation have been proposed or adopted in jurisdictions outside the U.S., including in the EU, the U.K. and Japan. For example, the EU and the U.K. have established regulatory requirements relating to portfolio reconciliation and reporting, clearing certain OTC derivatives and margining for uncleared derivatives activities under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”). Further enhancements (driven by regulation) have been required in 2024 with respect to EMIR OTC derivative transaction reporting, and affect our European entities. The Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation and a revision of the Market in Financial Instruments Directive in 2018 (collectively referred to as “MiFID II”) imposes certain restrictions as to the trading of shares and derivatives including market structure- related, reporting, investor protection-related and organizational requirements, requirements on pre- and post-trade transparency, requirements to use certain venues when trading financial instruments (which includes shares and certain derivative instruments), requirements affecting the way investment managers can obtain research, powers of regulators to impose position limits and provisions on regulatory sanctions. The European regulators continue to refine aspects of MiFID with these changes now being rolled out separately in both the UK and Europe. The Investment Firms Regulation (IFR) and the Investment Firms Directive (IFD), applicable in the EU, and the MIFIDPRU regime, applicable in the UK, while applying a more appropriate capital treatment for investments firms such as the UK entity, Jefferies International Limited, and, its EU subsidiary, Jefferies GmbH, include a requirement that a certain amount of variable remuneration for material risk takers be paid in non-cash instruments and have a deferral element. Consequently, we have adapted our remuneration structures for those employees identified as material risk takers. 13 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. A key focus of the European regulators over the last couple of years has been emerging regulation with regards to Operational Resilience, with regulators expecting investment firms like Jefferies to be able to assess (on an ongoing basis) their resilience (measured by impact to Jefferies’ clients and market) on identified critical business services. This has brought our management of third party risk, business continuity and the mitigation of cyber risk more firmly into focus with the regulators. Significant new legislation and regulation affecting the financial services industry is regularly proposed and sometimes adopted. For example, a legislative proposal was approved, to go live in 2027, to shorten the settlement cycle in the EU, UK, and Switzerland from two days to one (“T+1”) for transactions in transferable securities executed on trading venues. The U.S. and Canada underwent this transition to T+1 in May 2024 and we undertook significant investment and changes to business practices in our U.S. operations to prepare. These legislative and regulatory initiatives affect not only us, but also our competitors and certain of our clients. These changes could have an effect on our revenue and profitability, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, impact the value of assets that we hold, require us to change certain business practices, impose additional costs on us and otherwise adversely affect our business. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that legislation and regulation will not eventually have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In the U.S., such initiatives frequently arise in the aftermath of elections that change the party of the president or the majority party in the House and/or Senate. Increasing regulatory focus on evolving privacy and security issues and expanding laws could impact our businesses and investments and expose us to increased liability. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “EU GDPR” or “GDPR”) applies in all EU Member States and also applies to entities established outside of the EU where such entity processes personal data in relation to: (i) the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA; or (ii) monitoring the behavior of data subjects as far as that behavior takes place in the EEA. Since GDPR became effective in 2018, the global regulatory landscape has shifted considerably and there has been a marked increase in privacy and cybersecurity legislation. Accordingly, we are subject to a broad and evolving array of privacy and cybersecurity regulations across the jurisdictions where we operate. In EMEA, particularly in Switzerland and the Dubai International Financial Centre, privacy laws are broadly modelled on, or derived from, the principles and requirements of the GDPR, with local variations to reflect national legislation and regulatory priorities. Across the Americas, privacy regulation is expanding; for instance, Canada has a federal privacy law, with some provinces also having their own similar laws. Even the Brazilian data privacy regime largely echoes the GDPR. Conversely, in the US there is no single federal law equivalent to the GDPR, but privacy is instead governed by a growing patchwork of both sector-specific privacy laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and state-level data protection laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act. In APAC, privacy regulation is becoming more stringent and increasingly aligned with global standards, particularly the GDPR. Key jurisdictions including Hong Kong, India, Australia, Japan and Singapore, all have national data protection laws and regulators in these jurisdictions have introduced comprehensive requirements around consent, transparency, data subject rights and breach notification, supported by stronger enforcement powers and higher penalties. The UK has implemented GDPR as part of its national law (the “UK GDPR”). The UK GDPR exists alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and its requirements are largely aligned with those under the EU GDPR. The EU GDPR and UK GDPR impose a number of obligations on organizations to which they apply, including, without limitation: accountability and transparency requirements; compliance with the data protection rights of data subjects; and under certain circumstances, the prompt reporting of certain personal data breaches to both the relevant data supervisory authority and impacted individuals. The EU GDPR and UK GDPR also include restrictions on the transfer of personal data from the EEA to jurisdictions that are not recognized as having an adequate level of protection with regards to data protection laws. The continued expansion and development of privacy legislation and regulation will determine the level of any additional resources which we will need to invest to ensure compliance. In the event of non-compliance with privacy laws and regulations, we could face significant administrative and monetary sanctions as well as reputational damage which may have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, and prospects. In Europe and the UK alone, the GDPR imposes significant fines for serious non-compliance of up to the higher of 4% of an organization’s annual worldwide turnover or €20 million (or £17.5 million under the UK GDPR). Data subjects also have a right to receive compensation as a result of infringement of the GDPR for financial or non-financial losses. Extensive regulation of our business limits our activities, and, if we violate these regulations, we may be subject to significant penalties. We are subject to extensive laws, rules and regulations in the countries in which we operate. Firms that engage in providing financial services must comply with the laws, rules and regulations imposed by national and state governments and regulatory and self-regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over such activities. Such laws, rules and regulations cover many aspects of providing financial services. Our regulators supervise our business activities to monitor compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. In addition, if there are instances in which our regulators question our compliance with laws, rules, or regulations, they may investigate the facts and circumstances to determine whether we have complied. At any moment in time, we may be subject to one or more such investigations or similar reviews. At this time, all such investigations and similar reviews are insignificant in scope and immaterial to us. However, there can be no assurance that, in the future, the operations of our businesses will not violate such laws, rules, or regulations, or that such investigations and similar reviews will not result in significant or material adverse regulatory requirements, regulatory enforcement actions, fines or other adverse impact to the operation of our business. Additionally, violations of laws, rules and regulations could subject us to one or more of the following events: civil and criminal liability; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries’ registrations as investment advisors or broker- dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory financial capital holding requirements that could impact various capital allocation decisions or limit the operations of our broker-dealers. November 2025 Form 10-K 14 In particular, compliance with the financial capital holding requirement may restrict our broker-dealers’ ability to engage in capital-intensive activities such as underwriting and trading, and may also limit their ability to make loans, advances, dividends and other payments and may restrict our swap dealer’s ability to execute certain derivative transactions. Additional legislation, changes in rules, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, conflicts and inconsistencies among rules and regulations, or the entering into businesses that subject us to new rules and regulations may directly affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to monitor the impact of new U.S. and international regulation on our businesses. Legal liability may harm our business. Many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of liability, and in the normal course of business, we have been named as a defendant or codefendant in lawsuits involving primarily claims for damages. The risks associated with potential legal liabilities often may be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The expansion of our business, including increases in the number and size of investment banking transactions and our expansion into new areas impose greater risks of liability. Substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial effect or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and our prospects. A change in tax laws in key jurisdictions could materially increase our tax expense. We are subject to tax in the U.S. and numerous international jurisdictions. Changes to income tax laws and regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, or in the interpretation of such laws, or the introduction of new taxes, could significantly increase our effective tax rate and ultimately reduce our cash flow from operating activities and otherwise have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. If our tax filing positions were to be challenged by federal, state and local, or foreign tax jurisdictions, we may not be wholly successful in defending our tax filing positions. We record reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based on our assessment of the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions. Management exercises significant judgment when assessing the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions, and in determining whether a contingent tax liability should be recorded and, if so, estimating the amount. If our tax filing positions are successfully challenged, payments could be required that are in excess of reserved amounts or we may be required to reduce the carrying amount of our net deferred tax asset, either of which result could be significant to our financial condition or results of operations. 