 included in this section. These labels do not correspond to certain
amounts or percentages and are based on an assessment in good faith by the Issuer.

The “Group” refers to KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries from time to time (including KBC Bank NV
and KBC Insurance NV). Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings
ascribed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below. Any reference to any code, law, decree,
regulation, directive or any implementing or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference
to such code, law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same
may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time.

RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP

The overall management responsibility of a financial institution can be defined as managing capital,
liquidity, return (income versus costs) and risks, which in particular arise from the special situation of
banks as risk transformers. Taking risks and transforming risks is an integral part – and, hence, an
inevitable consequence – of the business of a financial institution. Therefore, the Group does not aim to
eliminate all the risks involved (risk avoidance), but instead looks to identify, control and manage these in
order to make optimal use of its available capital (i.e., risk-taking as a means of creating value). This
approach may leave the Group exposed to unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risks.




                                                     12
                                                                                                 Risk Factors

Geopolitical and emerging risks (high risk)

In recent years, geopolitical risks have become increasingly important, due to i.a. the start of the Russia-
Ukraine war in 2022, which sharpened geopolitical tensions and triggered a mix of complex societal,
economic and financial issues, including disruption of trade, energy & commodity supplies, inflation and
higher interest rates. The (indirect) impacts on financial institutions include increased and sustained market
uncertainty, reduced investor confidence, higher credit risk (especially given already elevated public and
private debt levels), and lower growth prospects.

On top of that, the banking turmoil in spring 2023 caused broader market volatility and contagion risks
across the financial system, leading to stricter credit conditions and fears of recession. While the turmoil
has subsided, underlying weaknesses remain, in particular in the US financial sector. Events also provided
a strong warning on the potential of social media to undermine trust and fuel a sudden change in customer
behavior, including by triggering and exacerbating a (digital) bank-run. Trust is the license to operate for
the financial sector, and losing it is easier than gaining trust again.

Until now, the impact on KBC Group of above mentioned events, remained confined.

2024 is expected to be another year of extraordinary geopolitical volatility, which started in the 4th quarter
of 2023 with the conflicts in the Middle East. The development of the Israeli-Palestine conflict (and further
evolution of the tensions between Israel and Iran) and other issues (for example in the Red Sea) might also
escalate into a broader (regional) conflict with larger and more prolonged consequences.

Ongoing tensions between Russia and the NATO, strategic competition between the US and China, anti-
/deglobalization trends and a busy global electoral cycle are expected to continue to fuel geopolitical
tensions as well. Especially the outcome of the US elections in November might have important
repercussions on e.g., the US participation into NATO and the US support towards Ukraine. The
uncertainty we currently experience, might lead to instability and disruption.

KBC Group is aware of these geopolitical risks and executes “what if” sensitivity analysis to inform senior
management about possible adverse scenarios and discuss potential mitigating actions.

Emerging risks are mainly related to the digital transformation (a.o. resulting in more and more intense
cyber risks), climate change and other environmental, social and governance (ESG) challenges that have
an important impact on our banking, insurance and asset management activities. These topics have become
highly regulated and supervised in the meantime (see also below “Legal and Regulatory risks”).

The financial industry is undergoing a major transition, with digital transformation bringing new
opportunities (e.g., the opportunity to embed artificial intelligence (AI), big data analysis and automation
technologies in the Issuers operations to make its interactions with its clients instant, straight-through and
friction-free) and challenges (including in the areas of cyber risk, ethical AI and new digital competitors
& new emerging business models). KBC Group has taken measures to deal with/mitigate these risks in a
actively managed way.

At the same time the financial sector plays a crucial role in the transition to a greener and more sustainable
economy: financial institutions not only need to reflect on their own activities, taking into account all new
regulations, but also have a crucial role in helping their clients to make the transition towards a more
sustainable world and optimise their own energy consumption or carbon footprint. Also within KBC
Group, ESG risk management gets a lot of attention and efforts are made to implement all related
regulatory requirements and to inform the clients about newly created opportunities & to help them to




                                                     13
                                                                                                 Risk Factors

make the transition. Overall, the management of climate related risks is embedded within the entire
organisation and within each risk type whereby most impact is expected on credit and insurance risks.

More information and figures about the Russia-Ukraine conflict and other recent events in relation to the
Issuer can be found in the section “Recent Events” on page 141 of this Base Prospectus.

The Issuer also refers to the annual report and the extended quarterly reports of the Issuer which are
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents
Incorporated by Reference”, and which include the financial reporting for each of the four quarters of the
financial year 2023 and the first quarter of the financial year 2024.

Performance risk (medium risk)

The Issuer, and the financial market as a whole, operate in a rapidly changing environment characterised
by volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity.

       Since the Russian invasion of Ukraine, a reserve for geopolitical and emerging risks has been
        maintained, and a selection of vulnerable portfolios and sub-portfolios have been earmarked for
        increased risk potential. For related figures, including the methodology and development of this
        reserve, we refer to note 3.9 (‘Consolidated financial statements’) of the Issuer’s 2023 annual
        report.

       The geopolitical and emerging risks that have arisen in the course of 2022 continue to limit the
        ability of the credit models to adequately reflect all the consequences of the resulting economic
        conditions. As such, post-model adjustments might need to be recognized in addition to the
        expected credit loss provisions produced by the models.

On top of this, the industry and the Issuer continue to face major macroeconomic, financial and operational
challenges and instability, whereby regulatory and supervisory pressure and uncertainty are rising to
unprecedented levels:

       Although the Group’s net result at the end of FY 2023 increased with 21% compared to 2022
        (please note that IFRS 17 came into force in 2023, resulting in retroactive restatement of 2022
        figures), and while its capital position and liquidity position remained strong throughout the crisis,
        the current geopolitical and emerging risks may continue to have an impact on the profitability
        and performance of the Group.

       Overall the geopolitical tensions and the uncertainties surrounding the timing and extent of central
        banks’ monetary actions lead to more volatility in the markets and in the profits and losses of
        dealing rooms.

       Credits granted in times of high interest rates bear a larger prepayment risk.

       The interest rate environment leads to shifts in deposit flows from current and savings accounts
        to more expensive funding sources such as term deposits.




                                                     14
                                                                                                Risk Factors

       Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing
        field requires a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting
        activities.

       M&A activities as well as change projects in line with the Group’s strategy could also negatively
        impact the performance of the Group if these are not managed and implemented well.

The Issuer is therefore keeping a very close eye on these risks and the impact on the Group and its clients,
both financially and operationally.

Credit risk (medium risk)

Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising
from the non-payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that
party’s insolvency, inability or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by
the political or monetary authorities of a particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses
default risk and country risk, but also includes migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in
credit ratings.

The main source of credit risk is the Group’s loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees that
the Group has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt securities if they
are issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the Group’s loan portfolio
amounted to EUR 203 billion on 31 December 2023. Most counterparties are private individuals (41%)
and corporates (50%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium (55%) or in the Czech Republic (18%).
Impaired loans (i.e., loans where it is unlikely that the full contractual principal and interest will be
repaid/paid) constitute 2% of this portfolio.

A more detailed breakdown of the Group’s loan portfolio, including information on impairments, can be
found on pages 98 and following of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report. More information on impairments
(including impairments linked to geopolitical & emerging risks and coronavirus crisis) can be found in
note 3.9 (“Impairment (income statement)”) of the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer’s 2023
annual report and on page 29 of the Issuer’s extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2024.

The mortgage portfolio of the Group amounts to EUR 75 billion, which is 41% of the Group’s loans and
advances to customers being EUR 184 billion, excluding reverse repos (see note 2.3 of the Issuer’s 2023
annual report).

The main sources of other credit risks in the banking activities of the Group are those stemming from (i)
trading book securities, (ii) counterparty risks under derivatives and (iii) government securities.

More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and
government securities can be found on page 106 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report. The Issuer’s 2023
annual report and extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2024 are incorporated by reference into
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.




                                                    15
                                                                                                    Risk Factors

Operational & compliance risk (medium risk)

The Group is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss resulting from
inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or arising from human errors or sudden man-
made or natural external events that could give rise to material losses in services to customer and to loss
or liability to the Group. Such events may potentially result in financial loss, liability to clients,
administrative fines, penalties and/or reputational damages.

The Group endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls and processes
tailored to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be ineffective in relation
to operational risks to which the Group is exposed.

Since the beginning of 2022, the Issuer has been warned about an increased risk of disruptive cyber-attacks
on critical infrastructure and institutions such as telecoms, energy, financial markets infrastructure, etc.
Following the Russian invasion in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia, the European Union has
faced an increased risk of disruptive, state sponsored cyber-attacks towards critical (financial markets)
infrastructure and institutions. Also, some of the cyber-attacks (e.g., DDoS and password spraying)
targeting KBC Group entities can be attributed to pro-Russian hacker groups, until now, with relatively
limited impact on the targeted entities and their clients. The Issuer as well as the local entities remain
vigilant, with constant monitoring procedures in place.

The nature of the Group’s business inherently generates operational risks. The main operational risks of
the Group are as follows:

       Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of fines or sanctions due to the Group’s failure (or the
        perceived failure) to comply with laws and regulations relating to integrity, and with internal
        policies and codes of conduct reflecting the institution’s own values and codes of conduct in
        relation to the integrity of its activities. This also includes the current or prospective risk of losses
        arising from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including cases of wilful or negligent
        misconduct. Conduct risk covers many “hard” legal aspects, such as informing customers,
        providing the required transparency, avoiding misleading information and forced tying of
        products, selling the right product to the right customer and at the right time, avoiding conflicts of
        interest in doing business, manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to changing financial products
        during their lifetime, automatic provision of products or unfair treatment of customers’
        complaints. There are also softer aspects to include in conduct risk. These are based specifically
        on behaviour and are linked to people, culture and mindset.

       Information security risk: The risks arising from the loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or
        modification, inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information.

       Information Technology (“IT”) risk: The risk associated with the use, ownership, operation,
        involvement and adoption of IT within an enterprise. IT risk consists of IT-related events (such as
        IT unavailability or software malfunctioning) that impact the company and its customers, creating
        challenges in meeting strategic goals and objectives.




                                                      16
                                                                                                     Risk Factors

       Process risk: Risks of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented
        processes and processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal
        (transaction) processing.

       Outsourcing risk and third party risk: Risks stemming from problems regarding the continuity,
        integrity and/or quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether or
        not within a group) or from the equipment or staff made available by these third parties. In view
        of the digital transformation trends, a lot of attention is given to the mitigation of this increasing
        risk.

       Model risk: The risk of losses or the potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions
        based on incorrect or misused model outputs and model reports. A distinction is made between
        model errors and wrong application of the model (e.g. the use of outdated models).

       Fraud risk: Risks of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services by
        one or more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others.

       Legal risk: Risks of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability of the Group to
        protect its intellectual property (IP), the failure to manage (non-)contractual obligations or the
        failure to timely and correctly detect, assess and implement legislation and regulations.

       Business continuity risk: The risk that business activities cannot be continued at an acceptable
        pre-defined level resulting from the lack of a strategic and tactical capability of the Group to plan
        for and respond to serious (business) disruptions, crises or disasters.

       Personal and physical security risk: Risks of losses to physical assets and those arising from acts
        inconsistent with employment, health or safety laws or agreements, from personal injury claims,
        or from diversity / discrimination events.

Market risk in non-trading activities (medium risk)

Market risk is generally defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial
instrument (or portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of market prices
(e.g. interest rates, exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is related to trading (which
can be found in the risk factor entitled “Market risk in trading activities” below) and non-trading activities.
In the latest case, and for banking activities, the notion of interest rate risk is also extended to the potential
negative impact on the generation of Net Interest Income (NII).

In respect of its non-trading activities (comprising the Group’s banking activities, life insurance activities
and other business operations), the Group is primarily exposed to interest rate risk, credit spread risk and
equity price risk:

       Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial
        instrument or portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The value
        of interest bearing positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-versa,
        unless the position contains inherent protection against such decrease, such as a variable or
        floating interest rate mechanism. Over the last years, the notion of interest rate risk for banking



                                                       17
                                                                                                   Risk Factors

        activities has been progressively extended to the impact of interest rate movements on the NII
        generation, which is an important driver supporting the sustainability of banking activities. The
        Group estimates that, as at 31 December 2023, an increase of market interest rates by 10 basis
        points would lead to a decrease in the economic value of the Group’s total portfolio with EUR 33
        million. The sensitivity of NII is measured according to the EBA’s Regulatory Technical
        Standards on IRBB supervisory outlier tests (“SOT”), where the worst-case among two scenarios
        (parallel up and parallel down) on NII is also set off against tier-1 capital. According to this
        measure, the interest rate sensitivity of KBC Group is limited: it came to -1.27% at year-end 2023,
        compared to the 5% outlier threshold used by the supervisory authority.

        The SOT regarding NII complements the supervisory outlier tests for economic value of equity
        (“SOT EVE”). Six different scenarios are applied to the banking books. These scenarios comprise
        material parallel shifts up and down, steepening or flattening of the swap curves or shifts in the
        short-term rates only. The worst-case scenario impact (the most negative impact on the economic
        value of equity) is set off against tier-1 capital. For the banking book at KBC Group level, the
        SOT EVE came to -3.91% of tier-1 capital at year-end 2023. This is well below the -15%
        threshold, which is monitored by the ECB.

       Credit spread risk is the risk arising from changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads.
        The value of the Group’s positions will decrease when credit spread increases, and vice-versa.
        This is mainly relevant for the Group’s portfolio of sovereign and non-sovereign bonds. As at
        31 December 2023, the total carrying value (i.e., the amount at which an asset or liability is
        recognised in the Group’s accounts) of the Group’s sovereign and non-sovereign bond portfolio
        combined was EUR 71 billion. The Group estimates that an increase in credit spread of 100 basis
        points across the entire curve would lead to a negative economic impact of EUR 3.1 billion on the
        value of both portfolios combined.

Equity risk is the risk arising from changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The total value
of the Group’s equity portfolio as at 31 December 2023 was EUR 1.6 billion, mainly at KBC Insurance
NV.

More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities generally, and interest rate risk, credit
spread risk and equity risk specifically, can be found on pages 109 to 116 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual
report.

Legal and regulatory risk (medium risk)

The Group’s business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the
jurisdictions in which it operates.

Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as KBC Bank NV,
or insurance undertakings, such as KBC Insurance NV, may adversely impact the Group, its business,
financial condition or results of operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and
legislative developments, such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital
adequacy rules, recovery and resolution mechanisms, is set out in the sections entitled “Banking
supervision and regulation” and “Insurance supervision and regulation” as from page 127 and 137,
respectively, of this Base Prospectus.



                                                      18
                                                                                                    Risk Factors

Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny and short implementation timelines
applied by governments and regulators to enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose further
charges on the financial services industry in recent years. Such increased scrutiny or charges may require
the Group to take additional measures which, in turn, may have adverse effects on its business, financial
condition and results of operations. Implementation of related regulation and supervisory guidance can
result in a crowding out-effect on the Group’s business and strategic transformation and might drive up
the capital and liquidity requirements. Not complying with increasingly complex regulation is punished
with heavy supervisory measures (on capital) and possible fines, which are recently more often used by
the supervisory authorities. Regulatory complexity is further increased by the fact that regulatory
frameworks are not always aligned (banking vs insurance, ECB vs SRB, national vs European regulation).

Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks remain high on the agenda of the regulators leading
to a number of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. These have to be gradually implemented
in the coming years with the main focus on strategy, governance, risk management and internal & external
reporting. The Group is taking the necessary actions to implement and to be compliant with all new
regulation. The disclosures’ requirements towards market participants, investors and society in general
will further increase (substantially) in the coming years: i.e. based upon the disclosures, financial
institutions and the Group in particular will be judged on how well they adapt to climate change and other
ESG related aspects. To deliver the required data quality on ESG is an important challenge not only for
KBC but for the entire financial sector.

As operational resilience is a focus point of regulators, this will have a significant impact on the years
ahead: the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) is an example in this respect. The ECB is engaging
with institutions to ensure that operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed, and mitigated.
Within the Group, key building blocks (such as business continuity management, cyber security and
outsourcing risk management) are in place but further improvements are needed to fully comply with the
regulation. .

Liquidity risk (low risk)

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its liabilities and obligations as they come
due, without incurring higher-than-expected costs.

CRD IV requires the Group to meet targets set for the Basel III liquidity related ratios, i.e., (i) the liquidity
coverage ratio (“LCR”) which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets
to withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario and (ii) the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) which is
calculated as the ratio of an institution’s amount of available stable funding to its amount of required stable
funding. Any failure of the Group to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or
sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action.

Please also refer to the section entitled “Liquidity risk” on pages 124 to 126 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual
report. The Issuer’s 2023 annual report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in
the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.




                                                       19
                                                                                                 Risk Factors

Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and day-to-day
liquidity risk:

       Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group may not be able to attract
        additional funds or replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This risk,
        assessed on the basis of liquidity stress tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of a bank
        under extreme stressed scenarios.

       Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group’s long-term assets and liabilities
        might not be (re)financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-than-expected cost. Typical
        for banking operations, funding sources generally have a shorter maturity than the assets that are
        funded, leading to a negative net liquidity gap in the shorter time buckets and a positive net
        liquidity gap in the longer-term buckets. This creates liquidity risk if the Group would be unable
        to renew maturing short-term funding.

       Day-to-day liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group’s operational liquidity management
        cannot ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme liquidity events
        in which no wholesale funding can be rolled over.

Notwithstanding the changes in central bank policies and increased market volatility, the Issuer continues
to operate with a strong funding and liquidity position thanks to its loyal customer base. But in view of
rapidly changing market circumstances and increased mobility of funding sources (because of
digitalisation and social media), the liquidity positions can rapidly deteriorate.

Market risk in trading activities (low risk)

The Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in Belgium, the Czech
Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the United Kingdom and
Asia. Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the Group’s foreign entities are
systematically transferred to KBC Bank NV, reflecting that the Group’s trading activity is managed
centrally both from a business and a risk management perspective. Consequently, KBC Bank NV holds
about 98% of the trading-book-related regulatory capital of the Issuer.

Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk (“HVaR”)
method, which is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to market
risk over a defined holding period. The Group uses the historical simulation method, based on patterns of
experience over the previous two years. The Group’s HVaR estimate, calculated on the basis of a one-day
holding period, was EUR 8 million as at 31 December 2023, and varied between EUR 4 million and EUR
10 million during the financial year of 2023.

Technical insurance risk (low risk)

KBC Insurance NV, a subsidiary of the Issuer, is confronted with risks related to economic (such as lapse
rates, expenses) and non-economic (such as mortality, longevity, disability) parameters in the life
insurance business and catastrophe and non-catastrophe risks in the non-life insurance business. In order
to manage these risks, KBC Insurance NV strives for a balanced spread of life, non-life and health
insurance (and its related lines of business, such as insurance with profit-sharing, unit-linked insurance,



                                                     20
                                                                                                Risk Factors

fire insurance, motor insurance and workers’ compensation insurance) over the different insurance
branches in its portfolio. Furthermore, the underwritten risks are mostly reinsured under reinsurance
contracts.

Technical insurance risks stem from uncertainty regarding the frequency and severity of insured losses.
Changes in the frequency of the underlying risk factors may affect the level of liabilities of KBC
Insurance NV and its realised technical income, which may have an adverse impact on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

Please also refer to the section entitled “Technical insurance risk” on pages 127 to 131 of the Issuer’s 2023
annual report. The Issuer’s 2023 annual report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as
set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.

Credit ratings (low risk)

The credit ratings of the Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading counterparties.
Please also refer to the section entitled “Credit ratings” on pages 117 and 118 of this Base Prospectus for
an overview of the Group’s current credit ratings.

Any failure by the Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the competitive position of
the Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult and increase borrowing costs or limit
access to the capital markets or the ability of the Group to engage in funding transactions. In connection
with certain trading agreements, the Group might also be required, if its current ratings are not maintained,
to provide additional collateral.

Capital adequacy (low risk)

As a bank-insurance group, the Group and certain Group entities are currently subject to the capital
requirements and capital adequacy ratios imposed by Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”) and certain
Group entities are currently subject to the capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios imposed by
Directive 2009/138/EC (“Solvency II”).

The requirements of CRD IV include a capital conservation buffer and, in certain circumstances, a
systemic buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the minimum requirements. These
additional requirements have an impact on the Group and its operations, as they impose higher capital
requirements. In addition, capital requirements will increase if economic conditions or trends in the
financial markets worsen and, as such, capital increases may be difficult to achieve or only be raised at
high costs in the context of adverse market circumstances. The Basel III post-crisis reforms (commonly
referred to as Basel IV) will apply when these are transposed into the Capital Requirements Regulation
(CRR). The Basel IV impact on Risk-Weighted Assets (“RWA”) will be phased in.

Banks are also subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended (the “BRRD”), as implemented in the
Belgian Banking Law, which imposes a.o. minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities
(“MREL”): Banks need to hold a certain amount of MREL instruments vs. their RWA (MREL in % of
RWA) and vs. the size of their balance sheet (MREL in % of leverage ratio exposure). The nominal amount
of required MREL instruments therefore fluctuates with changes in RWA or leverage ratio exposure, or
because resolution authorities impose different MREL targets on institutions. Finally, MREL instruments




                                                     21
                                                                                                  Risk Factors

have a maturity date. This all implies that banks have a continuous need to issue MREL instruments in
order to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements in this respect.

Solvency II includes requirements for the in-scope insurance entities of the Group to keep adequate capital
buffers (eligible own funds) to absorb the impact of adverse circumstances including (but not limited to)
deteriorated market conditions, counterparty defaults and specific risks linked to insurance policies).
Distinction is made between the Solvency Capital Requirement (“SCR”) and the Minimum Capital
Requirement (“MCR”), which are both calculated on a quarterly basis. If the SCR exceeds the eligible
own funds, this is an early warning indicator to the supervisory authority and insurance company to better
manage the risks. If the MCR exceeds the eligible own funds, this means the insurance company is
technically insolvent.

In the event that the capital position of KBC Insurance NV would decrease below the capital requirements
stipulated in Solvency II, KBC Insurance NV could raise additional capital, e.g. by way of a capital
increase, to which the Issuer would subscribe.

Please refer to the section entitled “Banking supervision and regulation” as from page 127 of this Base
Prospectus in which a broader overview of the capital adequacy requirements is provided.

RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES

Risks relating to the Conditions

Unless expressly specified otherwise, the risk factors set out in this section “Risks relating to the
Conditions” apply in respect of all types of Notes to be issued under the Programme, including, for the
avoidance of doubt, Green Bonds and Social Bonds (as defined below).

Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or fails.

Noteholders may lose their investment in case the Issuer were to become non-viable or fail. In such
circumstances, resolution authorities may require Subordinated Tier 2 Notes to be written down or
converted and Senior Notes to be bailed-in pursuant to BRRD.

In addition to the write-down and conversion powers of eligible liabilities mentioned below, the BRRD
and the Belgian Banking Law contain four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that a relevant entity meets the conditions
for resolution specified in Article 244 §1 of the Belgian Banking Law, i.e. (a) a relevant entity is failing
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would
prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is
required in the public interest. The four resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business – which enables
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on
commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the
business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or
partially under public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment
obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem
assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view
to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with




                                                      22
                                                                                                    Risk Factors

another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down
certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the
reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Senior Notes) to
equity or other instruments of ownership (the “bail-in power”), which equity or other instruments could
also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.

For the avoidance of doubt, the classification of Notes as Green Bonds or Social Bonds does not affect
their status in terms of subordination, loss absorbing capacity and regulatory classification as own funds
or eligible liabilities instruments as further described below, and the resolution tools, write-down
mechanisms and bail-in powers apply equally to all Notes having the same status (i.e., Senior Notes or
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes), regardless of whether or not they are issued as Green Bonds or Social Bonds.
Please refer in this respect to the risk factor entitled “Risks related to bail-in and resolutions measures”
below.

Write-down / conversion of tier 2 capital instruments, including Subordinated Tier 2 Notes.

The BRRD requires the Resolution Authority to write down the principal amount of tier 2 capital
instruments (including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or to convert such principal amount into common
equity tier 1 of the Issuer so as to ensure that the regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated
Tier 2 Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. Accordingly, the
Resolution Authority shall be required to write down or convert such capital instruments (including the
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) immediately before taking any resolution action, together with such resolution
action or independently from any resolution action, if the Issuer were deemed to have reached the point of
non-viability or were to benefit from public support.

An institution will be deemed to be no longer viable if (i) it is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no
reasonable prospect that a private action would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe.

The resolution authorities have to exercise the write down and conversion powers in accordance with the
priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings, in a way that results in (i) common equity tier 1
instruments of the Issuer are reduced first in proportion to the losses and to the extent of their capacity;
(ii) second the principal amount of additional tier one instruments is written down or converted into
common equity tier 1 instruments or both, to the extent required or to the extent of the capacity of the
relevant capital instruments; (iii) thereafter, to the extent required, the principal amount of tier 2 capital
instruments (including Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) is written down (in principle on a permanent basis),
converted into common equity tier 1, or a combination of the above.

More specifically, article 267/8, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law provides the order in which eligible
liabilities should be converted or written down in case the Resolution Authority decides to apply the bail-
in tool. Tier 2 capital instruments of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) will only be
converted or written down following conversion or write-down of the tier 1 capital instruments of the
Issuer, but before all subordinated debt and other eligible liabilities of the Issuer that are not tier 1 or tier
2 capital instruments of the Issuer at the time of resolution.

In circumstances of financial distress (whether related to the economy or markets generally or events
specific to the Group), there may be uncertainty as to the likelihood that resolution authorities could in the
future decide to write down or convert Subordinated Tier 2 Notes into tier 1 instruments. Due to the



                                                       23
                                                                                                    Risk Factors

uncertainty as to whether any such write down or conversion could occur, the trading price of the
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes could drop significantly.

Any indication that the Issuer’s securities may run the risk of being required to absorb losses in the future
is likely to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. Under such
circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Subordinated Tier 2 Notes at prices comparable to
the prices of more conventional investments or at all.

Furthermore, the Resolution Authority has the power to suspend any payment or delivery obligation
arising from a contract to which a credit institution is a party when the conditions set out in Article 244/2
of the Belgian Banking Law are met.

Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including Senior Notes.

Holders of Senior Notes are at risk of losing some or all of their investment (including outstanding
principal and accrued but unpaid interest) upon exercise by the Resolution Authority of the “bail-in”
resolution tool in circumstances where the Issuer is no longer viable. An institution will be deemed to be
no longer viable if (i) it is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that a private
action would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe.

The Resolution Authority has the power to bail-in (i.e., write down, cancel or convert) senior debt such as
the Senior Notes, after having written down or converted tier 1 capital instruments, tier 2 capital
instruments (such as the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) and subordinated debt which is not tier 1 or tier 2
capital.

The bail-in power enables the Resolution Authority to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating losses
to its shareholders and unsecured creditors (including holders of Senior Notes) in a manner which is
consistent with the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of the relevant financial institution. The BRRD
contains certain safeguards which provide that shareholders and creditors that are subject to any write
down or conversion should in principle not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the
relevant financial institution been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings (‘no creditor worse off’
principle).

Importantly, certain liabilities of credit institutions will be excluded from the scope of the “eligible
liabilities” and therefore not subject to bail-in. These include covered deposits, secured liabilities
(including covered bonds) as well as certain debt with maturities of less than seven days and certain other
liabilities. Certain other liabilities (including the Senior Notes) will be deemed “eligible liabilities” subject
to the statutory bail-in powers.

BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit institutions as
a last resort and provided that a minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written
down, converted or bailed in. Moreover, the resolution authorities will be entitled to first bail-in senior
debt issued at the level of the Issuer (including the Senior Notes) before writing down or bailing in any
tier 1, tier 2 capital instruments or senior debt issued at the level of KBC Bank NV.




                                                       24
                                                                                                  Risk Factors

Impact of loss absorption

The determination that all or part of the principal amount of any series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and
Senior Notes are subject to loss absorption (i.e., conversion or write-down) is likely to be inherently
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Group’s control. This
determination will also be made by the Resolution Authority and there may be many factors, including
factors not directly related to the Group, which could result in such a determination. Because of this
inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any resolution tool may
occur.

Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and potentially Senior Notes
is not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities.
Potential investors in the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and the Senior Notes should consider the risk that a
Noteholder may lose all of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid
interest, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon or that the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or
the Senior Notes may be converted into ordinary shares. Noteholders may have limited rights or no rights
to challenge any decision to exercise such powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or
administrative process or otherwise.

Please also refer to the section “The strategy of the Group” on page 118 of this Base Prospectus for more
information.

As the Issuer is a holding company, the holders of Notes will be structurally subordinated to other
creditors who hold debt instruments at the level of one or more of the subsidiaries of the Issuer.

The Issuer is the financial holding company of the Group and has two important subsidiaries, KBC Bank
NV and KBC Insurance NV. The main sources of operating funds for the Issuer are the dividends,
distributions, interest payments and any advances it receives from its subsidiaries and the amounts raised
through the issuance of debt instruments such as the Notes. The ability of the subsidiaries to make dividend
and other payments to the Issuer may depend on their profitability and may be subject to certain legal or
contractual restrictions. The extent to which the Issuer is able to receive such payments will, in turn, affect
its ability to make payments on the Notes and any other debt instruments of the Issuer, which, in addition,
may rank senior to the Notes. The Notes do not benefit from any guarantee from any of the subsidiaries.

In addition, when the Notes are issued as “Green Bonds” or “Social Bonds”, the Issuer will on-lend the
net proceeds of the Green Bonds or Social Bonds in order for KBC Bank NV to finance and/or refinance
the relevant Green Bond Eligible Assets or Social Bond Eligible Assets. The Issuer may also on-lend
proceeds of Notes that are not issued as “Green Bonds” or “Social Bonds” to KBC Bank NV on a senior
preferred, senior non-preferred (within the meaning of article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law) or
subordinated (tier 2) basis. The extent to which the Issuer is able to receive payment of interest and
principal under these internal loans to KBC Bank NV will in turn affects its ability to make payment under
the Notes and any other debt instruments of the Issuer, which, in addition, may rank senior to the Notes.

Moreover, the holders of Notes will be structurally subordinated to other creditors who hold debt
instruments at the level of one or more of the subsidiaries of the Issuer, including, without limitation, the
contingent Tier 2 capital notes issued by KBC Bank NV. The subsidiaries of the Issuer generally hold
more operational assets than the Issuer. If the assets of the Issuer’s subsidiaries were to be realised, it is



                                                      25
                                                                                                   Risk Factors

possible that, after such realisation, insufficient assets would remain available for distribution to the Issuer
in order to enable it to fulfil any payment obligations under the Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor
entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or fails”
on pages 22 to 26 of this Base Prospectus.

The Notes are subject to early redemption by the Issuer, subject to certain conditions.

The Issuer may have an optional redemption right, in its sole and full discretion, in the circumstances and
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),
Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital
Disqualification Event), Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and Condition 4(e)
(Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event).

The Issuer’s ability to redeem the Notes at its option may affect the market value of the Notes. In particular,
during any period when the Issuer has the right to elect to redeem the Notes or the market anticipates that
redemption might occur, such as when the Issuer’s cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the
Notes, the market value of the Notes generally would not be expected to rise substantially above the
redemption price.

If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes
may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the
Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which case Noteholders may only be able
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield.

The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing additional debt.

There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue, which may rank pari passu with
or, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, senior to the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities
may reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon an insolvency of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s financial
condition were to deteriorate, the holders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences,
including suspension of interest and reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated
(whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the holders could suffer loss of their entire investment.

In certain instances the Noteholders may be bound by certain amendments to the Conditions to which
they did not consent, which may result in less favourable terms of the Notes.

Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on Meetings of
Noteholders) to the Conditions contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters affecting their
interests generally, including modifications to the Conditions. These provisions permit defined majorities
to bind all holders, including holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who
voted in a manner contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written
resolution or provide their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution.

Further, Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) provides that the Issuer may, without
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, make such amendments to the Conditions or the Agency
Agreement which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or made to correct a manifest error or comply




                                                      26
                                                                                                Risk Factors

with mandatory provisions of law or such amendments to the Agency Agreement which are not prejudicial
to the interests of the holders (except those changes in respect of which an increased quorum is required).

In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(l) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain
changes may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Floating Rate Notes and the
Fixed Rate Reset Notes, as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out
in such Condition, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor
entitled “Risks related to certain Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”” on pages 31 to 34 of the Base
Prospectus.

Finally, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be entitled to
substitute and/or vary the terms of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence and continuation of a Loss
Absorption Disqualification Event (in accordance with Condition 7 (Senior Notes – Substitution or
Variation following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event)) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in
accordance with Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital
Disqualification Event)), as applicable, so as to ensure that they remain or become Eligible Liabilities
Instruments or Qualifying Securities, as applicable. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled
“Substitution or variation of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification
Event” and “Substitution or variation of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital
Disqualification Event” starting on page 28 and 30, respectively, of the Base Prospectus.

Accordingly, there is a risk that the Conditions may be modified, waived or varied in circumstances where
a holder does not agree to such modification, waiver or variation, which may adversely impact the rights
of such holder. Such decisions may for example relate to a reduction of the amount to be paid by the Issuer
upon redemption of the Notes, which would then impact the return an investor may receive on its Notes.

Changes in law or the application, interpretation or administrative practice may affect the rights of
Noteholders.

As set out in Condition 18 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction), the Conditions are governed by, and
construed in accordance with, Belgian law as is in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Any change
in law or in the official application, interpretation or administrative practice after the date of this Base
Prospectus may affect the enforceability of the Noteholders’ rights under the Conditions or render the
exercise of such rights more difficult and, hence, materially adversely impact the value of any Notes
affected by it. This may for example relate to the implementation of statutory resolution and loss-
absorption tools. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses
in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or fails” on pages 22 to 26 of this Base Prospectus.

There are no rights of set-off for Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and potentially Senior Notes

No holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note may exercise or claim any right of set-off, compensation,
retention or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with
such Note, and each such Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such
Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, retention or netting. The same
will be the case for holders of Senior Notes when the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes
specify that this Condition 2(a)(ii) applies.




                                                     27
                                                                                                   Risk Factors

Risks relating to particular Notes

Risks related to Senior Notes.

Substitution or variation of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event.

Pursuant to Condition 7 (Senior Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Loss Absorption
Disqualification Event), the Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes
that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Variation or Substitution is applicable. A Loss Absorption
Disqualification Event Variation or Substitution would, if selected in the applicable Final Terms, allow
the Issuer in circumstances where a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), to elect either to (i) substitute
all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Notes or (ii) vary the terms of all (but not some only) of
such Series of Senior Notes, so that they become or remain Eligible Liabilities Instruments, subject to, and
to the extent required at such date, the prior written approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the
Resolution Authority.

Eligible Liabilities Instruments are securities issued by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms not materially
less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Senior Notes as reasonably determined
by the Issuer (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect to the Agent), except
in circumstances where the substitution or variation is in order to ensure the effectiveness and
enforceability of Condition 18(c). Where the Issuer has determined that the terms of Eligible Liabilities
Instruments to be issued are not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class, it is possible that
these will not be as favourable to a particular Noteholder, given such Noteholder’s individual
circumstances. If any substitution or variation of any Notes were to be effected in order to address any
actual or perceived ineffectiveness of Condition 18(c) regarding the Bail-in Power, such substitution or
variation might not be viewed by the market as being equally favorable to Noteholders. In circumstances
where the applicable Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes specify that Loss Absorption Disqualification
Event Variation or Substitution is applicable, the Senior Notes are intended to qualify in full towards the
Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for (i) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (ii) loss
absorbing capacity instruments under the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations. Given the current status
and evolving nature of the legislation on this topic and the interpretation thereof, there is, nevertheless,
uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations. It is therefore
possible that the Senior Notes will not be or will not remain eligible instruments for MREL

The Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms that no events of default for Senior Notes apply
allowing acceleration of payment, other than in a dissolution or liquidation.

Condition 10 (Senior Notes – Events of Default and Enforcement) provides that the Issuer has the option
to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes that no events of default will apply allowing for
acceleration of the Senior Notes if certain events occur. In such case, the Noteholders will not be able to
accelerate the maturity of such Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the
Senior Notes (including any failure to pay interest when due), investors will not have the right to accelerate
payment of principal (other than in the event of the Issuer’s dissolution or liquidation). Upon a payment
default, the sole remedy available to holders of Senior Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of
any payment of principal or interest on the Senior Notes will be the institution of dissolution or liquidation
proceedings to the extent permitted under Belgian law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not,



                                                      28
                                                                                                   Risk Factors

by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the
same would otherwise have been payable by it.

Potential conflicts of interest specific to Senior Notes

Potential investors should be aware that the issuance of Senior Notes enhances the loss absorption capacity
of the Issuer. The Issuer is the parent of KBC Bank NV, which is expected to act as Dealer in connection
with the issue and placement of certain issues of Senior Notes. Therefore, if at any given time the Issuer
would face problems with regard to its loss absorption capacity, which may for instance be caused by
financial problems at the level of KBC Bank NV, the Issuer and KBC Bank NV will act in their own best
interest and will not be obliged to protect the interests of the holders of the Senior Notes.

Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, the Issuer may decide to
redeem Senior Notes early or proceed with a variation thereof in accordance with Condition 7 (Senior
Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), to the extent
specified as applicable in the applicable final terms. In determining its course of action in such
circumstances, the Issuer will take its own best interest into account, without being obliged to protect the
interests of the holders of the Senior Notes.

Risks related to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes.

The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated obligations.

Condition 2(b) (Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) states that the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall, in the event of a
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of
the Issuer or the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer), be subordinated
in right of payment to the claims of Senior Creditors of the Issuer.

Therefore, if the Issuer were to be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator would first apply assets
of the Issuer to satisfy all rights and claims of such Senior Creditors. If the Issuer does not have sufficient
assets to settle such claims in full, the claims of the holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will not be met
and, as a result, the holders will lose the entire amount of their investment in the Subordinated Tier 2
Notes. The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will share equally in payment with other pari passu claims. If the
Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full payments on all of them, holders could lose all or part
of their investment.

The Issuer may issue other obligations that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Tier
2 Notes or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Tier 2
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the
event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors and
other unsubordinated creditors and (ii) subject as described in the paragraph that follows, its other
subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to
rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) in full before it can make any payments




                                                      29
                                                                                                       Risk Factors

on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after
these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes.

According to Article 48(7) of the BRRD (as transposed into Belgian law by an amendment to Article
389/1 of the Belgian Banking Law), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds
instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) shall rank
junior to all other liabilities. This entails that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no
longer at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior
to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, in the event of a
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors
of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully or partially recognised as an own
funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR, and which could include some series of Subordinated
Tier 2 Notes if they are no longer so recognised) in full before it can make any payments on the
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which continue to be at least partially recognised as own fund instruments at
the time of the opening of the liquidation or bankruptcy procedure.

In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets
remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, payments relating
to holders of other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari
passu with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of
the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

No events of default apply to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes allowing acceleration of payment. Acceleration
of payment will only be possible in the case of dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer.

The Conditions of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes do not provide for events of default allowing for
acceleration of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to
meet any obligations under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors
will not have the right to accelerate payment of principal, which shall only be due in the event of the
Issuer’s dissolution or liquidation. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest
on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will be the institution of dissolution or liquidation proceedings to the
extent permitted under Belgian law in order to enforce such payment.

Holders should further be aware that, in or prior to any such dissolution or liquidation scenario, the
Resolution Authority could decide to write down the principal amount of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes
to zero or convert such principal amount into equity or tier 1 instruments. Please also refer to the risk
factor entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable
or fails” on pages 22 to 26 of this Base Prospectus.

Substitution or variation of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification
Event

Pursuant to Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital
Disqualification Event), the Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Subordinated
Tier 2 Notes that a Capital Disqualification Event Variation is applicable. A Capital Disqualification Event



                                                        30
                                                                                                   Risk Factors

will apply if, as a result of a change to the regulatory classification, the Issuer would no longer be able to
count the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes wholly or in part towards its tier 2 capital. A Capital Disqualification
Event Variation would entitle the Issuer in such circumstances to vary the terms of such Subordinated Tier
2 Notes (subject to certain conditions) in order to ensure that they remain or become Qualifying Securities
(i.e., qualify again as tier 2 capital of the Issuer) or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability
of Condition 18(c). Importantly, the Issuer would in such circumstances be entitled to substitute or vary,
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation
following a Capital Disqualification Event), the terms of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes without the
consent of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. The Issuer would treat the investors as a class and
the individual position of the Noteholders may be prejudiced, despite the conditions set out in Condition 6
(Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital Disqualification Event).

Potential conflicts of interest specific to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes

Potential investors should be aware that the reason for issuing the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes is to raise
tier 2 capital which enhances the loss absorption capacity for the Issuer. The Issuer is the parent of KBC
Bank NV, which is expected to act as Dealer in connection with the issue and placement of certain issues
of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. Therefore, if at any given time the Issuer would face problems with regard
to its regulatory capital, which may for instance be caused by financial problems at the level of KBC Bank
NV, the Issuer and KBC Bank NV will act in their own best interest and will not be obliged to protect the
interests of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes.

Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer may decide to redeem
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes early or proceed with a variation thereof in accordance with Condition 6
(Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital Disqualification Event). In
determining its course of action in such circumstances, the Issuer will take its own best interest into
account, without being obliged to protect the interests of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes.

Risks related to certain Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”.

Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate
(“EURIBOR”) , which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value
of such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and
changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause
a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, to be discontinued, or have other
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its
discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such
Benchmark.

Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or
recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the



                                                      31
                                                                                                Risk Factors

EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or,
if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things,
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level
of the relevant benchmark.

More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting
of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

The Working Group on Euro Risk-Free Rates (the “EUR RFR WG") has published a set of guiding
principles and high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro-
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate,
amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the EUR RFR WG
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates (the “May 2021
Recommendations”). On 4 May 2023, the EUR RFR WG published guidance for corporate lending
products for implementing the May 2021 Recommendations in which it reiterated the importance of the
adoption of EURIBOR fallback rates and trigger events in new and refinanced euro denominated corporate
lending products in order to avoid operational and market disruption risks. On 4 December 2023, the EUR
RFR WG announced that it had accomplished its mission and that the group had been discontinued as of
13 November 2023. In a final statement, published on 4 December 2023, ESMA (in its capacity as
secretariat of the EUR RFR WG) summarises the key achievements of the EUR RFR WG, such as the
identification of €STR as risk-free rate for the euro area and the definition of EURIBOR fallback
provisions for each asset class. ESMA also encourages industry participants to ensure that all financial
products referencing EURIBOR embed robust fallback provisions.

The above-mentioned factors may (without limitation) have the following effects on certain Benchmarks:
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii)
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark or (iii) leading to the
disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result
of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse
effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing, linked to or otherwise dependent (in whole or
in part) upon a Benchmark.

Any changes to the administration of a Benchmark or the emergence of alternatives to a Benchmark as a
result of these reforms, may cause such Benchmark to perform differently than in the past or to be
discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential
discontinuation of a Benchmark or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which
the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark.
Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark may
adversely affect such Benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes




                                                    32
                                                                                                Risk Factors

and the trading market for securities based on the same Benchmark. The development of alternatives to a
Benchmark may result in Notes linked to or referencing such Benchmark performing differently than
would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives to such Benchmark had not developed. Any such
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes referencing or
linked to a Benchmark.

Condition 3(l) (Benchmark replacement) provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a
Benchmark Event occurs, for example where a published Benchmark (including any page on which such
Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. The Benchmark Events
also include the situation where the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as
applicable) announces that the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as
applicable) has materially changed. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may, after appointing and
consulting with an Independent Adviser, determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to be
used in place of the relevant Benchmark where that relevant Benchmark has been selected as the Reference
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any such Successor
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may result in Notes linked to or
referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest)
than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form.

Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate for the relevant Benchmark is determined
by the Issuer, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary, to ensure the
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for
consent or approval of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk f