 and uncertainties have been reviewed as part of our full year procedures. We have introduced a new
technology resilience risk to reflect the importance of developing and maintaining resilient systems. We have also merged risks relating
to changing customer expectations and competitor behaviour into a single market landscape risk.

Further details of the Group’s risks and risk management process can be found on pages 43 to 48.




                                                                                   Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts          37
 Strategic                                           Financial                  Other
 Report                    Governance                Statements                 Information




Trading review by division
Note: all commentary below is in constant currency.

UK & Ireland
                                                                                                                                   % Constant
                                                                                                                 % Reported         Currency             % LFL
£m                                                                              2025/26           2024/25           Change            Change            Change

B&Q                                                                               3,971            3,820             +4.0%             +3.9%             +3.3%
Screwfix                                                                         2,755             2,636             +4.5%             +4.5%             +3.2%
Total sales                                                                       6,726            6,456            +4.2%              +4.1%            +3.3%
Retail profit                                                                       575              558             +3.0%            +2.9%
Retail profit margin %                                                            8.5%              8.6%           (10)bps

Market
The home improvement market was flat on a full year basis, aided by favourable weather in H1 driving strong demand for seasonal products.

B&Q
Total sales +3.9% to £3,971m. LFL +3.3% driven by volume, progress in trade and digital, customer transference from the closure
of Homebase stores and strong seasonal performance in Q1. Core +1.6% led by tools and paint. Big ticket +6.2% driven by the
successful introduction of new kitchen ranges, supported by strong growth in Installations of +22%. Seasonal +6.5%, driven by strong
performance of outdoor categories in Q1, helped by favourable weather and successful capture of Homebase transference.

Market share gains driven by progress in our strategic initiatives, big-ticket innovation, successful capturing of transference from
the Homebase store closures and opening of eight former Homebase stores. E-commerce sales +21.5%, with penetration of 16.7% (FY
24/25: 14.6%) and strong performance across 1P and 3P. Marketplace GMV1 grew +44.3% to £445m with a retail profit contribution2 of
c.£15m. In addition to its 15-minute Click & Collect (C&C) for 1P orders, B&Q successfully rolled out the UK’s first marketplace C&C
service for 3P products across 300 stores. We have strengthened store-to-home fulfilment capabilities by expanding our Deliveroo
partnership to more B&Q stores. B&Q‘s AI powered product recommendation and personalisation engines generated c.10% of
e-commerce sales. Hello B&Q, a new digital virtual AI assistant that provides customers with tailored advice and product
recommendations, launched in Q4. B&Q also launched Lens, our visual search technology, in its app, with Lens users nearly twice as
likely as website users to convert product views into purchases.

TradePoint
TradePoint sales grew to £935m +5.2%, accounting for 23.5% of B&Q total sales (FY 24/25: 23.3%). TradePoint expanded to 224 B&Q
stores, representing 70% of the total estate (FY 24/25: 217). 123 trade sales partners are in role (FY 24/25: 44), supporting strong trade
sales performance. We expanded the direct-to-site offer, enabling trade customers to access products beyond our in-store range and
improving conversion of inbound enquiries into orders. Our partnership with Speedy Hire provides trade customers with access to
heavy machinery and tools in store and via our digital channels. Trade credit solutions are live with up to 60 days of interest-free credit.

E-commerce at TradePoint saw strong growth of +12%, particularly in C&C driving store footfall. App downloads were 3 times higher in
the current year, with app sales now accounting for 28% of TradePoint’s online sales and stronger sales conversion rates versus the website.

Space growth contributed +0.6%. B&Q rapidly converted eight acquired Homebase stores in early 2025. Its 12 Compact stores continue
to show encouraging performance, with growth in new customers and C&C penetration running at c.3x that of the rest of the estate.
TradePoint announced its first standalone store to be opened in London in Q1 2026, targeting trade customers working in dense
urban areas.

Screwfix
Total sales were up +4.5% to £2.755m. LFL +3.2% driven by strong volume growth and supported by range expansion, growing app
usage and a new loyalty programme. Core categories (c.85% of the total) grew +3.2%. Performance was broad-based across safety &
workwear, sealants & adhesives, power tools & accessories, electrical and plumbing.

There were strong market share gains across categories as Screwfix reaches new customers and continues to enhance its customer
proposition. Trade credit solutions are live with up to 60 days of interest-free credit. Screwfix launched a new rewards programme
through its app, with strong early engagement leading to a +13% increase in active rewards customers to 2.2m, supported by gamified
campaigns, personalised offers and surprise perks.

E-commerce sales increased +5.2%, bringing e-commerce sales penetration to 59.4% (FY 24/25: 58.2%). App sales grew by +14%
and now account for over 41% of e-commerce sales (FY 24/25: 38%), helped by improved offering and personalised rewards,
a visual search engine Lens, streamlined collection via Check-In, and rapid delivery. We have strengthened our store-to-home
fulfilment capabilities by expanding our Deliveroo partnership to more Screwfix stores, complementing Screwfix’s Sprint proposition,
with deliveries in as little as 20 minutes to 60% of the UK postcodes.
1. Marketplace GMV is the total transaction value (including VAT) from the sale of products supplied by third-party e-commerce marketplace vendors. What is
   recorded in revenue is the commission take rate which is c.10-15% of GMV.
2. Marketplace retail contribution includes only directly attributable run costs.


38    Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts
Space growth contributed +1.3% to total Screwfix sales with 27 net store openings. This included 13 new ultra-compact City stores,
bringing the total to 39, as our convenient locations better target professionals serving high density areas. We see potential for up
to 100 City stores over time and remain on track to reach the medium-term goal of over 1,000 Screwfix stores.

UK & Ireland Retail Profit
Gross margin increased +80bps, supported by effective management of product costs, supplier rebates, the margin-accretive impact
of B&Q’s expanding marketplace and the contribution of retail media income, supported by FX tailwinds. Operating costs increased
+7.3%, driven by higher staff costs due to wage inflation, labour flexing to support increased volumes, increased UK employer NI
contributions, costs from new store openings, higher variable compensation and the annualisation of last year’s £33m one-off business
rates refund at B&Q. Cost increases were partially offset by savings achieved through structural cost reductions. Retail profit
increased +2.9% to £575m (FY 24/25: £558m) or +9.4% when excluding last year’s one-off business rates refund. Retail profit margin
declined (10) bps to 8.5%, primarily due to the annualisation of last year’s business rates refund at B&Q. Excluding this prior year one-off,
UK profit margin improved +40bps.

France
                                                                                                                   % Constant
                                                                                                   % Reported       Currency           % LFL
£m                                                                    2025/26         2024/25         Change          Change          Change

Castorama                                                              2,000            2,014         (0.7)%          (2.3)%          (2.2)%
Brico Dépôt                                                             1,866           1,869         (0.2)%           (1.8)%         (2.3)%
Total sales                                                            3,866           3,883          (0.4)%          (2.1)%         (2.2)%
Retail profit                                                              97             95          +2.7%           +1.0%
Retail profit margin %                                                  2.5%            2.4%         +10bps

Market
Market declined by c.(3)%, as consumer savings rates continue to be elevated.

Castorama
Castorama total sales decreased (2.3)% to £2,000m. LFL sales at (2.2)% were ahead of the market despite disruption from restructuring
the store portfolio. As 10% of the store estate was undergoing transformation, H2 LFL were impacted by c. (0.6)%. To improve the
overall offer, 15% of ranges were reviewed, with encouraging impact on volume in surfaces & décor, tools and garden. Seasonal
performance of (0.9)% was ahead of other categories, driven by cooling and outdoor in H1, while big-ticket suffered from low demand
in the market with LFL sales down (4.5)%.

Trade sales growth was driven by the successful roll-out of the CastoPro trade proposition across the estate in H1, the rapid
introduction of dedicated CastoPro zones in 50 stores and the implementation of a trade loyalty programme. Trade penetration
reached 9% at the end of FY 25/26. Our in-house CastoRent service is now available across 14 stores, offering low-cost tool rental and
increasing exposure to our Erbauer and MacAllister OEB ranges.

E-commerce sales growth was driven by the rapid expansion of Castorama’s marketplace. Castorama onboarded 978 merchants,
growing marketplace to 1.6m SKUs and reaching online penetration of 21%. Hello Casto, our AI virtual assistant, continued to enhance
customer experience and supported conversion across 1P and 3P. Hello Casto visits increased +61%, and we have seen customers
who click through to a product from the assistant convert at more than twice the Castorama France average. Our in-house AI-powered
product recommendations and personalisation now generate c.30% of app revenue. Our data monetisation platform Core IQ was
successfully launched and more than 120 1P vendors now use the platform.

Space contributed (0.1)% to Castorama total sales, reflecting the successful conversion and opening of two franchise stores within the
existing estate in June 2025. The three compact stores are trading ahead of the estate average, with an opportunity to expand this
concept over time.

Castorama is making rapid progress in the restructuring and modernisation of its lowest-performing stores. 24 stores (c.25% of the
estate) have now been addressed under the following initiatives, delivering encouraging early results:

— Eight rightsized stores: Four completed in FY 25/26 have on average delivered double-digit percentage improvements in sales
  density on average compared to the Castorama France average. Four are scheduled to complete in FY 26/27.
— Seven comprehensive refits: Toulon La Seyne and Givors were completed in H1, with resulting LFL sales performance well ahead
  of the Castorama France average. Five have been completed in Q1 26/27.
— Five light touch modernisations: The stores completed in the year have delivered improvements in sales density compared
  with the Castorama France average following their reopening.
— Two stores transferred to Brico Dépôt: Montgeron has increased sales by c.10% along with a selling space reduction of 20%
  following transfer to the Brico Dépôt banner. The second store in Le Havre is expected to reopen in Q2.
— Franchises: The first two franchise stores opened in June, with first results encouraging. The transition to a franchise model
  has moved these stores from loss-making positions to a positive profit contribution.
— Building on this momentum, Castorama has initiated work on a further nine stores.

                                                                                     Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts        39
 Strategic                                     Financial              Other
 Report                  Governance            Statements             Information




Trading review by division continued

Brico Dépôt
Total sales decreased (1.8)% to £1,866m. LFL sales decreased (2.3)% but with improving sequential trends from H1 to H2 and sales
performance ahead of the market. There was continued strong focus on trade professionals, improved customer offer, enhanced
ranges and leading price positioning in key categories. Core LFL sales improved in H2 (2.2)% vs H1 (5.1)% with building and joinery
benefitting from increased investment in commercial campaigns. Big-ticket sales (1.2)% were supported by kitchen range reviews but
impacted by market weakness, particularly in H2. Seasonal sales +1.1% had a strong H2, led by heating propellants and garden power
tools.

Trade sales grew +26%, driven by significant development of the trade proposition. Penetration reached 13.1%, up 290bps, supported
by Brico Dépôt’s efficient model, offering competitive pricing and high in-store availability for time-pressed tradespeople. Brico Dépôt
opened two Pro corners during the year, built out its trade-focused range and increased investment in dedicated trade sales partners.
Trade loyalty membership more than doubled. Brico Dépôt strengthened its price competitiveness with bulk-buy pricing offers, driving
volume growth in key products.

E-commerce penetration reached 4.9%, with momentum from upgrades to our web presence.

Space growth contributed +0.5%, driven by the successful opening of the store transferred from Castorama, where sales increased by
c.10% along with a selling space reduction of 20%. The second transferred store, in Le Havre, is expected to reopen in Q2 FY 26/27. Brico
Dépôt France will also expand its partnership with Mr Bricolage, converting a Mr Bricolage store into a Brico Dépôt franchise in FY 26/27, in
addition to the existing OEB supply arrangement. The three 1,000 sqm Brico Dépôt compact stores currently open continue to trade well
ahead of the estate average.

France Retail profit
Gross margin increased +60bps, reflecting the effective management of product costs and supplier negotiations, lower stock
provisions driven by better inventory management and lower logistics costs from the reduction of c.10% of distribution centre space.
Operating costs decreased (0.6)%, with increases in staff pay, social taxes and IT costs offset by savings from structural cost
reductions, and the flexing of staff levels and discretionary spend. Retail profit increased +1.0% to £97m (FY 24/25: £95m, at reported
rates). Retail profit margin increased by +10bps to 2.5% (FY 24/25: 2.4%) despite market decline of 3%.

In 2024 we announced a plan to drive the next level of our performance and profitability in France. The plan targets a retail profit
margin of c.5%-7% over the medium term, driven by a combination of self-help measures and operating leverage from an improved
market environment. We are pleased with the delivery of our self help measures. The French market has declined by c.10% since 2024,
therefore the timing and trajectory of reaching our target is dependent on the pace of the market recovery.

Poland
                                                                                                                   % Constant
                                                                                                   % Reported       Currency           % LFL
£m                                                                    2025/26         2024/25         Change          Change          Change

Total sales                                                             1,843           1,788          +3.1%               –           (1.1)%
Retail profit                                                              87             90          (3.5)%         (6.4)%
Retail profit margin %                                                  4.7%            5.1%        (40)bps

Market
Market flat, with continued geopolitical uncertainty impacting the home improvement market.

Total sales were flat at £1,843m. LFL sales were down (1.1)%, reflecting a challenging market backdrop with sales performance in line
with the market (as measured by GfK). LFL returned to growth in Q4, led by seasonal sales aided by colder weather. Core delivered
sequential improvement in LFL sales in H2 (0.4)% vs H1 (2.5)%, led by building & joinery, as OEB range reviews in interior doors
delivered strong results. Full year big-ticket sales were (0.1)%, with strong performance in kitchens driven by new ranges and targeted
promotional activities, offset by softer performance in bathrooms. Installation services for kitchens and flooring are seeing
increasing uptake.

Trade sales grew +46.6% with penetration reaching 27% (FY 24/25: 18%) as Castorama drove further rollout of CastoPro zones,
recruited specialised trade sales partners and optimised its ranges for pro customers. 120 trade sales partners are now in role.
The new loyalty programme, which includes a cash-back feature saw 489k sign-ups and is successfully driving footfall into stores.
In addition, CastoRent is offering tool rental for tradespeople.

E-commerce sales increased +30% to £84m, benefiting from the launch of marketplace. A year into launch, Castorama’s marketplace has
recruited +350 vendors and reached 21% of e-commerce sales in January 2026. Space growth contributed +1.1% to total sales from one
net store opening in the current year, following five in the prior year. The proven 4,000 sqm medium-box format and the Smart compact
store concept continue to expand our population reach and enable entry into new catchments. We are also piloting standalone Design
Points in high traffic shopping malls, leveraging strong footfall to showcase our kitchen ranges, with orders fulfilled by nearby stores.




40   Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts
Poland Retail profit
Gross margin increased by 20bps, reflecting the effective management of product costs and supplier negotiations, partially offset
by higher promotional sales, as consumers continue to focus more of their spend around promotional events. Operating costs
increased +1.7%, with increases in staff pay and IT costs, partially offset by structural cost reductions and the flexing of staff levels
and discretionary spend. IT costs include a one-off c.£5m impairment charge related to the acceleration of next-generation
technology, which resulted in the write-down of legacy systems. Excluding this charge, operating costs increase would have been
+0.8%. Retail profit decreased by (6.4)% to £87m (FY 24/25: £90m). Retail profit margin decreased by (40) bps to 4.7%, at reported
rates (FY 24/25: 5.1%). Excluding the impairment charge, retail profit margin would have been broadly flat.

Other International
                                                                                                                                        % Constant
                                                                                                                      % Reported         Currency                 % LFL
Sales £m                                                                           2025/26            2024/25            Change            Change                Change

Iberia                                                                                425                384            +10.6%              +8.8%                +8.8%
Screwfix France & Other      ±
                                                                                        25                 16           +42.4%            +40.3%                   n/a
Romania**                                                                               60               257                n/a                n/a                 n/a
Other International                                                                    510               657           (22.5)%            (23.3)%                +8.0%
Other International (excl. Romania)                                                   450                400            +12.0%             +10.1%                +9.3%


Retail profit £m

Iberia                                                                                   15                 8           +86.0%            +82.9%
Screwfix France & Other±                                                               (31)              (35)            (9.5)%            (10.9)%
Turkey (50% JV)                                                                          (6)               (9)              n/a                n/a
Romania**                                                                               (3)               (11)              n/a                n/a
Other International                                                                   (25)               (47)          (46.0)%            (43.6)%
Other International (excl. Romania)                                                   (22)               (36)           (37.9)%           (34.3)%

±   Screwfix France & Other consists of the consolidated results of Screwfix International, and results from franchise and wholesale agreements.
    The prior year comparator includes NeedHelp – we divested our c.80% equity interest on 18 July 2024.
** On 2 May 2025 the Group completed the divestment of its 100% equity interest in Brico Dépôt Romania. The Group recognised a £31m loss on disposal
   (included in adjusting items). Please see note 6 and note 34 of the consolidated financial statements.

Iberia
Iberia total sales increased by +8.8% to £425m. LFL sales were up +8.8% driven by volume & transaction growth. Positive LFL across all
categories. Continued strong focus on trade professionals, improved customer offer, enhanced ranges and leading price positioning in
key categories. Growth was also supported by strong demand in Valencia following last year’s flood damage. Market share gains in
Spain (AECOC) were driven by strong price positioning and effective commercial activation programmes.

Trade sales grew by 35.5% with penetration reaching 19.7% (FY 24/25: 15.8%), driven by the successful launch of the new loyalty
programme BricoClub Pro and the creation of trade zones in six stores. The e-commerce marketplace continued to scale, reaching
30% of e-commerce online sales (FY 24/25: 25%). Brico Dépôt Spain has launched a hub network to fulfil e-commerce orders,
covering its entire estate. The transition to a digital-hub fulfilment model led to a 10bps increase in digital conversion and improved
gross margin driven by lower delivery costs and reduced stock shrinkage.

Retail profit increased to £15m (FY 24/25: £8m), reflecting higher gross profit and strong cost control.

Screwfix France & Other
Following our first opening in Q4 2022, Screwfix France now has a total of 35 stores in operation, of which five stores were opened
in the year. Store LFL sales grew +49%1, supported by the benefits of network effects and growing brand awareness in northern
France, as successful marketing is driving increases in store traffic. Brand awareness in the North region reached 21% (+4pts).
LFL growth continues to be higher in the more recently launched cohorts and strongest in areas with higher network effect.
Trade penetration is at 54% (FY 24/25: 50%) with continued focus on enhancing the customer proposition through trade brands and
trade-focused campaigns. Franchise and wholesale agreements are currently in place with seven partners that are buying selected
Own Exclusive Brand (OEB) products, including Altex in Romania following their purchase of Brico Dépôt Romania. This has contributed
c.£4m in retail profit for the current year. There was a combined retail loss of £31m (FY 24/25: £35m).




1. Store LFL sales excludes online sales (Screwfix France launched as an online-only proposition in April 2021, with the first store opening in October 2022).



                                                                                                    Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts                    41
    Strategic                                 Financial             Other
    Report                   Governance       Statements            Information




Trading review by division continued

Turkey
In Turkey, total contribution to Group adjusted PBT was a net loss of £9m as demand remained constrained by high inflation and
interest rates, though the environment improved over the year, with LFL sales returning to positive figures for the full year. Please see
note 6 of the consolidated financial statements for more details.

Romania
On 2 May 2025, the Group completed the divestment of its 100% equity interest in Brico Dépôt Romania for proceeds of £53m.
The Group recognised a £31m loss on disposal (included in adjusting items). Kingfisher continues to supply OEB products into Romania
through our wholesale partnership with Altex. Please see note 6 and note 34 of the consolidated financial statements for more details.

LFL sales by category
                                                                                                                              % LFL Change

                                                                                       Core       ‘Big-ticket’     Seasonal       FY 25/26

UK & Ireland                                                                         +2.4%          +5.0%           +6.1%          +3.3%
B&Q                                                                                  +1.6%           +6.2%          +6.5%          +3.3%
Screwfix                                                                             +3.2%           +2.4%          +4.4%          +3.2%
France                                                                              (2.8)%          (2.7)%         (0.1)%         (2.2)%
Castorama                                                                            (1.9)%          (4.5)%         (0.9)%         (2.2)%
Brico Dépôt                                                                          (3.7)%          (1.2)%          +1.1%         (2.3)%
Poland                                                                               (1.5)%         (0.1)%         (0.8)%          (1.1)%
Other International*                                                                 +9.2%           +6.3%          +5.7%          +8.0%
Iberia                                                                              +10.5%           +5.4%          +6.8%          +8.8%
Romania                                                                              (4.1)%          +8.7%          +1.6%             n/a
Group LFL                                                                            +0.6%            +1.1%         +2.8%           +1.1%
Excluding calendar impact                                                            +0.9%            +1.4%         +3.1%           +1.4%

*    Includes Screwfix France and other.
Core (67% of sales): UK performance remained solid, led by strong interior paint sales at B&Q and sustained growth in tools at Screwfix.
Iberia reported strong growth across all categories, whereas trading in France and Poland was comparatively softer.

Big ticket (15% of sales): Growth was led by kitchen category sales, particularly at B&Q, supported by recent range reviews and soft
prior-year comparators, with Brico Dépôt France and Poland also delivering a solid performance. There was a softer performance in
Bathrooms, with range reviews planned for FY 26/27.

Seasonal (18% of sales): Performance was led by the UK, supported by favourable weather in Q1 with LFL sales up +28%, driven by
outdoor and garden categories. In Poland unfavourable H1 weather was partly offset by beneficial weather in Q4.




42     Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts
Risks
Risk management and material controls                                 Risk monitoring is embedded throughout the year. Local
                                                                      management regularly reviews mitigation plans while the Group
Effective risk management underpins our ability to deliver our        Executive and Board hold ongoing discussions and dedicated
strategic and operational objectives. Throughout the year, our        sessions twice annually to assess the nature, likelihood and
banners and Group Functions work closely with the Group Risk          impact of the Group’s principal risks and any changes since
team to ensure robust processes are applied, including regular        the previous review. These sessions also include mitigating
review of risk management practices. Individual Group Executive       actions to ensure risks are proactively managed. The Audit
members remain accountable for risks within their areas, while        Committee oversees the risk assessment process and receives
the Group Executive collectively oversees identification,             presentations from banners and Group Functions on a rotating
assessment and management of the Group’s principal risks.             basis covering strategic progress, local risks and mitigation plans.
Work has progressed to comply with the UK Corporate                   Internal Audit incorporates operational and Group level risks into
Governance Code 2024 provision 29. During the year,                   its audit planning cycle, providing timely assurance on significant
we simplified our risk descriptions, aligning risk appetite           risks, delivering a risk-focused assurance programme informed
and documenting material controls through facilitated                 by the risk management process.
discussions across teams. An internal dashboard provides the
Board with clear visibility over assurance in place to mitigate our       Further information on this is included in the Audit Committee report
risks. External guidance supported this process, with new                 on page 72.
descriptions, appetite levels and controls validated by the Group
Executive and Board in September. Internal Audit conducted a          Principal risks
dry-run review of our material controls during the year,
                                                                      Following a comprehensive review, we introduced a new
identifying minor enhancements that are being remediated and
                                                                      technology resilience risk to reflect the importance of
we remain on track to make a declaration over their
                                                                      developing and maintaining resilient systems.
effectiveness next year.
                                                                      We also merged risks relating to changing customer expectations
Following the September review, the Board also performed
                                                                      and competitor behaviour into a single market landscape risk.
a robust risk assessment of our principal and emerging risks
                                                                      Other existing principal risks were updated to reflect our strategic
at year-end, along with the mitigating controls and actions.
                                                                      progress and shifts in the external operating environment.
   The governance framework and the role of the Board, Audit
   Committee and Group Executive are set out from page 53.            All principal risks are given significant attention and focus.
                                                                      We believe the highest severity risks are:
To identify our risks, we consider our strategic objectives and
potential barriers over a three-year horizon. We combine a            — Geopolitical instability creating macroeconomic volatility.
top-down strategic view with a bottom-up operational view of          — Cyber and data security.
risks. Banners and Group Functions identify changes to risks          — Market landscape.
within their operations, starting with workshops involving local
                                                                          Principal risks are shown on pages 44 to 48.
leadership teams, discussing existing, new and emerging risks.
These inputs are consolidated and validated against external
benchmarking and horizon scanning to capture emerging risks.
The resulting principal risks are presented to the Group
                                                                      Emerging risks
Executive and non-executive directors for consideration               As part of our risk management process, we identify
and approval.                                                         and monitor emerging risks. These risks are harder to
                                                                      quantify or may materialise beyond our outlook period.
To assess our risks, we consider potential financial, reputational,
regulatory or operational impacts alongside the likelihood            We capture emerging risks through banner and Group
of occurrence within our three-year outlook. This informs             Function reviews, asking what their future concerns are along
appropriate actions and controls to manage risks to an                with actions to understand them. We also benchmark against
acceptable level. For each principal risk, we also assess             other companies’ disclosures. The reviews highlighted several
changes to the risk level compared to the prior year.                 potential emerging risks which we will continue to monitor closely.

To manage our risks, ownership is assigned at all levels.
Each banner and Group Function is responsible for implementing
actions, controls, and procedures to manage and monitor
identified risks and to ensure controls operate effectively.
Mitigation plans are developed by local risk owners, validated
by the respective Group Executive member and supported by
dedicated risk and control managers.




                                                                                    Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts                 43
 Strategic                                      Financial             Other
 Report                  Governance             Statements            Information




Risks continued                                               Risk trend:      Increasing        No movement            Decreasing         New




 1   Supply chain resilience                                      How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                                  — Our supply and logistics three-year roadmap was updated in
                                                                    2025/26. It considers our future logistics capacity needs, based
A resilient supply chain is key to our business to ensure           on the various sourcing, inventory and sales-generative strategies
we have sufficient stock availability to meet our                   identified in the Group’s strategic planning activities.
customers’ needs. This requires us to have robust                 — Our business continuity plans cover our internal points of failure and
supply chain solutions and be effectively managing                  key partner service-continuity plans.
our suppliers and our logistics partners.                         — We have established partnerships with key transportation and
                                                                    logistics suppliers to align planning and secure capacity.
Failure to respond to major disruptions to our                    — We continue to improve demand forecasting to anticipate future
supply chain could result in a material impact to                   sales requirements and work with suppliers to ensure
product availability.                                               product availability. Our supply chain visibility tools help us monitor
                                                                    inventory health, track product movement and respond to events.
Risk trend                                                          We are starting to review key suppliers by category to assess
                                                                    capacity, volumes and the impact of potential supply interruptions.
Global supply chains are operating in an increasingly
volatile and complex environment. Pressure on China-              — Our OEB supplier strategy includes initiatives to diversify our
based sourcing has intensified as demand shifts, while              ‘sourcing footprint’, build alternative sources where possible and
tariff-driven purchasing windows have created container             guidance on sourcing regions to enhance resilience.
availability challenges. There is also uncertainty posed by       — We have a robust process for selecting suppliers. This includes
recent events in the Middle East. Our sourcing and supply           checks on financial strength, ethical and environmental risks and
chain strategy is designed to maintain resilience and               their ability to manufacture products to the agreed specification.
agility, enabling us to adapt to these structural changes.          In addition, our contracts allow us to hold vendors accountable for
Enhanced monitoring and contingency planning are                    the service level agreement associated.
strengthening our ability to absorb shocks, while                 — We are enhancing our organisational agility through continuous
safeguarding long-term continuity of supply and                     macro-monitoring and proactive scenario assessment, ensuring we
cost competitiveness.                                               can respond quickly and effectively as conditions evolve.

Link to strategic priorities                                      How we provide oversight to the Board
— Grow our trade business.                                        — The Board annually receives an update on Group and banner supply
— Scale our digital ecosystem.                                      and logistics strategies, OEB strategies and a summary confirming
— Win through our offer, own exclusive brands                       that our business continuity plans are in place. Any significant vendor
  and services.                                                     issues are escalated immediately.
— Agile, human and lean.

 2   Our people                                                   How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                                  — The Board has approved our Group strategy for people and culture,
                                                                    with individual priorities agreed for each banner and Group Function,
Our colleagues are critical to the successful delivery of           including a focus on attracting, retaining, and developing their colleagues.
our ‘Powered by Kingfisher’ strategy and priorities.              — The Group Executive and Board hold regular talent reviews
                                                                    focused on ensuring senior leadership has the required capabilities
Failure to attract, retain and develop colleagues with              to deliver the strategy and activities to strengthen our leadership
appropriate skills and capabilities could impact our                succession pipeline.
ability to deliver our strategic priorities and business          — We are investing in tools and infrastructure to support our
objectives at the pace required.                                    colleagues’ learning, including a leadership development portal for
                                                                    bite-size instant learning and e-learning for our store teams on
                                                                    new products.
Risk trend
                                                                  — Each banner closely monitors colleague sentiment through our
This year we accelerated the development of
                                                                    listening platform ‘Peakon’ and creates associated action plans
organisational capabilities to support long-term growth,
                                                                    to improve colleague sentiment.
with a strong focus on performance, leadership
development, succession planning and operating model
                                                                  How we provide oversight to the Board
transformation (see the People and culture section on
pages 14 to 16 for further information).                          — The Board receives the three-year People plan annually, along with a
                                                                    review of colleague engagement. In addition, the Nomination
Link to strategic priorities                                        Committee receives a summary of the Group Executive succession
                                                                    plan annually.
— Grow our banners and formats.
— Scale our digital ecosystem.
— Lead the industry in responsible business and
  energy efficiency.
— Agile, human and lean.




44   Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts
                                                              Risk trend:      Increasing        No movement           Decreasing         New




 3   Reputation and trust                                         How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                                  — The Responsible Business Committee (RBC) leads and oversees the
                                                                    delivery of the Responsible Business strategy. It is chaired by
Our customers, colleagues, suppliers and investors                  a non-executive director and includes the CEO. The banners and
expect us to perform our business in a way that is                  relevant Group Functions are responsible for delivery of the
responsible, reliable and in everyone’s long-term                   strategy, with progress monitored against agreed targets.
interest. One of the many ways we strive to ensure this           — We have established a robust governance framework to oversee
is through our publicly communicated Responsible                    health and safety, with Group standards setting minimum
Business strategy and targets.                                      requirements, implemented locally by banners.
                                                                  — A framework is in place to ensure our products are safe and comply
The safety of our customers and colleagues is of                    with relevant regulations, supported by Group policies and
paramount importance and we are committed to                        processes setting minimum requirements. In addition, our due
ensuring our products and our working environments                  diligence of suppliers and partners covers a range of ESG issues,
are safe.                                                           from environment to modern slavery.
                                                                  — We are evolving our frameworks for managing incidents, and for
Failure to deliver on our obligations and commitments
                                                                    responding to societal and geopolitical issues, and we have specific
or material breaches of our policies or controls, could
                                                                    policies relating to corporate affairs and external communications.
undermine trust in Kingfisher, damage our reputation
and impact our ability to meet our strategic objectives.          — Externally, we monitor developments and have regular engagement
                                                                    with a range of stakeholders including NGO partners, trade
                                                                    associations, politicians, civil servants, media, etc. in our key markets,
Risk trend                                                          which helps to ensure that the company remains close to social and
The level of scrutiny and expectations from our                     environmental concerns.
stakeholders remains high and the opportunity to provide
an effective response is often limited.                           How we provide oversight to the Board
                                                                  — The Board receives a biannual summary of health & safety concerns.
Link to strategic priorities                                        Any serious matters of concern relating to the delivery of the
— Lead the industry in responsible business and energy              Responsible Business strategy, health & safety, product safety or
  efficiency.                                                       other incidents are reported to the Board as they arise.
— Agile, human and lean.

 4   Climate change                                               How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                                  — The Responsible Business Committee (RBC), chaired by a non-
                                                                    executive director, supports and oversees the delivery of the
Globally, the impacts and scale of climate change are               Group’s Responsible Business strategy, including how we manage
not fully understood and it continues to evolve.                    our approach to climate change.
                                                                  — The Group Climate Committee, chaired by the CEO, monitors the
Failure to monitor, understand and act upon the                     effectiveness of the company’s approach to assessing and
opportunities and risks of climate change could impact              managing climate-related risks and opportunities. It provides
our long-term profitability.                                        recommendations to the Group Executive on the management of
                                                                    climate-related risks and opportunities.
                                                                  — We have a range of commitments to reduce our emissions and
Risk trend
                                                                    maximise opportunities for the transition to a net zero future, such as
Scrutiny on the validity and reliability of our response to
                                                                    our Sustainable Home Products targets, establishing science-based
climate-related risks remains high.
                                                                    targets for carbon emissions and alignment of our climate-related
                                                                    ambitions with our financial performance (see TCFD section on
Link to strategic priorities
                                                                    pages 103 to 114). Decarbonisation planning is also integrated into
— Win through our offer, own exclusive brands and services.         each banner’s capital investment plans.
— Lead the industry in responsible business and                   — We support several industry initiatives to tackle climate change,
  energy efficiency.                                                including a collaborative Scope 3 task force, initiated by EDRA/GHIN
                                                                    (the global trade bodies for home improvement retailers).

                                                                  How we provide oversight to the Board
                                                                  — The Board receives updates from the RBC as appropriate and annual
                                                                    presentations on banner and Group Function strategies, which
                                                                    consider significant risks and opportunities including climate change.
                                                                    These are also contained within the TCFD disclosure, which the
                                                                    Board approves annually.




                                                                                     Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts          45
 Strategic                                      Financial          Other
 Report                  Governance             Statements         Information




Risks continued                                            Risk trend:     Increasing      No movement          Decreasing       New




 5   Legal and regulatory                                      How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                               — Policies and procedures are in place, clearly stating our expectation
                                                                 to carry out our business fairly and with complete integrity.
The Group’s operations are subject to a broad range of         — Our legal and compliance network, supported by external experts
regulatory requirements in the markets in which we               where needed, monitors for legislative changes relevant to our
operate, and new regulations continue to emerge.                 business, and helps us to identify, understand the impact of, and
                                                                 comply with current and new legal obligations, so that we
Failure to ensure we comply with applicable laws and             can respond appropriately.
regulations could impact our brands and reputation and         — A compliance programme is in place which covers key areas such as
expose us to significant fines or penalties.                     our Code of Conduct, anti-bribery and corruption, data protection,
                                                                 competition law and market abuse. This includes mandatory
                                                                 Group-wide annual training on these areas; an independently
Risk trend
                                                                 facilitated whistleblowing hotline across the Group, supported by
The legal landscape in which we operate continues to
                                                                 Speak Up champions to ensure that any concerns are investigated
evolve, with new regulations and greater complexity.
                                                                 appropriately; and third-party due diligence processes covering
We continue to monitor the potential impacts, as well as
                                                                 risks such as sustainability, human rights, business integrity, data
focusing on the internal controls, systems and processes
                                                                 protection and information security.
that support compliance.
                                                               — The Group Ethics and Compliance Committee (GECC) ensures
Link to strategic priorities                                     that the Group approach to ethics and compliance is adequate
                                                                 and effective. This includes approving compliance training and
— Grow our banners and formats.
                                                                 reviewing the outcomes of investigations. Local Ethics and
— Scale our digital ecosystem.                                   Compliance Committees are in place in all banners to ensure a
— Win through our offer, own exclusive brands                    consistent approach.
  and services.
— Lead the industry in responsible business and                How we provide oversight to the Board
  energy efficiency.                                           — The Board approves material changes to Group policies. Regular
                                                                 reporting is provided to the Board and Audit Committee on material
                                                                 legal and compliance matters, including topics such as data
                                                                 protection, compliance programmes, material litigations,
                                                                 whistleblowing and Speak Up, and material policy breaches.

 6   Cyber and data security                                   How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                               — Cyber security receives Group Executive level sponsorship, and we
                                                                 continue to make investments in support of our IT security roadmap.
Cyberattacks and security incidents continue to                — We use AI to strengthen existing technology capability to protect us
present a risk for all organisations, including both             against threats.
Kingfisher and our vendors.                                    — We have a robust major incident management process, supported
                                                                 by a third-party incident response and forensic retainer, and we run
Failure to protect data, information and systems, detect         regular assessments and exercises, including at Board level, to
incidents and respond accordingly would negatively               ensure we are prepared for security incidents.
impact our operations, profitability and reputation.           — We deliver mandatory training and run phishing awareness tests to
                                                                 ensure colleagues understand the importance of their role in
Risk trend                                                       cyber security.
This remains one of our most significant risks and the         — We regularly review the cyber threats facing Kingfisher and work
past year has seen several high-profile cyberattacks             with security partners to evaluate and implement appropriate
against retailers.                                               controls, including within our IT general control framework.
                                                               — We commission continuous independent assurance to monitor
Link to strategic priorities                                     progress against our strategy and alignment to cyber security best
— Grow our banners and formats.                                  practice standards, to ensure we meet our maturity milestones.
— Grow our trade business.
— Scale our digital ecosystem.                                 How we provide oversight to the Board
— Win through our offer, own exclusive brands                  — The Board receives an update annually on cyber security,
  and services.                                                  with additional updates provided throughout the year as and
                                                                 when required.
— Lead the industry in responsible business and
  energy efficiency.
— Agile, human and lean.




46   Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts
                                                              Risk trend:      Increasing      No movement          Decreasing        New




 7Geopolitical instability creating                               How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                                  — Our Group Corporate Affairs team monitors the political and
macroeconomic volatility                                            economic situations in our markets and countries which may impact
                                                                    our operations. This is supported by membership of key business
                                                                    trade associations in every market.
Kingfisher’s operations extend across the globe,
                                                                  — Strategies are in place to identify, monitor and engage with
exposing us to both geopolitical uncertainty and local
                                                                    proposed changes to legislation that may impact our business.
volatility.
                                                                  — We are revising our incident and crisis management processes and
Failure to anticipate events or respond appropriately               teams to ensure that they are relevant and current, allowing us
could have a significant impact on our business                     to identify, detect and respond to situations as they arise.
operations resulting in a loss of sales, increased costs          — Our banner and Group sourcing teams work to diversify our sourcing
and negatively impacting our strategic objectives.                  options where appropriate. Our buying offices and supply chain
                                                                    teams are focused on ensuring we maintain appropriate levels of
                                                                    competitively priced products available from alternative sources
Risk trend                                                          through periods of potential disruption.
Heightened geopolitical volatility, including the use of
                                                                  — We have strong and distinct banners, with each able to set the right
tariffs as political leverage, increases the risk of supply
                                                                    product offer and pricing to meet our customers’ appetite for
disruption and cost inflation given Kingfisher’s global
                                                                    spending and to respond in an agile, flexible way to changes in the
sourcing footprint. Persistent tensions between major
                                                                    environment. Our OEBs, representing 43% of our sales, offer
trading nations continue to impact consumer confidence
                                                                    particularly great value for customers in all our banners.
in our core European markets and home improvement
spend. Geopolitical instability therefore remains a               — We have access to significant committed liquidity facilities and
significant driver of macroeconomic uncertainty and one             debt funding, through a Revolving Credit Facility (RCF), and drawn
of our highest severity risks.                                      term loans.
                                                                  — Cash holdings are diversified across several financial institutions.
Link to strategic priorities                                        We continuously monitor our exposure to these to ensure our credit
— Grow our banners and formats.                                     risk is effectively managed.
— Scale our digital ecosystem.                                    — We have appropriate treasury policies in place, enabling us
                                                                    to use derivatives, investments and debt financing to minimise
— Win through our offer, own exclusive brands
                                                                    the impact of foreign exchange currency volatility for the Group.
  and services.
                                                                  How we provide oversight to the Board
                                                                  — The Board receives regular Corporate Affairs updates and annual
                                                                    presentations of banner Group Function strategies which consider
                                                                    geopolitical trends. In addition, serious incidents are escalated as
                                                                    they arise.

 8   Technology resilience                                        How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                                  — Our technology roadmap ensures our infrastructure adapts to
                                                                    support strategic initiatives. We continue to invest in both core
Kingfisher relies on several systems managed internally             and customer-facing technologies, and we are modernising legacy
and by third parties to serve our customers.                        systems to enable faster, secure, more agile change across our
                                                                    digital platforms.
Failure to develop and maintain resilient systems could           — We work with third-party providers to strengthen our digital
disrupt critical operations and the delivery of our                 capabilities and overall resilience. Partnering with experts through
strategic priorities, damaging our reputation.                      our cloud partnerships gives us access to their skills and technology,
                                                                    helping us attract and retain top engineering talent.
                                                                  — We embed resilience principles from the outset when developing
Risk trend
                                                                    or modernising technology, building high‑availability and recovery
The ‘Powered by Kingfisher’ strategy is increasingly reliant
                                                                    paths as a priority.
on robust technological solutions. This new risk reflects
                                                                  — Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans ensure
our commitment to ensuring the successful delivery of
                                                                    we can recover quickly and in a structured way from incidents
our priorities, enabling future growth for Kingfisher.
                                                                    affecting critical processes, assets, and third parties.
Link to strategic priorities
                                                                  How we provide oversight to the Board
— Grow our banners and formats.
                                                                  — The Board receives annual updates on the IT roadmap.
— Grow our trade business.
— Scale our digital ecosystem.
— Win through our offer, own exclusive brands
  and services.
— Lead the industry in responsible business and
  energy efficiency.
— Agile, human and lean.


                                                                                    Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts          47
 Strategic                                  Financial             Other
 Report                Governance           Statements            Information




Risks continued                                           Risk trend:     Increasing       No movement          Decreasing        New




 9   Market landscape                                         How we manage and monitor the risk
                                                              — Our Customer and Market Intelligence team continuously monitors
                                                                customer trends and behaviours across all our markets, feeding into
The markets in which we operate are very competitive            our banner strategies to anticipate needs and develop relevant
and the pace of change remains high with increasing             offerings. This is reflected in dedicated teams’ focus on customer
customer demand for greater choice, experience                  data and digital experience, enabling us to better understand customer
and value.                                                      behaviour and deliver personalised, omni-channel experiences.
                                                              — Retail media uses targeted advertising and data insights to help
Failure to respond with speed to customer demand                us understand behaviour trends, optimise digital touchpoints and
or to changes in the external landscape could affect            enhance engagement. Our Centre of Excellence for online marketing
our ability to remain competitive and adversely impact          and digital trading monitors demand and benchmarks e-commerce
our financial results.                                          capabilities to identify opportunities in site speed, order
                                                                management and customer recommendations.
                                                              — We track Net Promoter Scores (NPS) against targets to
Risk trend
                                                                improve customer experience and satisfaction across digital and
This remains a key area of focus and one of our highest
                                                                in-store touchpoints.
severity risks. The previous responding to changing
                                                              — We compare price indices with competitors in key categories and
customer expectations and competitor behaviour risks
                                                                measure customer price perception on a regular basis to ensure
were merged due to their similar impacts. This simpler
                                                                we remain competitive.
approach enables more efficient management by teams.
                                                              — We have launched strategic programmes to accelerate
Link to strategic priorities                                    e-commerce, placing stores at the centre of our fulfilment model.
— Grow our banners and formats.                                 Our online marketplaces expand product choice, reduce availability
                                                                risks and align with consumer trends. Our Technology Product board
— Grow our trade business.
                                                                meets quarterly to monitor financial and project portfolio
— Scale our digital ecosystem.                                  performance and to prioritise upcoming digital initiatives.
— Win through our offer, own exclusive brands                 — Compact stores play a crucial role in addressing the consumer need
  and services.                                                 for convenience and enable us to further meet demand for fast
— Lead the industry in responsible business and                 fulfilment, whether through click & collect or delivery. These formats
  energy efficiency.                                            provide valuable learnings and attract new customer types.
— Agile, human and lean.                                      — We continue to attract trade customers through formats such
                                                                as Tradepoint and Casto Pro and expanded loyalty programme
                                                                offerings across all markets.
                                                              — We extend and refresh our own exclusive brand ranges based on
                                                                customer and banner feedback to deliver a differentiated, compelling
                                                                offer across all price points, with a strong focus on Sustainable Home
                                                                Products to meet changing customer preferences.

                                                              How we provide oversight to the Board
                                                              — The Board receives an annual update on market and customer
                                                                trends and annual presentations of banner and Group Function
                                                                strategies incorporating these market insights, as well as an annual
                                                                update on our IT strategy and roadmap.




48   Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts
Viability statement
Assessment period                                                                    — The Group’s financial position. The Group retains a
                                                                                       strong financial position; as of 31 January 2026, Kingfisher had
The directors consider a three-year period appropriate given
                                                                                       access to over £1.1 billion in total liquidity, comprising cash
the rapid change in consumer and retail markets. This aligns
                                                                                       and cash equivalents of £462 million (net of bank overdrafts)
with the Group’s strategic planning period and timeframe for
                                                                                       and access to an undrawn Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) of
implementing new ranges, stores and technology investments.
                                                                                       £650 million (which expires at the end of May 2028). The RCF
No major renewal or investment commitments beyond the
                                                                                       has a one-year extension option, and the modelling assumes
current levels (around 3% of revenues) are expected after this
                                                                                       this is renewed at a similar level (deemed highly likely). This
three-year period. The Group’s debt repayment profile is not
                                                                                       level of liquidity is sufficient for all viability scenarios. The
relevant due to the low levels of debt, and the Revolving Credit
                                                                                       Group has low levels of debt and a proven track record of
Facility (RCF) has a three-year horizon.
                                                                                       strong cash generation. The Board considers this headroom,
                                                                                       coupled with the highly cash generative nature of the business,
Assessment of prospects                                                                to provide robust financial resilience and flexibility.
The directors regularly assess the Group’s current and future                        — Supplier and supply chain resilience. The Group’s supply
financial position, performance trends and forecasts against the                       chain has remained resilient despite geopolitical uncertainty,
strategy, business model and principal risks outlined on pages 44                      with product availability continuing to improve. While some
to 48. In addition, the directors regularly review the financing                       dependency on far-sourced products from Asia exists, we
position and future funding requirements, including                                    mitigate this through dual-sourcing key OEB products and
sensitivity analyses.                                                                  maintaining updated business continuity plans. We work closely
                                                                                       with vendors to optimise inventory levels and strengthen
The Group remains operationally and financially strong, with                           resilience in our supply chain.
a strong track record of consistent profit and cash generation,
                                                                                     — Climate change. We regularly assess climate-related risks and
expected to continue in both the short and long term.1
                                                                                       opportunities. TCFD scenario analysis indicates no material
In its assessment of the Group’s prospects, the Board                                  risks to our business model over the three-year time horizon
has considered the following:                                                          but highlights the opportunity to promote our more sustainable
                                                                                       products to customers (refer to TCFD section on page 108).
— The Group’s strategy and how it addresses changing
  customer preferences. Our growth has been high-quality,                            Taking these factors into account, we have shown that our
  volume-led, driven by our Group strategic initiatives in                           business model is resilient, and we are confident that our strategy
  e-commerce and trade. Online platforms increase product                            provides a strong foundation for sustainable long-term growth.
  choice and enable fast fulfilment times while our proprietary
  marketplace technology delivers high-margin growth.                                Assessment of viability
  We continue to grow our trade customer, based on frequent,                         To assess our viability, we have modelled several severe but
  higher spending, and predictable shoppers through formats                          plausible scenarios which would have the most material impact
  like Tradepoint and Casto Pro, leveraging our existing store                       on our liquidity. These were identified by considering how
  footprint to increase store sales densities with limited                           our principal risks could materialise either individually or
  additional capex. Our trade business is both revenue and                           in combination, impacting the business both operationally
  margin accretive at a retail operating level. Looking ahead,                       and financially.
  we remain confident in both our long-term growth and cash
  generation opportunities.                                                          In total, four severe but plausible individual scenarios have
— The inherent resilience of the Group’s activities. The Group                       been modelled, in addition to a fifth ‘collective’ scenario.
  operates across diverse geographies and customer segments,                         The latter considers the combined impact of scenarios 1, 3
  with a strong competitive position. We maintain a well-balanced                    and 4 detailed below, to model a worst-case situation.
  mix of retail and trade customers and a significant proportion                     Theoretically, all these scenarios could run together,
  of our sales is linked to essential repairs and maintenance.                       with different impacts. Although the causes are different,
  Our geographic spread helps mitigate political instability                         the potential impact of scenario 2 (production and supply chain
  or economic downturn in a particular country. Our diverse                          disruption) is similar to scenario 3 (further economic downturn)
  product portfolio, including own exclusive brands (OEB) and                        and overlaying it on the collective scenario would not make
  diversified sourcing footprint (both near and far sourcing)                        a material difference to the results.
  strengthen stability.
                                                                                     The legal and regulatory risk was not specifically modelled as it
— Expectations of the future economic environment. Political                         could result in a significant financial penalty and related financial
  and macroeconomic uncertainty persists across our markets.                         pressure similar to scenario 1 (demand/operational shock).
  Despite consumer uncertainty, our UK banners and Brico Dépôt                       An aspect of climate change has been modelled in scenario 2
  Iberia delivered strong results and grew market share. Our banners                 (production and supply chain disruption) but it should be noted
  in France and Poland faced subdued consumer demand                                 that the additional investments being made to realise our climate
  but performed in line with their markets, demonstrating the                        targets are already included in the base financial projections.
  resilience of our strategy. Longer term, we are well positioned
  to benefit as the home improvement market inflects. Industry
  trends, including ageing housing stock, investments in
  sustainability and a continued interest from consumers in
  adapting their homes to their evolving lifestyles, will endure
  and provide the opportunity for sustained long-term growth.
1. This viability statement should be read in conjunction with the description of the Group’s strategy and business model, which are set out on pages 7 to 13.



                                                                                                    Kingfisher 2025/26 Annual Report and Accounts                49
 Strategic                                        Financial                Other
 Report                  Governance               Statements               Information




Viability statement continued

Recent events in the Middle East have disrupted global supply                 — reducing discretionary operating spend;
chains and driven higher energy prices. While the duration and                — reducing non-committed capital expenditure;
impact of the conflict remain uncertain, learnings from recent            