. Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on 7 Form 10-K, any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered when evaluating Kraft Heinz. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, and the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, but are provided because future occurrences of such factors, events, or contingencies could have a material adverse effect. While we believe we have identified and discussed the material risks affecting our business below, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. Industry Risks We operate in a highly competitive industry. The food and beverage industry is highly competitive across all of our product offerings. Our principal competitors in these categories are manufacturers and retailers with their own branded and private label products. We compete based on product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences. We may need to reduce our prices, or be restricted or delayed in our ability to increase prices, in response to competitive, customer, consumer, regulatory, or macroeconomic pressures, including pressures related to private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. These pressures have restricted, and may in the future continue to restrict, our ability to increase prices and maintain those price increases in response to commodity and other cost increases, including those related to inflationary pressures. Furthermore, our competitors may attempt to gain market share by offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by our company, which may require us to increase spending on advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices. Failure to effectively assess, timely change, and properly set pricing, promotions, or trade incentives may negatively impact our ability to achieve our objectives. In addition, in order to remain competitive, we rely on our ability to secure new retailers and maintain or add shelf space for our products. If we are unable to secure sufficient and attractive shelf space, adequate product visibility, and attractive pricing for our products with retailers, our products may be disadvantaged against our competitors. Even if we obtain preferred product visibility and shelf space, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set by retailers, which may cause these retailers to remove our products from their shelves. Our products are sold in highly competitive marketplaces, including e-commerce retailers, large-format retailers, and discounters. Competition amongst retailers may create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, advertising, and new product, platform, or channel innovation to maintain or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we are unable to compete effectively, our profitability, financial condition, and operating results may decline. Our success depends on our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those changes, and to respond to competitive innovation. Consumer preferences for food and beverage products change continually and rapidly. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers. We must continue to offer products that appeal to consumers, including with respect to their health and wellness preferences and changing consumption patterns, such as those potentially associated with weight-loss drugs. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, and operating results. Further, changing consumer preferences relating to the healthiness or desirability of ingredients, components, or substances present or allegedly present in our products or packaging could negatively impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to satisfy consumer preferences. Moreover, weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, severe or unusual weather events, pandemics, geopolitical conflicts, public boycotts, as well as other factors, could affect consumer preferences and demand, at times, causing a strain on our supply chain due, in part, to retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their restocking, fulfillment, or shipping practices. Failure to adequately respond to these changes could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We must distinguish between short-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer an array of products that satisfies a broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product 8 categories or platforms, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster-growing or more profitable categories, demand for our products could decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental, or social implications of certain food and beverage products, ingredients, additives, preservatives or packaging materials could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of our products and marketing programs. Our ability to refine the ingredient and nutrition profiles of and packaging for our products as well as to maintain focus on ethical sourcing and supply chain management opportunities to address evolving consumer preferences are important to our growth. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, our growth depends on our successful development, introduction, and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. We may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. Successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by our competitors (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and augmented reality, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail customers could adversely affect our financial performance. The retail landscape has experienced, and may continue to experience, the consolidation of ownership of retailers and the presence of buying groups resulting in increased purchasing power. Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors in our major markets, may continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer but larger customers for our business across various channels. These larger customers may seek to leverage their positions to improve their profitability by demanding improved efficiency, lower pricing, more favorable terms, increased promotional programs, or specifically tailored product offerings. In addition, larger retailers have scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own private label products. Retail consolidation and increasing retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, technology-based systems, which give consumers the ability to shop through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, are also significantly altering the retail landscape in many of our markets. If we are unable to adjust to developments in these changing landscapes, we may be disadvantaged in key channels and with certain consumers, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could adversely impact us. We derive significant portions of our sales from certain significant customers (see Sales and Customers within Item 1, Business ). Some or all of our significant customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing and focus on developing their own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales or a change in the mix of products we sell to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes related to pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, terminations of relationships with other significant contractual counterparties, including licensors, could adversely affect our portfolio, product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the financial condition of such customers, suppliers, and other significant contractual counterparties are affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deterioration in the financial conditions of significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Maintaining, extending, and expanding our reputation and brand image are essential to our business success. We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition across the globe. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new 9 product offerings. We seek to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Negative perceptions of food and beverage marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and scrutiny of our marketing practices. In 2025, we announced our commitment to remove Food, Drug & Cosmetic (“FD&C”) colors from our U.S. portfolio by the end of 2027. If we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report on our progress toward achieving this goal, it could negatively affect our reputation or brand image. Moreover, adverse publicity about legal or regulatory action against us, our quality and safety, our environmental or social impacts, human capital and governance practices or positions, our products becoming unavailable to consumers, or our suppliers (including as a result of human rights issues) and, in some cases, our competitors, could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ or consumers’ confidence, and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. Furthermore, existing or increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions, and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend, and expand our brands. In addition, our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information, including misinformation, and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products, or our suppliers and, in some cases, our competitors, on social or digital media, whether or not valid, could seriously damage our brands and reputation. In addition, we might fail to appropriately target our marketing efforts, anticipate consumer preferences, or invest sufficiently in maintaining and expanding our brand image. Placement of our advertisements in social and digital media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. If we do not maintain and expand our reputation or brand image, then our product sales, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. We must leverage our brand value to compete against private label products. In nearly all of our product categories, we compete with branded products as well as private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices. Our products must provide higher value or quality to consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value or quality between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors’ products or if consumers perceive such a change. If consumers prefer private label products, then we could lose market share or sales volume, or our product mix could shift to lower margin offerings. A change in consumer preferences could also cause us to increase capital, marketing, and other expenditures, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We may be unable to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms, increase our market share, or add products that are in faster-growing and more profitable categories. Our future results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms as well as growth in the food and beverage industry in the geographies in which we operate. Our future results will also depend on our ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster-growing and more profitable categories or platforms and our ability to increase market share in our existing product categories or platforms. Our failure to drive revenue growth, limit market share decreases in our key product categories or platforms, or develop innovative products for new and existing categories or platforms could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect us. Selling products for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. We have decided and could in the future decide to, and have been or could in the future be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, adulteration, product mislabeling or misbranding, tampering, undeclared allergens, or other deficiencies. Product recalls or market withdrawals could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time. We could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. Adverse attention about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation, discourage consumers from buying our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions that could negatively impact our net sales and financial condition. We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations or if our products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant 10 product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a significant product recall, may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit, or is not pursued to conclusion, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in environmental conditions and responsive legislation or regulation may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The gradual increase in global average temperatures is projected to contribute to significant changes in weather patterns in the regions where we and our suppliers operate, including an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters, and changes in agricultural productivity. Increased natural disasters and decreased agricultural productivity in such regions may limit the availability or increase the cost of the natural resources and commodities used in the production of our products. Changing or severe weather and environmental conditions could also affect our ability, and our suppliers’ ability, to procure necessary commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to increase costs or make additional unplanned capital expenditures. Further, an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters could result in disruptions for us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, co-manufacturers, and distributors and impact our employees’ abilities to commute or work from home effectively. These disruptions could make it more difficult and costly for us to deliver our products, obtain raw materials or other supplies through our supply chain, maintain or resume operations, or perform other critical corporate functions, could reduce customer demand for our products, and could increase the cost of insurance. Additionally, there is a heightened focus by foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to a changing environment, including as a result of climate change, such as regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing or a carbon tax), energy policies, and disclosure obligations. Increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to, and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding, changing environmental conditions and climate change could be costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing and processing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes to our business operations and long-term operating plans, which will likely incur substantial time, attention, and costs. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The effects of a changing environment and responsive legal or regulatory initiatives could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Finally, we might face increasing scrutiny from the media, stockholders, activists, customers, enforcement authorities and other stakeholders who have conflicting views on climate change and other sustainability-related matters. Our published activities, progress, objectives, and priorities on these topics may not satisfy all of our stakeholders and could result in adverse publicity or legal liability and negatively affect consumer preferences for our products, investor confidence in our stock, and our business and reputation. Additionally, we may become the target of litigation, investigations, or other proceedings initiated by government authorities or private actors alleging that our activities or positions related to sustainability-related matters are anti-competitive, discriminatory or otherwise unlawful. From time to time we establish and publicly announce sustainability-related goals, commitments, and aspirations, including to reduce our impact on the environment. Our ability to achieve any stated goal or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. Furthermore, standards for tracking and reporting, as well as our processes and controls for reporting sustainability and other matters across our organization continue to evolve. Sustainability-related disclosures that may be required by the European Union and other foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies (including, but not limited to, the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and the state of California’s climate disclosure requirements), may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. Business Risks The Separation is subject to various risks and uncertainties, involves significant time, expense, and resources and may be further delayed or we may decide to cease work related to the Separation entirely. On September 2, 2025, we announced our intention to separate our company into two independent publicly traded companies through a tax-free spin-off. On February 11, 2026, we announced that the Board has decided to pause work related to the Separation. If work related to the Separation is resumed, the Separation would be subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by the Board, receipt of favorable tax opinions of our U.S. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the Separation, and the effectiveness of appropriate filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 11 Commission. The failure to satisfy any of the required conditions could further delay the completion of the Separation or prevent it from occurring at all. The Separation is complex in nature, and unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in the law, macroeconomic environment, regulatory and political conditions and competitive conditions of our markets, the need both to receive regulatory approvals or clearances and to satisfy the requirements to effectuate a generally tax-free transaction, the uncertainty of the financial markets and challenges in executing the Separation, could further delay or prevent the completion of the Separation or cause the Separation to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. Any changes to the Separation or further delay in completing the Separation could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits, or realize them on a different timeline than currently expected. Further, our Board could decide, either because of a failure of conditions or because of market or other factors, to further delay or abandon the Separation. No assurance can be given as to whether and when the Separation will occur. Whether or not we complete the Separation, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and we may be subject to certain risks and consequences if we pursue the Separation, including the following: • The process of completing the Separation will be time-consuming and involve significant additional costs and expenses, which may not yield a discernible benefit if the Separation is not completed, and pausing efforts on the Separation could lead to higher execution costs and expenses, if we resume efforts to pursue the Separation, than we would have otherwise incurred without such pause. • Executing the Separation will require significant time and attention from our senior management and employees, which may divert management’s attention from operating and growing our business and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. • We may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining, and motivating employees during the pendency of the Separation and following completion of the Separation, which could harm our businesses. • The assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process, including with respect to the Separation may prove to be faulty and/or inaccurate. • Some of our customers or suppliers may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with us. • We may experience negative reactions from the financial markets if we fail to complete the Separation or fail to complete it on a timely basis. • The announcement of the Separation, and any changes regarding the timing of the Separation, may create greater volatility in the trading price of our shares and potentially cause market prices to decline. Any of the above factors could cause the Separation (or the failure to execute the Separation) to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The Separation if completed, may not achieve the anticipated benefits and will expose us to new risks. We may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, or other benefits from the Separation if completed. We cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the Separation will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. If the Separation is completed, our operational and financial profile will change and we will face new risks. As independent, publicly traded companies, the newly created companies will each be smaller, less-diversified companies and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. There is no assurance that following the Separation each separated company will be successful. The announcement and/or completion of the Separation, as well as any delays relating to the completion of the Separation, may cause uncertainty for or disruptions with our customers, partners, suppliers, and employees, which may negatively impact these relationships or our operations. In addition, we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the Separation, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the two businesses will no longer be able to share. Those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. Further, our future effective tax rate, which is impacted by a number of factors including changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in geographic mix of income, changes in expenses not deductible for tax, and changes in available tax credits, may be negatively impacted for each separated company due to deviations in these factors from our current estimates, such as changes to our current assessments of the realization of existing deferred tax assets. If we do not realize the intended benefits or if our costs exceed our estimates, the separated businesses could suffer a material adverse effect on their respective business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The Separation if completed, may adversely impact our ability to access the capital markets and our cost of capital. The Separation may have the effect of, among other things: • Requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow to our debt, including, without limitation, the payment of principal and interest, payment of costs associated with the refinancing, repayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or exchange of the Company’s outstanding debt, and payment of costs associated with the Separation, which will 12 reduce funds we have available for other purposes. • Exposing us to interest rate risk at the time of refinancing outstanding debt or on the portion of our debt obligations that are issued at variable rates. • Increasing the borrowing costs associated with the re-allocation or taking on of new debt. • Although we expect to maintain investment grade ratings, resulting in downgrades of our credit ratings leading to increased borrowing costs to the Company. Our primary sources of liquidity to finance operations, including stock repurchases and dividends on our common stock, is cash generated by our businesses and access to the debt capital markets. Further, in connection with the Separation, we may repay, redeem, repurchase, defease, discharge or exchange some or all of our senior notes, of which there are approximately $20.9 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding, with maturities in years starting in 2026 through 2050. If our ability to continue to raise money in the debt capital markets is impaired, or if there is a significant increase in the cost of debt, there could be an adverse effect on our liquidity. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, it could impact our current operations, activities under our current and future stock buyback programs, and our growth opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If the Separation and/or certain related transactions do not qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and our stockholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding that we intend to structure the Separation to generally be a tax-free transaction, there is no assurance that the spin-off and/or certain related transactions will qualify for this treatment. If the spin-off and/or certain related transactions are completed and are ultimately determined to be taxable, we and our stockholders could be subject to significant U.S. federal income taxes. Following the Separation, the price of shares of the Company’s common stock may fluctuate significantly. The Company cannot predict the effect of the Separation on the trading price of shares of its common stock, and the market value of shares of its common stock may be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of shares of its common stock prior to the Separation. In addition, the price of the Company’s common stock may be more volatile around the time of the Separation. We may not successfully identify, complete, or realize the benefits from strategic acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, joint ventures, or investments. From time to time, we have evaluated and may continue to evaluate acquisition candidates, divestiture opportunities, alliances, joint ventures, or investments that may strategically fit our business objectives. These activities may present financial managerial, and operational risks including, but not limited to, diversion of management’s attention from existing core businesses; adverse effects on existing or acquired customer and supplier business relationships; and potential disputes with buyers, sellers, or partners. Further, such activities in certain areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the United States, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere. We have in the past and may in the future be required to obtain approval of these transactions by competition authorities or to satisfy other legal requirements, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals or satisfy such requirements, each of which may result in additional costs, time delays, or our inability to complete such transactions, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. To the extent we undertake acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, or investments we may face difficulties integrating, or be unable to integrate, the new business operations within our current sourcing, distribution, information technology systems, and control environment. Additionally, we may face risks related to the integration of personnel. Further, for these activities which occur in foreign jurisdiction, we may be subject to additional risks as discussed below under the risk factor titled “ Our international operations subject us to additional risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline. ” To the extent we pursue divestiture opportunities, we may face additional risks related to such activities. For example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, obtain applicable regulatory and governmental approvals, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. Further, our divestiture activities have in the past required, and may in the future require, us to recognize impairment charges. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We may not successfully complete any planned strategic initiatives, including achieving any previously announced productivity efficiencies and financial targets, any new business may not be profitable or meet our expectations, or any divestiture may not be completed without disruption. Any of these challenges could hinder our success in new markets or new distribution 13 channels, and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our international operations subject us to additional risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline. We are a global company with sales and operations in numerous countries within developed and emerging markets. Approximately 33% of our 2025 net sales were generated outside of the United States. As a result, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by market, are described in many of the risk factors discussed in this section, and also include: • compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including anti-bribery and corruption laws such as the FCPA; • changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, tax laws or their interpretations, or tax audit implications; • the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, or similar restrictions on our sales or imports (including those that may affect our sourcing operations and the availability of raw materials and commodities), trade agreements, regulations, taxes, or policies that might negatively affect our sales or costs; • foreign currency devaluations or fluctuations in foreign currency values, including risks arising from the significant and rapid fluctuations in foreign currency exchange markets and the decisions made and positions taken to hedge such volatility; • compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, human rights laws, and a variety of other local, national, and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple jurisdictions; • discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies in or across foreign jurisdictions; • changes in capital controls, including foreign currency exchange controls, governmental foreign currency policies, or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States; • challenges associated with cross-border product distribution, including economic sanctions, export controls, and labor restrictions; • changes in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources; • risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, military conflict, corruption, anti-American sentiment, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate; • the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application, and enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights; • changing labor conditions and difficulties in staffing our operations; • greater risk of uncollectible accounts or trade receivables and longer collection cycles; and • design, implementation, and use of effective control environment processes across our various operations and employee base. Slow economic growth, inflation, or high unemployment in the markets in which we operate could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, trade dress, copyrights, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and trade dress laws, as well as licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements, policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property, and securing our information technology systems. Our failure to develop or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our technology, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, business, and financial condition. We also license certain intellectual property, most notably trademarks, from third parties. To the extent that we are not able to contract with these third parties on favorable terms or maintain our relationships with these third parties, our rights to use certain intellectual property could be impacted, which may adversely impact our results from operations. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands, or products. Any 14 litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products. We may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future initiatives to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, or improve our competitiveness. We have evaluated and implemented a number of strategic initiatives with the intention of enabling us to reduce costs, improve productivity, and improve our competitiveness. Our future success may depend upon our ability to realize the benefits of these or other cost-saving initiatives. In addition, certain of our initiatives may lead to increased costs in other aspects of our business such as increased conversion, outsourcing, or distribution costs. We must accurately predict anticipated costs and be efficient in executing any plans to achieve these initiatives. To capitalize on our efforts, we must carefully evaluate investments in our business and execute in those areas with the most potential return on investment, and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food and beverage industry, particularly in an environment of increased competition. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from these efforts, we could be cost disadvantaged in the marketplace, and our competitiveness, production, profitability, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has the ability to exert influence over us and significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval. As of January 16, 2026, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire Hathaway”) owns approximately 27.5% of our common stock. As a result, Berkshire Hathaway has influence over any action requiring the approval of the holders of our common stock, including adopting any amendments to our charter, electing directors, and approving mergers or sales of substantially all of our capital stock or assets. In addition, Berkshire Hathaway is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Berkshire Hathaway may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those opportunities may not be available to us. Financial Risks Our level of indebtedness, as well as our ability to comply with covenants under our debt instruments, could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and are permitted to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, including secured debt. Our existing debt, together with any incurrence of additional indebtedness, could have important consequences, including, but not limited to: • increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, research and development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; • resulting in a downgrade to our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, including our commercial paper programs, liquidity, and access to capital markets; • restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; • limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are not as highly leveraged; • making it more difficult for us to make payments on our existing indebtedness; • requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, payments of dividends, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, and future business opportunities; • exposing us to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency, as we earn profits in a variety of foreign currencies and the majority of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars; and • in the case of any additional indebtedness, exacerbating the risks associated with our substantial financial leverage. In addition, we may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or future debt or equity financings may not be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other needs. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Our debt instruments contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including a financial covenant in our senior 15 unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Senior Credit Facility”) to maintain a minimum shareholders’ equity balance (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income/(losses)). The creditors who hold our debt could accelerate amounts due in the event that we default, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of the maturity of our other debt. If our operating performance declines, or if we are unable to comply with any covenant, such as our ability to timely prepare and file our periodic reports with the SEC, we have in the past needed and may in the future need to obtain waivers from the required creditors under our debt instruments to avoid being in default. If we breach any covenants under our debt instruments and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required creditors, or we may not be able to remedy compliance within the terms of any waivers approved by the required creditors. If this occurs, we would be in default under our debt instruments and unable to access our Senior Credit Facility. In addition, certain creditors could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Additional impairments of the carrying amounts of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. As of December 27, 2025, we maintain 10 reporting units globally, six of which comprise our goodwill balance. Our indefinite-lived intangible asset balance primarily consists of a number of individual brands . As of December 27, 2025 , we had goodwill and intangible assets with a total carrying amount of $59.7 billion . In 2025 , we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment losses of $9.3 billion related to these assets. We test our reporting units and brands for impairment annually as of the first day of our third quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or brand is less than its carrying amount. Such events and circumstances could include a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, increased competition or unexpected loss of market share, increased input costs beyond projections, disposals of significant brands or components of our business, unexpected business disruptions (for example due to a natural disaster, pandemic, or loss of a customer, supplier, or other significant business relationship), unexpected significant declines in operating results, significant adverse changes in the markets in which we operate, changes in income tax rates, changes in interest rates, or changes in management strategy. We test reporting units for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. We test brands for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each brand with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit or brand exceeds its estimated fair value, we record an impairment loss based on the difference between fair value and carrying amount, in the case of reporting units, not to exceed the associated carrying amount of goodwill. Reporting units and brands that have 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount as of the 2025 annual impairment test performed as of June 29, 2025 had an aggregate carrying value of $37.2 billion as of the date of 2025 annual impairment test. These reporting units and brands have a heightened risk of future impairments if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors change in the future. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, and market factors. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units and brands requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry, economic, and regulatory conditions, and to consider the market multiples of certain peer and guideline companies. These assumptions and estimates include estimated future annual cash flows (including net sales, cost of products sold, SG&A, depreciation and amortization, working capital, and capital expenditures), income tax rates, discount rates, long-term growth rates, royalty rates, contributory asset charges, and other market factors. If current expectations of future growth rates and margins are not met, if market factors outside of our control change; such as discount rates, market capitalization, income tax rates, foreign currency exchange rates, or inflation, or if management’s expectations or plans otherwise change, including updates to our long-term operating plans, then one or more of our reporting units or brands might become impaired in the future, which could negatively affect our operating results or net worth. Furthermore, changes in reporting units, including as a result of integrating a new acquisition into an existing reporting unit that has a fair value below carrying amount of goodwill, have led, and could in the future lead, to an impairment of goodwill. Additionally, any decisions to divest certain non-strategic assets could lead to future goodwill or intangible asset impairments. See Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible Assets in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for additional information on our goodwill and intangible assets. Our net sales and net income may be exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. We derive a substantial portion of our net sales from international markets. We hold assets, incur liabilities, earn revenue, and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Canadian dollar, euro, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Russian ruble, Indonesian rupiah, and New Zealand dollar. Since our consolidated financial statements are reported in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates from period to period, which have been more volatile recently, will have an impact on our reported results. We have implemented foreign currency hedges intended to reduce our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, these hedging strategies may not be successful, and any of our unhedged foreign exchange exposures will continue to be subject to market fluctuations. In addition, in certain circumstances, we may incur costs in one currency related to services or products for which 16 we are paid in a different currency. As a result, factors associated with our international operations, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. Commodity, energy, and other input prices are volatile and could negatively affect our consolidated operating results. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including dairy products, meat products, sugar and other sweeteners, coffee, tomato products, soybean and vegetable oils, eggs, other fruits and vegetables, and wheat and processed grains to manufacture our products. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of plastics, resin, cardboard, glass, paper and metal to package our products, and we use other inputs, such as electricity, natural gas, and water, to operate our facilities. We are also exposed to changes in oil prices, including diesel fuel, which influence both our packaging and transportation costs. Prices for commodities, energy, and other supplies are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict, particularly due to inflationary pressures, due in part to changes in governmental regulation, including the recent tariff and trade policy actions taken by the United States and foreign governments. Further, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, input cost volatility due global competition for resources, foreign currency fluctuations, geopolitical conditions or conflicts, cybersecurity incidents, severe weather, natural disasters, global climate change, water risk, pandemics, crop failures, crop shortages due to plant disease or insect and other pest infestation, changes in consumer demand, alternative energy initiatives, including increased demand for biofuels, and agricultural programs. Additionally, we may be unable to maintain favorable arrangements with respect to the costs of procuring raw materials, packaging, services, and transporting products, which could result in increased expenses and negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, the cost of raw materials and finished products may fluctuate due to changes in cross-currency transaction rates. Rising commodity, energy, and other input costs could materially and adversely affect our cost of operations, including the manufacture, transportation, and distribution of our products, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Although we monitor our exposure to commodity and other input prices as an integral part of our overall risk management program, and seek to hedge against input price increases to the extent we deem appropriate, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw materials costs. For example, hedging our costs for one of our key commodities, dairy products, is difficult because dairy futures markets are not as liquid as many other commodities futures markets. Continued volatility or sustained increases in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer. Moreover, increases in the prices of our products to cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes, or we may be constrained from increasing the prices of our products by competitive and consumer pressures. If we are not successful in our hedging activities, or if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, then commodity and other input price volatility or increases could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In 2025, we experienced increased inflationary pressures in our supply chain costs compared to the prior year period, due in part to the tariff and trade policy actions taken by the United States and foreign governments during the year. We expect these inflationary trends to moderate through 2026, although there continues to be significant uncertainty. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation through pricing actions and efficiency initiatives, if these measures are not effective our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, we expect that there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost inflation is incurred. Additionally, the pricing actions we take have, in some instances, negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact our market share. Volatility in the market value of all or a portion of the derivatives we use to manage exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices may cause volatility in our gross profit and net income. We use commodity futures, options, and swaps to economically hedge the price of certain input costs, including dairy products, vegetable oils, coffee beans, corn, wheat products, sugar cane and meat products. We recognize gains and losses based on changes in the values of these commodity derivatives. We recognize these gains and losses in cost of products sold in our consolidated statements of income. We recognize the unrealized gains and losses on these commodity derivatives in general corporate expenses until realized; once realized, the gains and losses are recorded in the applicable segment’s operating results. Accordingly, changes in the values of our commodity derivatives may cause volatility in our gross profit and net income. Regulatory Risks Our compliance with laws and regulations, and related legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions, could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. As a large, global food and beverage company, we operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Various laws and regulations govern our practices including, but not limited to, those related to advertising and marketing, product claims and labeling, food production and nutritional requirements, environmental matters (including climate change), packaging and waste management (including packaging containing PFAS), intellectual property, 17 consumer protection and product liability, commercial disputes, trade and export controls, anti-trust, data privacy, labor and employment, workplace health and safety, forced labor, and tax. As a consequence, we face a heightened risk of legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the imposition of new laws, changes in laws or regulatory requirements or changing interpretations thereof, and differing or competing regulations and standards across the markets where our products are made, manufactured, distributed, and sold have in the past and could continue to result in higher compliance costs, capital expenditures, and higher production costs, adversely impacting our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, claims about the health impacts of consumption of our products, or ingredients, additives, preservatives, components, or substances present or allegedly present in those products or packaging, including in connection with the development, manufacture, and marketing of our products, have resulted in, and could in the future result in, us being subject to regulations, fines, lawsuits (including but not limited to pending litigation alleging that certain of our products are “ultra-processed” and consuming them causes adverse health impacts, allegations with which we strongly disagree), or taxes, or may cause us to change the way in which we operate which could adversely impact our profitability, financial condition, or operating results. As a result of any such legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions, we could be subject to monetary judgments, settlements, and civil and criminal actions, including fines, injunctions, product recalls, penalties, disgorgement of profits, or activity restrictions, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We evaluate these legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and disclose relevant material litigation claims, legal proceedings, or regulatory enforcement actions as appropriate and in accordance with SEC rules and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Our assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. In addition, even if a claim is unsuccessful, without merit, or not pursued to completion, the cost of defending against or responding to such a claim, including expenses and management time, could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately and timely report our financial results, which could negatively impact our business, investor confidence, and the price of our common stock. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process, and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation, investigations, or penalties; negatively affect our liquidity, our access to capital markets, perceptions of our creditworthiness, our ability to complete acquisitions, our ability to maintain compliance with covenants under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements regarding the timely filing of periodic reports, or investor confidence in our financial reporting; or cause defaults, accelerations, or cross-accelerations under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements to the extent we are unable to obtain waivers from the required creditors or counterparties or to cure any breaches, any of which may require management resources or cause our stock price to decline. A downgrade in our credit rating could adversely impact interest costs or access to future borrowings. Our borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term credit ratings assigned by rating organizations. A decrease in these credit ratings could limit our access to capital markets and increase our borrowing costs, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. As of the date of this filing, our long-term debt is rated BBB with a stable outlook from S&P Global Ratings, BBB with a rating watch negative outlook from Fitch Ratings, and Baa2 with ratings under review for downgrade from Moody’s Investor Services, Inc. Registered Securities Risks Sales of our common stock in the public market could cause volatility in the price of our common stock or cause the share price to fall. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, including sales of our common stock by Berkshire Hathaway, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. A sustained depression in the market price of our common stock has happened and could in the future happen, which could also reduce our market capitalization below the book value of net assets, which could increase the likelihood of recognizing goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment losses that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Kraft Heinz and Berkshire Hathaway are party to a registration rights agreement requiring us to register for resale under the Securities Act all registrable shares held by Berkshire Hathaway, which represents all shares of our common stock held by Berkshire Hathaway as of the date of the closing of the 2015 Merger. As of January 16, 2026, registrable shares represented approximately 27.5% of all outstanding shares of our common stock. Although the registrable shares are subject to certain 18 holdback and suspension periods, the registrable shares are not subject to a “lock-up” or similar restriction under the registration rights agreement. Accordingly, offers and sales of a large number of registrable shares may be made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the registration rights agreement. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, on January 20, 2026, we filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC to register for resale up to 325,442,152 shares of our common stock held by Berkshire Hathaway. The filing of the prospectus supplement was made solely to register these shares for resale, does not itself constitute a sale of any shares, and does not necessarily mean that Berkshire Hathaway will sell any or all of the registered shares. If any of these registered shares are sold, we will not receive any proceeds from those sales. Because the registered shares represent a significant portion of the outstanding shares of our common stock, any future sales by Berkshire Hathaway could materially increase the number of shares being traded in the public market and may materially increase the volatility of, and cause a decrease in, the price of our common stock. In addition, the filing of the prospectus supplement and the perception of future sales by Berkshire Hathaway have already contributed to increased volatility of our common stock and could continue to affect the volatility of our common stock in the future. Our share repurchase program may not be fully consummated and the anticipated enhanced long-term stockholder value may not be realized, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock. In November 2023, the Board authorized the Company to repurchase up to $3.0 billion, exclusive of fees, of our outstanding common stock through December 26, 2026. As of December 27, 2025, we had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of approximately $1.5 billion. Our repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. The timing and amount of any repurchases, if any, will depend on factors such as our historical and expected business performance and cash and liquidity positions, the price of our stock, economic and market conditions, and corporate and regulatory requirements. Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time. We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase shares or conduct future share repurchase programs, or that any such programs, even if fully implemented, will result in long-term increases to stockholder value. Any failure to fully implement our repurchase program may negatively impact our reputation, investor confidence, and the price of the Company’s common stock. Our ability to pay regular dividends to our stockholders and the amounts of any such dividends are subject to the discretion of the Board and may be limited by our financial condition, debt agreements, or limitations under Delaware law. Although it is currently anticipated that we will continue to pay regular quarterly dividends, any such determination to pay dividends and the amounts thereof will be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, income, legal requirements, including limitations under Delaware law, debt agreements, and other factors the Board deems relevant. The Board has previously decided, and may in the future decide, in its sole discretion, to change the amount or frequency of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. For these reasons, stockholders will not be able to rely on dividends to receive a return on investment. Accordingly, realization of any gain on shares of our common stock may depend on the appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may not occur. General Risk Factors Disruptions in the global economy caused by geopolitical conflicts could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Escalation of geopolitical tensions related to military conflict, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer demand, increased cyberattacks, and impacts on foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although we do not have operations in Ukraine, and our business in Russia generated approximately 1% of our consolidated net sales for the year ended December 27, 2025, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has caused, and could continue to cause, negative impacts on our business and the global economy. Governments in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and European Union have each imposed export controls and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Further, the Russian government has placed restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from Russian entities, making it more difficult to operate in Russia and to repatriate cash to other jurisdictions from our Russian business, which had a cash and cash equivalents balance equal to approximately $140 million as of December 27, 2025. Failure to comply with applicable sanctions and measures could subject us to regulatory penalties, temporary or permanent loss of assets, or our ability to conduct business operations in Russia. While less than 1% of consolidated total assets are located in Russia as of December 27, 2025, our Russian assets may be partially or fully impaired in future periods, or our business operations terminated, based on actions taken by Russia, other parties, or us. The effects of current geopolitical conflicts as well as potential future geopolitical tensions, could heighten many of our known risks described in this Item 1A, Risk Factors . Unanticipated business disruptions and natural events in the locations in which we or our customers, suppliers, distributors, 19 or regulators operate could adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers or our results of operations. We have a complex network of suppliers, owned and leased manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks, and information systems that support our ability to consistently provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as weather or other geological events or natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, or wild fires (whether as a result of climate change or otherwise), raw material shortages, fires or explosions, political unrest, geopolitical conflicts, terrorism, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation, generalized labor unrest or labor shortages, cybersecurity incidents, or pandemics, could damage or disrupt our operations or the operations of our customers, suppliers, vendors, co-manufacturers, distributors, or regulators. These factors include, but are not limited to: • natural disasters, labor strikes, or other disruptions at any of our facilities or our suppliers’ or distributors’ facilities may impair or delay the delivery of our products; and • illness of our workforce, or the workforce of third parties with which we do business, due to influenza or pandemics, could disrupt production of our products in one or more of our manufacturing facilities, or cause our suppliers, vendors, distributors, or third-party manufacturers to fail to meet their obligations to us. These or other disruptions may require additional resources to restore our supply chain or distribution network. While we insure against many of these events and certain business interruption risks and have policies and procedures to manage business continuity planning, such insurance may not compensate us for any losses incurred and our business continuity plans may not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner. To the extent we are unable to respond to disruptions in our operations, whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations; to quickly repair damage to our information, production, or supply systems; or to financially mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or effectively manage them if they occur, we may be late in delivering, or unable to deliver, products to our customers or to track orders, inventory, receivables, and payables. If that occurs, our customers’ confidence in us and long-term demand for our products could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Our performance may be adversely affected by economic and political conditions in the United States and in various other nations where we do business. Our performance has been in the past and may continue in the future to be impacted by economic and political conditions in the United States and in other nations where we do business. Economic and financial uncertainties in our international markets, changes to major international trade arrangements, and the imposition of increased or new tariffs by the U.S. federal government, as well as retaliatory tariffs by certain foreign governments have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact our operations and sales. Other factors impacting our operations in the United States and in international locations where we do business include changes in laws, export and import restrictions, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency devaluation, cash repatriation restrictions, recessionary conditions, governmental subsidies provided to our consumers such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (“SNAP”) in the U.S., foreign ownership restrictions, nationalization, the impact of hyperinflationary environments, a potential U.S. federal government shutdown, terrorist acts, political unrest, and military conflict. Such factors in either domestic or foreign jurisdictions, and our responses to them, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We rely on our management team and other key personnel and may be unable to hire or retain key personnel or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We depend on the skills, working relationships, and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel and a diverse global workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business. Unplanned turnover, failure to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities or failure to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions, including the Chief Executive Officer position, could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Additionally, the Separation, including any failure to adequately address the plans for leadership positions for the two independent companies post-Separation, may cause us to experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining, and motivating employees during the pendency of the Separation and following completion of the Separation, and harm our businesses. Further, equity-based compensation is a key component of our compensation program and essential for attracting and retaining qualified personnel. As a result, the lack of positive performance in our stock price may adversely affect our ability to attract or retain key personnel. Changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate skilled employees. Any such loss, failure, or limitation could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We are significantly dependent on information technology, and we may be unable to protect our information systems against 20 service interruption, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our locations, personnel, customers, and suppliers. These information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, invasions, disruptions, or shutdowns due to hardware failures, computer viruses, hacker attacks and other cybersecurity risks, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophic events, or other factors. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, and the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, by unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors or by cyberattacks, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience business disruptions, reputational damage, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the leakage of confidential information, and the loss of customers and sales, causing our product sales, financial condition, and operating results to be adversely affected and the reporting of our financial results to be delayed. While we have developed and implemented security measures and internal controls designed to protect against cyber and other security threats, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing future security breaches. Moreover, these threats are constantly evolving, thereby making it more difficult to successfully defend against them or to implement adequate preventative measures. We may not have the current capability to detect certain vulnerabilities, which may allow those vulnerabilities to persist in our systems over long periods of time. Additionally, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. These factors may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. In the past, we have experienced security incidents resulting from unauthorized access to or use of our systems or those of third parties, which to date, have not had a mat