 You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. Many risks discussed in this report also impact our investment vehicles, portfolio companies and other investments, including balance sheet investments, which may, in turn, materially and adversely impact KKR. When discussing our risks in this report, unless the context requires otherwise, references to (i) our investments include our portfolio companies, which are typically companies in which we have a controlling equity interest or other investment with significant influence, (ii) investors refers to the investors in our funds and other investment vehicles, and (iii) investments that we make or own on our balance sheet include the portfolio companies reported in our Strategic Holdings segment and investments held by our insurance subsidiaries. We could also be materially and adversely affected by other risks that are not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. The following risk factors have been organized by category within risks related to our business, regulatory framework, investment activities, insurance activities, and our organizational structure; however, many of the risks are interrelated, and as a result, should be read together to fully understand the risks involved with investing in our securities. See also “Business—Regulation” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a discussion of certain business, competitive, regulatory, market, economic and other conditions that may materially and adversely affect us. Risks Related to Our Business Difficult market and economic conditions can, and periodically do, materially and adversely affect KKR. Our business is materially affected by market and economic conditions and events throughout the world, including conditions relating to interest rates, fiscal and monetary stimulus (and stimulus withdrawal), availability of credit, inflation rates, economic growth, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and controls, and liquidity conditions in equity and debt capital markets. These market and economic conditions are not in our control and are often difficult, if not impossible, to predict, manage, mitigate, hedge or foresee. Examples of how market and economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our business and financial results include negative impacts to us from any or all of the following: • the performance and value of the investments held by us and our investment vehicles, • opportunities for us and our investment vehicles to make, exit and realize value from our and their investments, • our ability to find suitable investments or secure financing for investments on attractive terms, or at all, • the attractiveness of our investment vehicles and insurance products to investors and policyholders, respectively, including our ability to raise capital for new or successor funds and other investment vehicles on attractive terms, • the frequency and size of fees generated from our capital markets business in connection with the issuance and placement of equity and debt securities, loans and credit facilities, • the availability and cost of capital for our insurance subsidiaries and our investment vehicles’ portfolio companies, • policyholder behavior, including policyholders electing to defer paying insurance premiums, stop paying insurance premiums altogether, or surrender their policies, and • the cost of providing guaranteed insurance benefits, insurance capital requirements and collateral requirements. See also “—Risks Related to our Investment Activities—Various conditions and events outside of our control that are difficult to quantify or predict may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments” below. Global, regional and local events outside of our control, including geopolitical events and natural disasters, could materially and adversely impact KKR. We are a global financial institution with operations, investors and investments located around the world. Geopolitical developments, including the imposition of protectionist measures by countries such as sanctions, restrictions on foreign direct investment, trade barriers, tariffs, export controls and other governmental actions related to international trade agreements and policies that materially constrain cross-border flows of capital, goods, or data, may impact our investment activities and investments. In addition, other geopolitical developments such as political instability, civil unrest, and national and international security events (including the outbreak of war, military action, terrorist acts or other hostilities), can, and occasionally do, materially and adversely impact our ability to conduct our investment management and insurance 32 Table of Contents businesses, in addition to our investments. These risks have increased in both scale and complexity due to intensifying geopolitical competition and conflicts, including the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, instability in the Middle East, heightened geopolitical competition between China and other major world economies, heightened levels of political populism leading to regulatory volatility, growing use of industrial policy globally (including the imposition of tariffs and other trade and capital barriers), and increased attention to global threats. We are subject to these risks as we own and seek to own businesses throughout the world, have offices and employees in multiple countries and seek investors throughout the world for our investment products and certain of our insurance products. We are also affected by natural disasters or catastrophes, such as public health crises, pandemics, epidemics, security events, and weather events, any of which could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our investment management and insurance businesses. Potential changes in climatic conditions, together with the response or failure to respond to these changes, could precipitate the frequency, severity, and impact of natural disasters or catastrophes. Such events outside of our control could limit or even materially prohibit our ability to conduct any operations or investment activities in certain locations. In addition, claims arising from the occurrence of such events could have an adverse effect on our insurance activities, in particular with respect to increases in the number of claims, lapses and surrenders of existing policies, as well as sales of new policies. These events outside of our control, and actions taken in response to them, may contribute to significant volatility in the financial markets, resulting in increased volatility in equity prices (including our common stock), valuation, material interest rate changes, supply chain disruptions, such as simultaneous supply and demand shock to global, regional and national economies, and an increase in inflationary pressures. These events and the disruptions that they cause, alone or in combination, also have the potential to strain or deplete our infrastructure and response capabilities generally, and to increase costs, including costs of insurance, each of which could materially and adversely affect us. See also “—Risks Related to Our Investment Activities—Investments in real assets may expose us and our investment vehicles to greater risks, liabilities and operational complexities than investments in operating companies.” We may have direct investments in a region or a country that is experiencing one of the aforementioned events, and we may also be materially and adversely affected by the occurrence of such events as a result of indirect exposure that our portfolio companies or other investments may have through other interconnectivities such as supply chains, commodity prices and general macroeconomic exposure. These events, including barriers to investment between the U.S. and other countries or regions, could chill or limit business opportunities, adversely impact the value of our investments, increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by portfolio companies, and adversely affect the revenues and profitability of portfolio companies. The loss of key personnel or their services, or any misconduct by key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on KKR. Our Co-Founders, Co-Chief Executive Officers, employees, and other key personnel, including certain consultants and advisors, possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with investors in our investment funds, other members of the business community and distributors of our investment vehicles and insurance products. As a result, the loss of key personnel could jeopardize our relationships with these individuals and entities, result in the reduction of AUM or investment opportunities, or render us unable to maintain operations and support growth of our businesses. The loss of services of key personnel could also harm our ability to maintain or grow AUM in existing investment vehicles or raise additional funds in the future. Competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of qualified employees and consultants, including those with industry-specific expertise. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new investment professionals, insurance professionals, other employees, and consultants and retain them accordingly. In addition, changes in employee compensation as a result of the modification of our compensation framework or poor investment or financial performance may impact our ability to hire, retain, and motivate our employees whom we depend. Furthermore, the agreements governing our committed capital funds generally provide that in the event certain “key persons” cease to actively manage an investment vehicle or be substantially involved in KKR activities, investors in the investment vehicle may reduce, in whole or in part, their capital commitments available for further investments on an investor-by-investor basis, which could indirectly lead to a limitation on the fund’s ability to conduct its business or cause us to agree to unfavorable terms to continue the affected fund. Although we periodically engage in discussions with the limited partners of our funds regarding a waiver of such provisions with respect to executives involved in geographically or product focused funds whose departures have occurred or are anticipated, such waiver is not guaranteed, and our limited partners’ refusal to provide a waiver may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 33 Table of Contents If we cannot retain and motivate our employees and other key personnel or recruit, retain and motivate new employees and other key personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our employees and other key personnel is dependent on our ability to offer highly attractive incentive opportunities, benefits, and compensation, which frequently includes allocating a portion of the carried interest that we earn from our investment vehicles, which we refer to as the carry pool. There can be no assurance that the carry pool will have sufficient cash available to continue to make cash payments in the future, and fluctuations from the distributions generated from the carry pool could render the compensation that KKR separately pays to them to be less attractive. In order to retain and motivate our employees and other key personnel, we may be required to pay them a higher amount of non-carry cash compensation to retain and motivate them. The loss, or ineffectiveness of any incentive compensation plans, including as a result of any adverse changes in regulation or tax law that impacts certain forms of incentives or other remuneration that we may typically offer employees, such as carried interest, may cause us to incur additional expenses to pay competitively with other firms, which could materially and adversely affect KKR. In addition, legal and regulatory developments outside of our control may impact our ability to successfully identify, hire, and promote employees and other key personnel and may necessitate changes to employment compensation practices. We seek to retain our employees by having them agree to a confidentiality and restrictive covenants agreement. However, there is no guarantee that the confidentiality and restrictive covenant agreements to which they are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving us, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us. Depending on which entity is a party to these agreements and the laws applicable to them, we may not be able to, or may choose not to, enforce them or become subject to lawsuits or other claims, and certain of these agreements might be waived, modified or amended at any time without our consent. Many countries and states within the U.S. in which we operate have proposed, considered, or have already adopted, laws and rules which significantly limit or ban noncompete clauses between employers and their employees, which could both limit our ability to enter into such restrictive covenants and our ability to enforce them. Even where enforceable, these agreements expire after a certain period of time, at which point our former employees will be free to compete against us. From time to time, our firm, our investment vehicles, our portfolio companies and other investments, or our employees may be a focus of public attention or media coverage, and these circumstances, as well as broader social and political tensions, may increase the risk of harassment, threats, acts of violence or other personal safety and security incidents directed at our personnel, including our senior executives, both inside and outside the workplace. We have implemented, and expect to continue to, implement or expand security measures for our senior executives and other key employees, such as physical security, secure transportation, travel restrictions and monitoring or protective services for them and, in some cases, their families. Such measures can be costly and may not be effective in preventing all incidents. Any actual or threatened harm to the personal safety of our employees, or perceived failure to protect them adequately, could materially adversely affect us, including our ability to attract and retain talent. Our business could also be damaged by the misconduct of, or allegations of misconduct of, our employees or other key personnel. Misconduct by our employees or other key personnel could impair our ability to retain and recruit employees, to attract and retain clients and investors, and may subject us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm. Our reliance on third parties in the operation of our business exposes us to operational, reputational and other risks. We rely significantly on third parties whom we do not control for significant support and assistance with various aspects of our business, including for investment activities, accounting, record keeping, data processing, and other operations. These third parties include technology service providers, financial intermediaries and advisers, law firms, accountants, administrators, lenders, broker dealers, distribution agents, consultants, and other vendors. We generally have less control over the delivery of third-party services and, as a result, may face disruptions to our ability to operate our business as a result of interruptions of such services. We may also be held liable if those third-party service providers, their employees or their own third-party service providers are found to have committed negligence, violated laws or engaged in misconduct. For example, in the past, Global Atlantic was the subject of policyholder and agent class action litigation matters and a number of regulatory matters stemming from service disruptions caused by a third-party administrator for certain Global Atlantic life insurance policies. While Global Atlantic outsources policyholder administration to third-party, it is responsible under insurance regulations and insurance contracts for servicing. We rely heavily on the systems of third parties who provide technology services to us, including as part of our information technology infrastructure. Our data processing systems, communication lines and networks are often supported by third-party service providers, vendors, and intermediaries. A disaster, disruption, error or inability to operate or provide 34 Table of Contents any of these services by us or our vendors or third parties with whom we conduct business could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. While we have endeavored to mitigate the risk of other disruptions in the future, there can be no guarantee these mitigation efforts will be successful. We may experience material reputational impacts and heightened regulatory scrutiny as a result of these matters. Any interruption or failure of our information technology infrastructure caused directly or indirectly by third-party service providers could result in our inability to provide services to our clients, other disruptions of our business, corruption or modifications to our data and fraudulent transfers or requests for transfers of money or the inability to demonstrate compliance with regulatory requirements. Our third-party service providers could experience, and have experienced, certain cyber incidents, and as a result, unauthorized individuals have gained access to our clients’, and could improperly gain access to our, confidential data through such third parties. Any cybersecurity incidents involving these third parties could impair the quality of our operations and could impact our reputation and materially and adversely affect us. We may also have insufficient recourse against such third parties and may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. Actions taken by our third-party service providers may also damage our reputation. We consider our reputation critical to attracting and retaining investors, maintaining our relationships with regulators and being viewed as an attractive investment partner. As a result, any negative publicity or negative public perception regarding a third-party service provider’s actions on our behalf may damage our relationships with existing and potential investors, employees, regulators and other stakeholders, impair our ability to raise capital, adversely impact the ability of our investment vehicles to make and exit investments, and impair our ability to carry out investment activities generally. We also specifically depend on the services of various financial intermediaries (including banks, prime brokers, custodians, paying agents and escrow agents), counterparties, administrators and other agents, including to carry out certain credit, securities, derivatives and hedging transactions, subjecting us to the risk that one or more of these counterparties defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the applicable contract. We may enter into financial arrangements with a limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) with these counterparties. If such a counterparty defaults, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty that has a significant number of our contracts, we may be materially adversely affected. In the event of the insolvency of a financial intermediary that is holding our assets as collateral (to the extent not adequately segregated) or that is required to make payments to us, we may not be able to recover equivalent assets or payment in full as we will rank among the financial intermediary’s unsecured creditors. In addition, the timing of the recovery of such amounts and assets (including segregated collateral) may also be significantly delayed as part of the administration of the bankruptcy estate of the financial intermediary. In addition, our risk management processes may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not take sufficient action to reduce effectively our risks to them. The inability to recover assets or payments from financial intermediaries could have a material adverse impact on us as well as the performance of our investment vehicles. For more information about the risks of using financial intermediaries to sell investment and insurance products, please see “—Risks Related to Regulatory Matters— Distribution of financial products to individual investors subjects us to heightened regulatory, litigation, and reputational risks, which may materially adversely affect our business”. Disruptions in our technology infrastructure or the occurrence of other operational errors could materially and adversely affect our business. Our business depends on the effective execution of operational processes and the reliability of information technology systems, both those we operate and those provided by third parties. We rely on technology systems, including computer hardware, software systems, data processing systems, and other technology infrastructure that we own or that are provided and maintained by third party service providers. See also “—Risks Related to Our Business—Our reliance on third parties in the operation of our business exposes us to operational, reputational and other risks.” As our reliance on such technology infrastructure has increased, so have the risks associated with system vulnerabilities, data loss, cybersecurity incidents, processing failures and operational disruptions. If we are unable to adapt our technology infrastructure to accommodate our growth, business changes or regulatory compliance needs, or if the cost of maintaining such systems may increase materially from its current level, it may have a material adverse effect on us. We may need to continue to invest heavily in upgrades and expansions to our information technology infrastructure to continue to support our business and to avoid disruption of our operations, including our investment activities. Moreover, the technology systems of third-party providers and technology infrastructure that we own may contain vulnerabilities or experience disruptions, including those resulting in data loss, that could materially and adversely impact our business. In addition, certain of our operational processes continue to involve our employees engaging in manual processes, which are inherently subject to execution risk, including unintentional mistakes, 35 Table of Contents processing errors or control failures, which could materially and adversely affect us. Manual processes may be particularly susceptible to error during periods of high transaction volume, personnel changes, new technology system implementations or other operational transitions. Although we maintain policies, procedures, and internal controls, and have implemented technology infrastructure designed to mitigate these risks, such measures may not be effective in preventing or detecting errors in a timely manner. Failures in our operational processes could result in financial loss, regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, and other adverse consequences. The failure to effectively manage our balance sheet could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have made a strategic decision to have a larger balance sheet than most of our asset management competitors, and consequently, the management of our balance sheet has a greater impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We utilize our balance sheet to support our insurance subsidiaries’ business and capital needs, underwrite commitments in our capital markets transactions, make capital commitments to our investment vehicles, and make acquisitions and other strategic investments for our Strategic Holdings segment. A significant portion of our balance sheet is dedicated to the ownership and operation of our insurance business, which is a capital-intensive, long-duration business. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements and rating agency capital expectations that require each entity to maintain significant levels of capital. To support insurance company capitalization, we may need to contribute additional capital to our insurance subsidiaries, or we may be restricted from growing and expanding our insurance business. Our insurance obligations to policyholders are contractual, and, in contrast to our investment products, we must pay these obligations regardless of the investment performance of the assets backing these obligations. We make significant assumptions to calculate our expected future insurance payment obligations, including with respect to factors such as policyholder behavior and market or economic conditions that are not in our control. We hold significant assets on balance sheet to support these insurance obligations. We are subject to the market impacts on and investment performance of such assets as well as actual policyholder behavior differing from our assumptions. If we are unsuccessful in our asset-liability management, we will suffer insurance operating losses as we will owe more on our insurance obligations than we earn on such assets and may be required to hold additional capital. Our insurance balance sheet requires active risk management and a failure to manage those risks may have a material and adverse effect on us. We have used our balance sheet in our capital markets business to underwrite loans, securities or other financial instruments, which we generally expect to syndicate to third parties. We have also entered into arrangements with third parties that reduce our risk associated with holding unsold securities when underwriting certain debt transactions, which enables our capital markets business to underwrite a larger amount. To the extent that we are unable to syndicate our commitments to third parties or our risk reduction arrangements do not fully perform as anticipated, we may be required to sell such investments at a significant loss or hold them indefinitely, which could impact the performance of such investments and also impair our capital markets business’ ability to complete additional transactions, either of which could materially and adversely affect us. In addition to the investments held in our insurance subsidiaries, which are reported in our Insurance segment, our balance sheet makes investments and holds strategic assets that are reported in our Asset Management and Strategic Holdings segments. We bear the full risk of these balance sheet investments. However, our success in generating returns on this capital, will depend, among other things, on the availability of suitable opportunities for our balance sheet, including for Strategic Holdings, after giving priority in investment opportunities to our advisory clients, and on our ability to realize the values that we expect to achieve from acquiring these. Our balance sheet assets have also been a significant source of capital for new investment strategies and products for investors. For example, we may acquire investments using our balance sheet capital and warehouse these investments while fundraising a particular investment vehicle. We expect our balance sheet capital to be returned to us if such investment vehicle has a successful fundraise. However, if the fundraising is not successful, or if investment vehicle investors are not willing to pay for these warehoused investments, then we may realize losses on those investments or become limited in our ability to seed new businesses or support our existing businesses as effectively as contemplated. We also have made and expect to continue to make significant capital investments in our current and future funds and other investment vehicles. Contributing capital to these investment vehicles is risky, and we may not realize any significant profit from them, or we may even lose some or all of the principal amount of our investments. In addition, we have developed and completed several structured transactions in which our balance sheet provides subordinated or equity financing and third-party investors provide senior or preferred equity financing to an investment vehicle that invests in our investment vehicles and certain other investment assets. We have also entered into similarly structured transactions where 36 Table of Contents the cash flows of our balance sheet’s capital commitments to our investment vehicles have been effectively pledged as collateral for such investment vehicles. Because of the subordinated nature of KKR’s interests, we are at risk of losing all of our interests in these transactions ahead of any third-party if the investments do not perform as expected. For further information about KKR’s unfunded commitments to its investment vehicles, including funding requirements to levered investment vehicles and structured transactions, see also Note 24 “Commitments and Contingencies—Funding Commitments and Others” in our financial statements. See also “—Risks Related to our Insurance Activities” below. The failure to manage, or the inability to access, adequate sources of liquidity could materially and adversely affect KKR. We require significant liquidity in order to support and grow our asset management and insurance businesses, conduct our investment activities, meet our capital markets underwriting commitments, satisfy our policyholder obligations and comply with regulatory requirements. We also have debt securities outstanding and indebtedness outstanding under various credit facilities. Depending on market and economic conditions, we may not be able to refinance or renew our debt obligations, or find alternate sources of financing (including issuing debt or equity capital) on attractive or commercially reasonable terms or at all. Furthermore, the incurrence of additional debt could result in downgrades of our existing corporate credit ratings, which could limit the availability of future financing and increase our costs of borrowing. If our liquidity requirements were to exceed our available liquid assets, we could be forced to sell assets or seek to raise debt or equity capital on unfavorable terms. Moreover, the failure to comply with covenants contained in any of our debt agreements could trigger prepayment obligations that could materially and adversely affect us by causing liquidity constraints. Any default under these agreements (including through defaults on other debt that may result in cross-defaults on these agreements), and any resulting acceleration of the borrower’s outstanding indebtedness, could have a material adverse effect on us and could also cause a cross-default under our corporate revolving credit facility, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity Needs” for further information regarding our liquidity needs and our capital commitments as of December 31, 2025, and Note 16 “Debt Obligations” in our financial statements for further information regarding our senior notes, credit facilities and other outstanding debt obligations. In addition, we have indebtedness at various subsidiaries, including subsidiaries that hold our asset management, insurance, and strategic holdings businesses, the terms of which impose limitations on operations and restrict the ability to make distributions to its direct and indirect parent companies, including KKR Group Partnership L.P. In addition, our insurance subsidiaries and certain capital markets subsidiaries are also subject to regulatory restrictions that place restrictions on their ability to make distributions to their parent companies. These restrictions on distributions impose limitations on our ability to manage liquidity needs for the KKR business. Certain investment vehicles we manage have liquidity needs that are not entirely in our control. For example, individual investors in our K-Series vehicles have the right to redeem their interests in the K-Series for cash. There is a risk that our investment vehicles will lack adequate liquidity to satisfy any unexpected redemption requests, which may occur for a variety of reasons, including increases in their investors’ liquidity needs, which tend to be more pronounced during periods of market volatility and which may escalate in any period and be particularly pronounced for investment vehicles. If we are unable to meet these redemption requests, or if any such redemption requests trigger any caps or limits that legally permit such vehicles to gate or not honor redemption requests, then we could suffer material reputational harm. In addition, our insurance companies have various liquidity needs that may be difficult to predict. Many of the insurance products allow policyholders to withdraw their funds, also referred to as a surrender, under contractually-defined circumstances. We may be forced to sell investments at a loss in connection with these redemption or withdrawal requests, which are not always predictable and often driven by market and economic conditions that are not in our control. In addition, our reinsurance business is subject to potentially significant liquidity requirements. Our reinsurance agreements generally require Global Atlantic to provide collateral in trust for the benefit of the reinsurance client (the cedant), limiting our insurer’s access to such assets for liquidity use, and some agreements may require additional collateral to be posted under certain circumstances. Moreover, reinsurance agreements generally provide the reinsurance client with recapture rights upon the occurrence of certain contractual triggering events. The exercise of such rights could, if alternate sources of liquidity are unavailable, require our insurance subsidiaries to dispose of assets on unfavorable terms, including as a result of truncating expected holdings periods unexpectedly. In addition, our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are members of regional Federal Home Loan Banks (“FHLB”), which allows those insurance subsidiaries to borrow from the FHLB using certain investments as 37 Table of Contents collateral. Access to FHLB loans is an important source of liquidity for our insurance business. If those sources of borrowing were no longer available, the liquidity of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries could be materially and adversely affected. See “Risks Related to our Insurance Activities.” We have also used, and from time to time may continue to use, our balance sheet to provide credit support for our general partners’ obligations to our investment vehicles, to facilitate certain investment transactions entered into by our investment vehicles, and to make significant commitments to our investment vehicles. See Note 24 “Commitments and Contingencies” in our financial statements. Our capital markets activities expose us to material risks. We provide a broad range of capital markets services that include acting as an advisor or as an agent, principal, underwriter, syndicator, arranger or other form of intermediary in connection with securities transactions, debt or equity syndications, loan transactions, derivative transactions and other types of financings and financial arrangements. However, we may incur significant losses in connection with our capital markets activities, including to the extent that, for any reason we are otherwise unable to dispose of any financial exposure that we incur at the prices that we anticipated or at all. We also may be subject to potential underwriter liability or regulatory consequences for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses or other offering documents relating to transactions in which we are involved. We conduct capital markets activities in connection with transactions in which our investment vehicles or insurance companies may participate as a sponsor or as a purchaser or a seller of securities, which could constitute a conflict of interest or subject us to regulatory scrutiny, liabilities or reputational harm. Please also see “—The failure to effectively manage our balance sheet could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.” The failure to manage our financial and enterprise risks could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. We seek to identify, monitor and manage certain financial and enterprise risks effectively. If we are not able to accurately or effectively price, identify and predict, manage or ameliorate these risks, or if our management of risk does not accurately predict and appropriately respond to future risk exposures, such risks could have a material adverse effect on us. We use derivative financial instruments and risk management strategies to hedge, manage or otherwise reduce investment risks, they may not be properly implemented as designed, or otherwise not effectively offset the risks we have identified. We may not have identified, or may not even be able to identify, all the material risks relevant for our asset management or insurance businesses (including capital markets activities). We also may choose not to hedge, in whole or in part, any of the risks that have been identified. In our insurance business, our hedging activities seek to mitigate economic impacts relating to our insurance products and investments, which may result in additional volatility in financial results, adverse impacts on the level of statutory capital and the risk-based capital ratios of our insurance subsidiaries, and may not effectively offset any changes in insurance reserves. In addition, the scope of risk management activities undertaken by us is selective and varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates, prevailing foreign currency exchange rates, the types of investments that are made and other changing market conditions. We do not seek to hedge our exposure in all currencies or all investments or insurance liabilities, which means that our exposure to certain market risks are not limited. We also may use hedging transactions and other derivative instruments to reduce the effects of a decline in the value of a position, but they do not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the value of the position or prevent losses if the value of the position declines. These kinds of transactions also generally limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a position increases. On the other hand, our risk management actions with respect to insurance products with guaranteed benefits may be insufficient for Global Atlantic to be protected against losses. Unanticipated market changes may result in poorer overall investment performance than if the hedging or other derivative transaction had not been executed. Moreover, it may not be possible to limit the exposure to a market development that is so generally anticipated that a hedging or other derivative transaction cannot be entered into at an acceptable price. For a discussion of the market risks affecting our business and the strategies employed to mitigate them, including our hedge program, please see “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” We may suffer material harm as a result of legal claims, litigations, investigations, and negative publicity. The activities of our businesses, including the investment decisions we make and the activities of our employees, may subject us and our employees, officers and directors to the risk of litigation by third parties, as well as various governmental and regulatory examinations, inquiries, investigations, and enforcement actions. For a description of certain legal matters involving KKR, see Note 24 “Commitments and Contingencies” in our financial statements. 38 Table of Contents We, our investment vehicles, and our employees are each exposed to the risks of litigation relating to our asset management and insurance businesses. We are also exposed to risks of litigation, investigation or negative publicity in the event any transactions we undertake are alleged not to have been properly considered and approved under applicable law. An adverse judgment, order or decree could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business if it were to constitute a disqualifying event under the laws and regulations applicable to our firm and could result in material reputational damage that could adversely affect our ability to successfully fundraise or source or engage in investment transactions. See also “—Risks Related to Regulation” below. Although investors in our funds do not have legal remedies against us, the general partners of our funds, our funds, our employees or our affiliates solely based on their dissatisfaction with the investment performance of those funds, such investors may have remedies against us, the general partners of our funds, our funds, our employees or our affiliates to the extent any losses result from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct. While the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, employees and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity generally does not extend to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct. If any civil or criminal lawsuits brought against us or the aforementioned entities or individuals results in a finding of substantial legal liability or culpability, the lawsuit could materially and adversely affect us. Similarly, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants or by governmental or regulatory authorities, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities or the private equity industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and cause volatility and speculation in the trading of our common stock. We consider our reputation critical to attracting and retaining investors, maintaining our relationships with regulators and being viewed as an attractive investment partner. As a result, any negative publicity or negative public perception regarding our actions, business, management or industry may damage our relationships with existing and potential investors, employees, regulators and other stakeholders, impair our ability to raise capital, adversely impact the ability of our investment vehicles to make and exit investments, and impair our ability to carry out investment activities generally. See also “—The actions of our portfolio companies may subject us to potential liabilities and cause us reputational harm” below. We may pursue new business opportunities, strategic initiatives, or investment opportunities that involve new or unique business, regulatory or other complexities and risks. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of business, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, businesses, types of investors and investment products. We seek to grow our businesses by, among other things, increasing AUM in existing businesses, pursuing new investment strategies (including investment opportunities in new asset classes), developing new types of investment structures and products (such as publicly listed vehicles, separately managed accounts and structured products), expanding into new geographic markets and businesses and seeking investments from investor bases we have traditionally not pursued, such as individual investors, which subject us to additional risk. Introducing new types of investment structures and products could increase the complexities and conflicts of interest involved in managing such investments, including ensuring compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and terms of the investment vehicles. There is no assurance that all areas of our business will achieve a satisfactory level of scale and profitability. In the first quarter of 2024, we implemented strategic initiatives that included creating our Strategic Holdings business segment. We continue to believe that we will receive more stable recurring revenues in the future from the growth over time in dividend payments and earnings from companies included in our Strategic Holdings segment. However, this is our current expectation and not a guarantee that they will be realized or be as accretive to our earnings as we currently expect. For example, expectations about dividend amounts and investment returns from companies in our Strategic Holdings segment in the future and the future growth of such companies, may be materially less than our current expectations or may not materialize at all, and assumptions, including those relating to free cash flow, future capital structures of such companies, future capital investments by us in such companies, future market and economic conditions, including interest rates, and other assumptions, may differ materially from actual outcomes. In 2025, we announced changes to the management of our insurance business to originate longer-duration liabilities and assets, including investing more into non-yielding or lower-yield assets classes like private equity and real assets, expanding outside the United States, and raising more third-party co-investment insurance capital. We believe these changes will expand Global Atlantic’s competitive advantage and enable the generation of higher and more durable returns over the long term; however, our financial results could be adversely impacted in the near- and medium- term as we rotate into longer- 39 Table of Contents duration liabilities and assets. While it is our current expectation that this strategic initiative will be successful over the long term, it is not guaranteed that these results will be realized or that these changes will be as accretive to our earnings as we currently expect, and these changes may result in losses. Additionally, these strategic initiatives may add new business and regulatory complexities. In February 2026, we announced an agreement to acquire Arctos Partners, an investment management firm that invests in professional sports teams and that provides strategic capital to other asset management firms. The acquisition is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain regulatory and specified sports league approvals and other closing conditions. As part of our proposed acquisition of Arctos, we have applied for approvals by certain sports leagues as indirect owners of sports teams. Following the closing of the Arctos acquisition, we and our investment vehicles and portfolio companies must comply with the league rules applicable to owners. These league rules prohibit or restrict certain investments — for example control investments in gambling businesses or relationships with professional athletes. Complying with these rules may restrict investment opportunities that our investment vehicles, portfolio companies, or we may have otherwise pursued, raising potential conflicts of interest. See “—If we fail to effectively manage conflicts of interest that arise from our investment activities, our reputation, business or financial results could be materially and adversely impacted or we may become subject to regulatory scrutiny or litigation.” Failure to manage our compliance with these league rules could result in a material adverse impact to our business, financial condition and results of operations. To the extent we have made, or make, strategic investments or acquisitions or undertake other strategic initiatives, expand into new investment strategies or geographic markets, or enter into a new line of business, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with: • the required investment of capital and other resources; • delays or failure to complete an acquisition or other transaction in a timely manner or at all, which may subject us to damages or require us to pay significant costs; • lawsuits challenging an acquisition or unfavorable judgments in such lawsuits, which may prevent the closing of the transaction, cause delays, or require us to incur substantial costs including in costs associated with the indemnification of directors; • the failure to realize the anticipated benefits from an acquired business or strategic partnership in a timely manner, if at all; • combining, integrating or developing operational and management systems and controls, including an acquired business’ internal controls and procedures; • acquiring an investment that is subject to significant liabilities, including contingent liabilities, which could be unknown to us or inadequately insured at the time of acquisition; • integration of the businesses, including the employees of an acquired business; • disagreements with joint venture partners or other stakeholders in our hedge fund partnerships and our strategic partnerships; • the additional business risks of the acquired business and the broadening of our geographic footprint; • properly managing conflicts of interests; • complex tax structuring that could be challenged or disregarded, which may result in losing treaty benefits or would otherwise adversely impact our investments; • our ability to obtain requisite regulatory approvals and licenses without undue cost or delay and without being required to comply with material restrictions or material conditions that would be detrimental to us or to the combined organization; • incurrence of indemnification obligations or other contingent liabilities; • increased regulatory scrutiny and our ability to comply with new regulatory regimes; and • becoming subject to new laws and regulations with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, that may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk and costs. We may not realize the expected benefits of such new investments, acquisitions or initiatives. We operate in a highly competitive industry. Our asset management business competes with other investment managers for both investors for our investment vehicles and for investment opportunities, including for our Strategic Holdings segment. We believe that competition for investors for our investment vehicles is based primarily on investment performance, investor liquidity and willingness to 40 Table of Contents invest, investor perception of investment managers' drive, focus and alignment of interest, business reputation, duration of relationships, quality of services, pricing, fund terms including fees, and the relative attractiveness of the types of investments that have been or are to be made. We believe that competition for investment opportunities is based primarily on the pricing, terms, and structure of a proposed investment and certainty of execution. The firm's competitors consist primarily of alternative and traditional asset manager sponsors of public and private investment vehicles, investment and commercial banks (including activities conducted by their broker-dealers and investment advisers), commercial finance companies, sovereign wealth funds, real estate development companies, BDCs, and strategic buyers. In addition, we also face competition from local and regional investment firms, financial institutions, and other competitors in the various countries in which we invest, where local firms may have more established relationships with the companies in which we are attempting to invest. There are numerous funds focused on private equity, real assets, credit, and hedge fund strategies that compete for investor capital. Fund managers have also increasingly adopted investment strategies outside of their traditional focus. For example, traditional asset management firms have acquired alternative asset management firms, and hedge funds focused on credit and equity strategies have taken control positions in companies, while private equity funds have acquired minority equity or debt positions in publicly listed companies. This convergence heightens competition for investments. Furthermore, as institutional fund investors increasingly consolidate their relationships for multiple investment products with a few investment firms, competition for capital from such institutional fund investors have become more acute. We also face extensive competition from both traditional and alternative asset management firms in connection with our business initiatives to increase the number and types of investment products and fundraise directly and indirectly from individual investors, including accredited investors and mass affluent individuals. We may be unable to achieve as quickly as expected, or at all, our strategic business initiatives to increase the number and types of investment products and vehicles we offer directly or indirectly to these types of investors as there is extensive competition for such investors and in private wealth management by our competitors. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and more personnel than us. In the case of some asset classes and certain investment products, including those offered to individual investors, our competitors may, and sometimes do, have longer operating histories, more established relationships, or greater experience. Several of our competitors have raised, or may raise, significant amounts of capital and have investment objectives that are similar to the investment objectives of our investment vehicles, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some of these competitors may also have lower costs of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive advantages for them. In addition, some of these competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider range of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments. Strategic buyers may also be able to achieve synergistic cost savings or revenue enhancements with respect to a targeted portfolio company, which typically provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for such investments. Some of our competitors may have agreed to terms on their investment funds or products that are more favorable to investors than our funds or products and therefore we may be forced to match or otherwise revise our terms to be less favorable to us than they have been in the past and, further, some of our competitors may be willing to pay higher placement fees in order to gain distribution of their private wealth products. We may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Alternatively, we may experience decreased investment returns and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Our capital markets business competes primarily with investment banks and broker-dealers in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East. We principally focus our capital markets activities on our funds and our portfolio companies, but we also seek to service other third parties. While we generally target customers with whom we have existing relationships, those customers may have similar relationships with the firm's competitors, many of whom will have access to competing securities transactions, greater financial, technical or marketing resources, or more established reputations than us. Our insurance business also operates in highly competitive markets. Please see “—Risks Related to Our Insurance Activities—We operate in a highly competitive industry”. Additionally, some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation or less regulatory scrutiny and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we do or bear less expense to comply with such regulations than we do. Parts of our earnings and cash flow are highly variable due to the nature of our business. Parts of our earnings are highly variable from quarter to quarter due to volatility of investment valuations, the investment returns by our funds and other investment vehicles, and the accrual and payment of carried interest and fees earned from our 41 Table of Contents investment activities. We recognize earnings on investments in our investment vehicles based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment vehicles and for certain of our recent investment vehicles when a performance hurdle is achieved, which in each case is subject to significant uncertainty and risk. During times of market volatility, the fair value of the investments we own or manage are more variable, and volatility in the equity markets may have a significant impact on our reported results. A decline in realized or unrealized gains, a failure to achieve a performance hurdle, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our financial results. The timing and receipt of carried interest from our investment vehicles are unpredictable and will contribute to the volatility of our cash flows. With respect to our carry paying funds, subject to the terms of their respective governing agreements, carried interest is generally eligible to be distributed to the general partner of the fund with a clawback provision only after meeting certain conditions tied to performance. See “Item 1. Business—Business Segments—Asset Management — Investment Vehicle Structures, Fee Arrangements and Carried Interest” for a summary of such conditions. Even after all conditions are met, the general partner of a carry paying fund may decide to defer the distribution of carried interest to it to a later date. Carried interest payments depend on our investment vehicles’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It typically takes a substantial period of time to: (i) identify attractive investment opportunities, (ii) raise all the funds needed to make an investment, and (iii) then to realize the cash value of an investment through a sale, public offering or other exit to generate carried interest proceeds. To the extent an investment is not profitable, no carried interest will be received from our investment vehicles with respect to that investment and, to the extent such investment remains unprofitable, we will only be entitled to a management fee on that investment. We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity—Sources of Liquidity” for further information regarding the conditions for carried interest to become distributable. The timing and receipt of carried interest also vary with the life cycle of certain of our investment vehicles. For our carry- paying investment vehicles that have completed their investment periods and are able to realize mature investments, sometimes referred to as being in a harvesting period, we are more likely to receive larger carried interest distributions than our carry-paying investment vehicles that are in their fundraising or investment periods. Fee income, which we recognize when contractually earned, can vary due to fluctuations in AUM, the number of investment transactions made by our investment vehicles, when such investments are made, the number of portfolio companies we manage, the fee provisions contained in our investment vehicles and other investment products and transactions by our capital markets business. In any particular quarter, fee income may vary significantly due to the variances in size and frequency of transaction fees or fees received by our capital markets business. Additionally, a decline in the pace, size, or value of investments by our investment vehicles would result in our receiving less revenue from fees. The transaction, management, and monitoring fees that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our investment vehicles make investments and the size of those investments. Any decline in that pace or the size of investments would reduce our revenue from transaction and management or monitoring fees. Likewise, during an attractive selling environment, our investment vehicles may capitalize on increased opportunities to exit investments. While this would generally be expected to increase the timing and receipt of carried interest, any increase in the pace at which our investment vehicles exit investments, if not offset by new commitments and investments, could reduce future management fees. Additionally, in certain of our investment vehicles that derive management fees only on the basis of invested capital, the pace at which we make investments, the length of time we hold such investments, and the timing of disposition will impact our revenues. With respect to our insurance business, we have and may experience fluctuations in the new business volumes, and resulting financial result impacts, of certain products, such as block reinsurance, pension risk transfer and funding agreements. In addition, aspects of how our insurance business is required to report certain investments and liabilities has added, and is expected to add, volatility to our financial results from quarter to quarter. The agreements governing our carry-paying funds have in the past and may in the future give rise to a contingent obligation that requires us to return or contribute significant cash amounts to our funds and fund investors. We have in the past and may in the future be required to return carried interest that we have received from investment funds. The partnership documents governing our carry-paying funds across our asset classes include what are often called “clawback” provisions. Under such an obligation, upon the liquidation of a fund or other event as set forth in the terms governing the fund, the general partner is required to return, typically on an after-tax basis, previously distributed carry to the extent that, due to the diminished performance of later investments, the aggregate amount of carry distributions received by 42 Table of Contents the general partner during the term of the fund exceed the amount to which the general partner was ultimately entitled, after taking into account the effects of any performance thresholds and hurdles. We would continue to be subject to such obligation even if carry has been distributed to current or former employees through our carry pool. If such current or former employees do not satisfy their share of any clawback obligation, we will be responsible for funding the entire obligation and may need to seek other sources of liquidity to fund such an obligation. To the extent one or more obligations were to occur for any one or more of our carry-paying funds, we might not have available cash to satisfy such obligation once it is realized, putting us in breach of the fund’s governing agreements and potentially resulting in a material adverse impact on our ability to raise additional or successor funds in the future. Even when there is sufficient available cash to satisfy any such obligation, the realization of any such obligation may materially adversely impact our business and financial results, including by reducing our realized performance income and realized investment income. See “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity—Sources of Liquidity” for a discussion of carried interest repayment obligations, including information about realized carried interest repayment in the fourth quarter 2025 relating to our Asian Fund II. The inability to raise capital from third-party investors for our investment vehicles, insurance business and transactions could materially and adversely affect us. We raise third party capital for our investment vehicles and insurance business, and we also raise capital for specific transactions that we may sponsor or that are sponsored by third parties. The failure to continually raise adequate capital could materially and adversely affect our AUM, revenues, liquidity and overall financial results. Investment performance is one of the most significant factors in our ability to raise capital. Poor investment performance for any reason, whether due to market conditions, valuations, pace of realizations, or other factors, including relative to portfolio benchmarks, fee levels, or our competitors’ performance, may also materially adversely affect our ability to fundraise. Certain investment vehicles, particularly those that provide investors with redemption rights, may require us to maintain higher levels of liquidity, which may affect portfolio construction and could impact investment performance. Our ability to raise capital is also dependent on market and economic conditions and investor perception, including the general appeal of alternative asset investments or our financial products. Our ability to raise capital depends on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including economic conditions, financial market volatility, regulatory developments, investor liquidity and competitive dynamics. Investors in our investment or insurance products may decide to redeem their capital, or decide to seek financial products other than ours for any number of reasons, such as competitors’ terms or offerings, changes in interest rates that make other financial products more attractive, changes in investor perception regarding our focus or alignment of interest, reputational concerns, how we manage conflicts of interest, changes in investors’ views of portfolio construction or asset allocation, concerns about valuations, ability to meet redemption requests, liquidity, or departures or changes in key personnel. In connection with raising new investment vehicles or securing additional investments in existing vehicles, we may negotiate terms for such vehicles that are materially less favorable to us than prior terms or terms of investment vehicles advised by our competitors. Such terms may include reduced management fees, fee holidays, increased co-investment rights or other economic or governance concessions, which could materially and adversely affect us in a number of ways, including by reducing the fee revenues we earn. Competitive pressures and evolving investor expectations may require us to agree to such unfavorable terms in order to attract or retain capital. The number of investment vehicles for which we raise capital varies from year to year. Our flagship funds and other funds have a finite life and a finite amount of commitments from fund investors. Once a fund nears the end of its investment period, our ability to continue making investments and generating fees and carry depends on our ability to raise additional or successor funds. Although our funds may continue to earn management fees after the expiration of their investment periods, such fees are generally at a reduced rate. There is no assurance we would be able to raise successor funds of comparable size, within similar timeframes, or on comparable terms. If we are unable to do so, or if fundraising is delayed, our revenues may decrease as predecessor funds mature and associated fees decrease. The ability to raise capital from institutional investors is critical and may be adversely affected by factors beyond our control. Institutional investors are significant investors in our investment funds and the investments syndicated by our capital markets business. Institutional investors that experience decreasing returns, liquidity pressures, increased volatility, funding shortfalls or difficulty maintaining target asset allocations may materially decrease or temporarily suspend making new investments in our investment funds or with alternate asset managers generally. Such concerns could be exhibited, in 43 Table of Contents particular, by public pension funds, which have historically been among the largest investors in alternative assets. Pension funds have had and in the future may have funding problems that will likely be exacerbated by economic downturns. Concerns with liquidity could cause such public pension funds or other institutional investors to reevaluate the appropriateness of alternative assets. Reduced distributions from alternative asset investments or declines in other asset classes may cause investors to exceed target allocations to alternative assets, limiting their ability to make new commitments. In addition, certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, continue to demonstrate an increased preference for alternatives to traditional fund structures, such as separately managed accounts or specialized investment vehicles and, in some cases, consolidating their capital with fewer alternative asset managers. In order to try to satisfy the evolving preferences of investors, we have sponsored, and will continue, to sponsor a wide array of separately managed accounts and investor allocations to these separately managed accounts or specialized investment vehicles may detract from the allocations potentially available to our funds or other traditional investment vehicles, which may result in less profitability for us. There can be no assurance that historical or current levels of commitments to our funds or other traditional investment vehicles from these investors will continue. Moreover, certain institutional investors are demonstrating a preference to hire their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the assistance of large institutional investment advisers like us. Such institutional investors may become our competitors and could cease to be our clients. Institutional investors may also decide not to invest with large asset managers like us, for example, because of conflicts of interest arising from the size and complexity of our business, including the allocation of investment opportunities among different funds and vehicles, including those offered to individual investors. Given the breadth and complexity of our platform, including the management of multiple funds, insurance assets and vehicles offered to individual investors, conflicts of interest may arise in the allocation of investment opportunities, management attention or other resources. Any perception that we do not appropriately manage such conflicts could adversely affect our relationships with institutional investors and our ability to raise capital from them. For additional information about conflicts of interest that may impact our ability to raise capital, please see “—Risks Related to Our Investment Activities—If we fail to effectively manage conflicts of interest that arise from our investment activities, our reputation, business or financial results could be materially and adversely impacted or we may become subject to regulatory scrutiny or litigation”. All of these factors could result in a smaller overall pool of available capital in our industry or a smaller pool of institutional capital for our investment vehicles. In addition, the asset allocation rules or investment policies to which institutional investors are subject could inhibit or restrict their ability to make investments in our investment funds. This risk may be heightened at times of poor performance in other asset classes or even strong performance in the asset classes we manage, as investors may need to rebalance their portfolios to remain in compliance with these rules and policies. Coupled with any lack of distributions from their existing investment portfolios, many of these investors may have disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to, and invested capital in, a number of investment funds, which may significantly limit their ability to make new commitments to the investment funds we manage, which could materially and adversely affect our financial performance. The sale of financial products to individual investors exposes us to additional operational complexities, regulatory requirements and other risks. We have expanded and may continue to expand the number and types of financial products we offer to individual investors. Offering financial products, whether investment opportunities in alternative asset strategies or insurance policies like annuities, to individual investors exposes us to heightened levels of risks. Products offered to individual investors may be subject to different and, in some cases, more extensive disclosure, marketing, distribution and investor protection requirements than traditional institutional investment funds. In addition, the distribution of investment products to individual investors may involve additional intermediaries, platforms or distribution channels and may subject us to evolving regulatory standards regarding marketing practices, suitability determinations, fee disclosures, valuation methodologies and redemption features. As a result, these initiatives may increase our exposure to public and regulatory scrutiny, consumer complaints, private litigation, compliance costs and reputational harm. For additional information about the regulatory risks relating to individual investors, please see “—Risks Related to Regulatory Matters—Distribution of financial products to individual investors subjects us to heightened regulatory, litigation, and reputational risks, which may materially adversely affect our business” and “—Risks Related to our Insurance Activities—The disruption of our third-party distribution network may have a material adverse effect on us.” Certain investment vehicles that we manage are publicly traded, which involves heightened risk of litigation, and additional disclosure and governance obligations. In addition, certain of these and other investment vehicles are registered under the Investment Company Act as investment companies. These funds and their investment advisers are subject to extensive regulation, which, among other things, regulate the relationship between a registered investment company and its 44 Table of Contents investment adviser and prohibit or severely restrict principal transactions and joint transactions. In addition, we have one or more affiliates that provide investment advisory services to BDCs, which are also subject to certain restrictions and prohibitions under the Investment Company Act. If the entity fails to meet applicable regulatory requirements, it may be regulated as a closed-end investment company under the Investment Company Act and become subject to different regulatory restrictions, which could limit its operating flexibility and in turn result in decreased profitability for us. We have also launched U.S. holding company conglomerates, which together with similar non-U.S. investment vehicles we refer to as K-Series, which are structured and operated in reliance on exclusions from the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If any such entity were required to register as an investment company, the applicable restrictions on capital structure, leverage, transactions with affiliates, governance, and operations would make it impractical for the entity to operate its business as currently conducted and could materially and adversely affect our financial results and results of operations. For additional information about certain regulatory risks relating to regulatory exemptions, please see “—Risks Related to Regulatory Matters— If regulatory exemptions or exclusions on which we rely become unavailable, we may become subject to additional restrictive and costly regulatory requirements, regulatory action or liability”. As we have offered more investment products to individual investors, the operational demands necessary to support these types of investor products and the related business and operational complexity has also significantly increased. Insurance products are subject to regulations regarding statements, required disclosures and claims handling and accordingly require significant operational capabilities. Managing vehicles that offer periodic redemption features or are marketed to individual investors may require more frequent valuations, additional investor communications, enhanced liquidity management, more compliance and technology requirements, and more third-party service support. For example, our K- Series vehicles and certain funds that provide for redemptions to individual investors require that we perform monthly or daily valuations of net asset value and manage liquidity to satisfy potential redemption requests. For additional information about valuation risks, please see “—The valuations of illiquid investments are subjective and uncertain, and any realizations of our illiquid investments may occur at prices which differ from their carrying values” and for more information about liquidity risks, please see “—The failure to manage, or the inability to access, adequate sources of liquidity could materially and adversely affect KKR”. If we fail to effectively manage these risks, we could be subject to regulatory action, litigation, reputational harm, or constraints on our ability to grow these products, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business. Even if our investment performance or product terms remain attractive, adverse market conditions or shifts in public opinion relating to products that we offer could adversely affect our ability to expand or maintain these product offerings. For example, products offered to individual investors may be more sensitive to negative publicity, whether it is caused by the level of fees, the existence or improper management conflicts of interests, inability to satisfy redemption requests, service challenges or others changes in investor sentiment. Negative publicity may also be caused by the activities of third-party sponsors or insurers that are unaffiliated with us, which nevertheless could cause significant redemptions or surrenders, result in reduced demand for our products, or cause us to reduce our economics to maintain investor interest in the products we offer to individual investors. The portion of our AUM we refer to as perpetual capital is not permanent and is subject to chang