 A description of factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or operating results is provided below. 10 Table of Contents Risk Factors Summary The following summarizes the most material risks that make an investment in our securities risky or speculative. If any of the following risks occur or persist, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed and the price of our common stock could significantly decline. Commercial, Operational, Financial and Regulatory Risks • Our vulnerability to a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy; • Risks related to our international operations; • Laws, rules, regulations or other orders that may limit our ability to sell our products or provide service on products previously sold to certain customers; • Tariffs and other trade restrictions; • IP disputes can be expensive and could result in an inability to sell our products in certain jurisdictions; • Differing stakeholder expectations, requirements and attention to ESG matters, including any targets or other ESG initiatives, could result in additional costs or risks or adversely impact our business; • We may be unable to attract, onboard and retain key personnel; • Reliance on third-party service providers could result in disruptions if such third parties cannot perform services for us in a timely manner; • Cybersecurity incidents could result in the loss of valuable information or assets or subject us to costly disruption, remediation, regulatory investigations, litigation and reputational damage; • We may face disruptions if we cannot access critical information in a timely manner due to system failures; • We may not find suitable acquisition candidates or fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions; • Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, public health crises, acts of terrorism or war or other catastrophic events, and the lack of insurance thereof, could significantly disrupt our operations, including affecting the global supply chain, for lengthy periods of time; • We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and the market values of our portfolio investments; • We are subject to tax and regulatory compliance audits; • Economic, political or other conditions in the jurisdictions where we earn profits can impact the tax laws and taxes we pay in those jurisdictions, subsequently impacting our effective tax rate, cash flows and results of operations; • Increased compliance costs with federal securities laws, rules, and regulations, as well as NASDAQ requirements; and • Changes in accounting pronouncements and laws could have unforeseen effects. Industry Risks • We may not be able to keep pace with trends and technological changes in the industries in which we operate; • We have a highly concentrated customer base; • Prevailing local and global economic conditions may negatively affect the purchasing decisions of our customers; and • We are exposed to risks related to the use of AI by us and our competitors. Business Model and Capital Structure Risks • We may not be able to maintain our technology advantage or protect our proprietary rights; • We may not be able to compete with new products introduced by our competitors; • We may not receive components necessary to build our products in a timely manner; • We may fail to operate our business in a manner consistent with our business plan; • We may fail to comply with the covenants in our Revolving Credit Facility (defined below) and Senior Notes (defined below), which could impair our ability to borrow needed funds, or require us to repay debt sooner than we planned; • We may not have sufficient financial resources to repay our indebtedness when it becomes due, and our leveraged capital structure may divert resources from operations and other corporate uses; • We may not be able to declare cash dividends at all or in any particular amounts; • Risks related to our commercial terms and conditions, including our indemnification of third parties, as well as the performance of our products; 11 Table of Contents • Our government funding for R&D is subject to termination, audit and any further penalties; • We may incur significant restructuring charges or other asset impairment charges or inventory write-offs; • We are subject to risks related to receivables factoring arrangements, and compliance risk of certain settlement agreements with the government; and • Our Amended and Restated Bylaws (“Bylaws”) designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole forum for certain actions, which may discourage claims against the Company. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. Commercial, Operational, Financial and Regulatory Risks We are exposed to risks associated with a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy. Demand for our products is ultimately driven by the global demand for electronic devices by consumers and businesses. Economic uncertainty frequently leads to reduced consumer and business spending, and can cause our customers to decrease, cancel or delay their equipment and service orders. The tightening of credit markets, rising interest rates and concerns regarding the availability of credit can make it more difficult for our customers to raise capital, whether debt or equity, to finance their purchases of capital equipment, including the products we sell. Reduced demand, combined with delays in our customers’ ability to obtain financing (or the unavailability of such financing), has, at times in the past, adversely affected our product and service sales and revenues and, therefore, has harmed our business and operating results, and our operating results and financial condition may again be adversely impacted if economic conditions decline from their current levels. In addition, a decline in the condition of the global financial markets could adversely impact the market values or liquidity of our investments. Our investment portfolio includes corporate and government securities, money market funds and other types of debt and equity investments. Although we believe our portfolio continues to be comprised of sound investments due to the quality and (where applicable) credit ratings of such investments, a decline in the capital and financial markets or rising interest rates would adversely impact the market value of our investments and their liquidity. If the market value of such investments were to decline, or if we were to have to sell some of our investments under illiquid market conditions, we may be required to recognize an impairment charge on such investments or a loss on such sales, either of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. If we are unable to timely and appropriately adapt to changes resulting from difficult macroeconomic conditions, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. A majority of our annual revenues are derived from outside the U.S., and we maintain significant operations outside the U.S. We are exposed to numerous risks as a result of the international nature of our business and operations. We expect these conditions to continue in the foreseeable future. Managing global operations and sites located throughout the world presents a number of challenges, including, but not limited to: • Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies, including the ability to obtain required import and export licenses, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes; • Political and social attitudes, laws, rules, regulations and policies within countries that favor domestic companies over non-domestic companies, including customer- or government-supported efforts to promote the development and growth of local competitors; • Ineffective or inadequate legal protection of IP rights in certain countries; • Managing cultural diversity and organizational alignment; • Exposure to the unique characteristics of each region in the global market, which can cause capital equipment investment patterns to vary significantly from period to period; • Periodic local or international economic downturns; • Potential adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and higher effective income tax rates in foreign countries where we do business; • Compliance with customs regulations in the countries in which we do business; • Existing and potentially new tariffs or other trade restrictions and barriers (including those applied to our products, spare parts and services, or to parts and supplies that we purchase); 12 Table of Contents • Political instability, geopolitical tensions, natural disasters, legal or regulatory changes, acts of war such as the wars between Russia and Ukraine and the military conflicts in the Middle East and further escalation thereof, or terrorism in regions where we, our customers or our suppliers have operations or where we or they do business; • Rising inflation and fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates may adversely impact our ability to compete on price with local providers or the value of revenues we generate from our international business. Although we attempt to manage some of our near-term currency risks through the use of hedging instruments, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be adequate; • Slowing growth, increased unemployment changes in fiscal and/or monetary policies in the countries where we operate; • Our ability to receive prepayments for certain of our products and services sold in certain jurisdictions. These prepayments increase our cash flows for the quarter in which they are received. If our practice of requiring prepayments in those jurisdictions changes or deteriorates, our cash flows would be harmed; • Required refunds for customer prepayments resulting from our inability to ship to certain jurisdictions, especially for customers in China, as described in more detail below. If we are required to make such refunds, our cash flows could be negatively affected; • Longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable outside of the U.S.; • Difficulties in managing foreign distributors (including monitoring and ensuring our distributors’ compliance with applicable laws); and • Inadequate protection or enforcement of our IP and other legal rights in foreign jurisdictions. Any of the factors above could have a significant negative impact on our business and results of operations. Over the past several years, there have been a variety of rules and regulations issued by Commerce that have had an impact on our ability to sell certain products and provide certain services to certain customers in China. These rules and regulations may significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future periods, unless we are able to obtain required licenses. We maintain significant operations outside the United States, and existing and evolving trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. and other governments could significantly disrupt our global operations. The U.S. government has tightened export controls for commodities, software, and technology (collectively, “items”) destined to China over the past several years. These controls have included, for example, restrictions on exporting certain items to military end users and for military end uses, the addition of numerous entities to the U.S. Entity List (a list of parties that are generally ineligible to receive U.S.-regulated items without prior licensing from Commerce), and the creation of new licensing requirements that apply to the export, re-export, and transfer of certain foreign-made items that are the direct product of U.S. origin technology or produced by a plant or major component of a plant that itself is the direct product of U.S. origin technology and which are destined to Huawei or its affiliates and other specified companies on the U.S. Entity List, and other facilities in China where the production of advanced node IC occurs. In October 2022, Commerce published the 2022 BIS Rules (the “2022 BIS Rules”) that introduced restrictions related to semiconductor, semiconductor manufacturing, supercomputer, and advanced computing items and end uses. These rules impose restrictions on our ability to sell, ship and support certain equipment and otherwise conduct business with certain counterparties, primarily including China-based companies involved in advanced semiconductor manufacturing. Further, the 2022 BIS Rules impose restrictions on the activities of U.S. persons with respect to certain items that are not subject to the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”), which departs from Commerce’s typical practice of controlling items that are subject to the EAR, and could further restrict our ability to conduct business in China. In October 2023, Commerce issued the 2023 BIS Rules (the “2023 BIS Rules”) designed to update export controls on advanced computing semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing equipment, as well as items that support supercomputing applications and end-uses, to certain D1, D4 and/or D5 countries in Supplement No. 1 of Part 740 of the U.S. EAR, including China. The 2023 BIS Rules adjust the parameters included in the 2022 BIS Rules that determine whether an advanced computing chip is restricted and impose new measures to address risks of circumvention of the controls established by the 2022 BIS Rules. In December 2024 and January 2025, Commerce again issued incremental 2024 BIS Rules and 2025 BIS Rules, adding even more companies to the U.S. Entity List and revising the definition of advanced DRAM, further restricting our ability to provide certain items and services to facilities in China producing advanced DRAM ICs. Commerce may continue to add China-based entities to the U.S. Entity List and impose other end use or end user export restrictions, which could disrupt or prevent our product shipment, and further disrupt our revenue recognition, business operations and our ability to support our customers in China. 13 Table of Contents These rules and regulations may significantly harm our business unless we are able to obtain required licenses. We will continue to apply for export licenses, when required, in an effort to avoid disruption to our and our customers’ operations, but there can be no assurance that export licenses applied for by either us or our customers, now or in the future, will be granted. To the extent Commerce does issue licenses to us or to our customers, such licenses may have a short duration or require us to satisfy various conditions. If pending and future export license applications are not granted, or additional restrictions are imposed, or if regulators adopt new interpretations of existing regulations, the potential impact on us could be material by disrupting our supply chain and product shipment, impairing our ability to complete product development in a timely manner, or our ability to support existing customers of covered products or supply customers of covered products outside the impacted regions, and requiring us to transition certain operations out of one or more of the identified countries. Failure to obtain export licenses have harmed and could continue to harm our backlog, requiring us to return substantial deposits received from customers in China for purchase orders, and/or further limiting our ability to meet our contractual obligations and sell our products or provide services to our customers in China. In addition, the U.S. export restrictions on semiconductors and semiconductor technology to China and Chinese customers may reduce the need for our products and make it easier for our China-based competitors to develop and sell their own products and take market share from us. We may lose revenue in future periods related to anticipated sales to customers in China unless we are able to replace their orders with other customer orders for which either an export license has been obtained or is not required. Our revenue from sales of products and provision of services to customers in China was 33%, 43% and 27% for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and future revenue from China as a percentage of our overall revenue may decline as a result of the current and future Commerce rules and regulations. Additionally, the Chinese government has adopted, and may further adopt, new regulations, in response to U.S. government actions, which could adversely affect our ability to do business in China. We have controls and procedures designed to maintain compliance with U.S. and other applicable export control laws and regulations; however, we cannot guarantee that such controls and procedures will be successful in preventing violations or allegations of violations, of increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations worldwide. The complexity and evolving nature of the rules and regulations, and the fact that Commerce or other relevant regulators might adopt interpretations of regulations that differ from those of the Company, increase our risk of non-compliance. Any violations by us of applicable export laws and regulations could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, including fines and criminal proceedings against the Company or responsible employees, a denial of export privileges, suspension or debarment. Our employees, customers, suppliers or other third parties with whom we work may also engage in conduct for which the Company might be held responsible. We could face significant compliance, litigation or settlement costs and diversion of management’s attention from our business as a result. Further, the Company may be subject to negative publicity or reputational harm, resulting in reduced demand for our products, employee attrition and other negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Recently announced and future U.S. tariffs or other restrictions placed on imports, retaliatory trade measures taken by other countries and resulting trade wars may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In 2025, the U.S. implemented a number of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., on a country and industry-specific basis (including aluminum, copper and steel). While some of the U.S. Tariffs have been paused, certain U.S. Tariffs are currently in effect, including a base tariff on nearly all imports into the U.S., certain reciprocal tariffs by country, and certain sectoral tariffs on copper, aluminum and steel, among others. In retaliation to the tariffs imposed on U.S. imports, a number of other countries announced reciprocal tariffs on goods imported from the U.S. While most countries paused their reciprocal tariffs on U.S. imported goods, those reciprocal tariffs could be reinstated at any time. Tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods imported into the U.S. and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods imported into those countries may continue to evolve. In April 2025, Commerce announced the initiation of investigations into the effects on U.S. national security of imports of semiconductors under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. The scope of the investigations include semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment and their derivative products including semiconductor substrates and bare wafers, legacy chips, leading-edge chips, microelectronics and other components. While the results of the investigations are currently unknown, they may result in additional tariffs and trade restrictions which may adversely impact our business. The U.S. Tariffs have increased our cost of revenues due to the increase in the cost of importing foreign sourced components to our U.S. facilities to build the products that we manufacture in the U.S. Tariffs imposed on U.S. goods by other countries may harm demand for our products from customers in those regions, or may cause our customers in those regions to push out or cancel previously placed purchase orders. In addition, we have had to return deposits given to us by our customers upon cancellation of their purchase orders. Moreover, tariffs can make it difficult for us and our customers and suppliers to 14 Table of Contents make and execute business and capital equipment investment plans or increase supply chain complexity, which may have an impact on our ability to source the materials necessary to manufacture our products. Our efforts to address these risks, such as through operational adjustments and pricing strategies, may not be successful. Such efforts may need time to take effect and may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Unless rescinded or exemptions apply, tariffs and any escalations in the trade war could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We might be involved in claims or disputes related to IP or other confidential information that may be costly to resolve, prevent us from selling or using the challenged technology and seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. As is typical in the industries in which we serve, from time to time we have received communications from other parties asserting the existence of patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights or other IP rights which they believe cover certain of our products, processes, technologies or information. In addition, we occasionally receive notification from customers who believe that we owe them indemnification or other obligations related to IP claims made against such customers by third parties. With respect to IP infringement disputes, our customary practice is to evaluate such infringement assertions and to consider whether to seek licenses where appropriate. However, there can be no assurance that licenses will be granted or, if granted, will be on acceptable terms or that costly litigation or other administrative proceedings will not occur. The inability to obtain necessary licenses or other rights on reasonable terms could seriously harm our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we may potentially be subject to claims by customers, suppliers or other business partners, or by governmental law enforcement agencies, related to our receipt, distribution and/or use of third-party IP or confidential information. Legal proceedings and claims, regardless of their merit, and associated internal investigations with respect to IP or confidential information disputes are often expensive to prosecute, defend or conduct; may divert management’s attention and other Company resources; and/or may result in restrictions on our ability to sell our products, settlements on significantly adverse terms or adverse judgments for damages, injunctive relief, penalties and fines, any of which could have a significant negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of future legal proceedings, claims or investigations. The instigation of legal proceedings or claims, our inability to favorably resolve or settle such proceedings or claims, or the determination of any adverse findings against us or any of our employees in connection with such proceedings or claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our business reputation. We are exposed to various risks related to the legal, regulatory and tax environments in which we perform our operations and conduct our business. We are subject to various risks related to compliance with laws, rules and regulations enacted by legislative bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries in which we operate and with which we must comply, including environmental, safety, antitrust, anti-corruption/anti-bribery, unclaimed property, conflict minerals and other responsible sourcing practices, economic sanctions and export control regulations. We have policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with applicable laws, but there can be no assurance our policies and procedures will prove completely effective in ensuring compliance by all our personnel, business partners and representatives, for whose misconduct we may under some circumstances be legally responsible. Our failure or inability to comply with existing or future laws, rules or regulations in the countries in which we operate could result in government investigations and/or enforcement actions, which could result in significant financial cost (including investigation expenses, defense costs, assessments and criminal or civil penalties), reputational harm and other consequences that may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to conduct our business. For instance, in response to the war between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S., European Union and other countries have imposed sanctions against Russia, Belarus and certain other regions, entities and individuals, and may impose additional sanctions, export controls or other measures. The imposition of sanctions, export controls and other measures could adversely impact our business including preventing us from performing existing contracts, recognizing revenue, pursuing new business opportunities or receiving payment for products already supplied or services already performed with customers. Additionally, we are subject to various domestic and international environmental laws and regulations, including those that control and restrict the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage, and disposal of certain chemicals, gases and other substances. Current and proposed restrictions on per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”) may negatively impact our supply chain due to potentially decreased availability, or non-availability, of PFAS-containing products or commercially feasible alternatives. Any failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations or requirements may subject us to a range of consequences, including fines, suspension of certain of our business activities, limitations on our ability to sell our products, obligations to remediate environmental contamination, and criminal and civil liabilities or other sanctions. Some of these laws impose strict liability for certain releases, which may require us to incur costs regardless of fault or the legality of 15 Table of Contents actions at the time of release. In addition, changes in environmental laws and regulations (including any relating to climate change and GHG emissions) could require us, or others in our value chain, to install additional equipment, alter operations to incorporate new technologies or processes, or revise process inputs, among other things, which may cause us to incur significant costs or otherwise adversely impact our business performance. Various agencies and governmental bodies have expressed particular interest in promulgating rules relating to climate change or other sustainability matters. For example, policymakers in the European Union, the State of California and elsewhere have adopted, or are considering adopting, various legal requirements on disclosures or other actions on certain climate or other sustainability matters. We also face increasing complexity in our manufacturing, product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and prospective requirements relating to the composition of our products, including restrictions on lead and other substances and requirements to track the sources, production methods, or provenance of certain metals and other materials. The cost of complying, or failing to comply, with these and other regulatory requirements or contractual obligations could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to conduct our business. From time to time, we may receive inquiries, subpoenas, investigative demands or audit notices from governmental or regulatory bodies, or we may make voluntary disclosures, related to legal, regulatory or tax compliance matters, and these matters may result in significant financial cost (including investigation expenses, defense costs, assessments and criminal or civil penalties), reputational harm and other consequences that could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may be subject to new or amended laws, including laws that conflict with other applicable laws, which may impose compliance challenges and create the risk of non-compliance. In addition, we may from time to time be involved in legal proceedings or claims regarding employment, immigration, contracts, product performance, product liability, antitrust, ESG, IP, export controls, cybersecurity and data privacy, tax, securities, unfair competition and other matters. These legal proceedings and claims, regardless of their merit, may be time-consuming and expensive to prosecute or defend, divert management’s attention and resources, and/or inhibit our ability to sell our products. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of current or future legal proceedings or claims, which could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to operate our business. Differing expectations, requirements and attention to ESG matters from our stakeholders, including any targets or other ESG initiatives, could result in additional costs or risks or adversely impact our business. Certain investors, capital providers, shareholder advocacy groups, other market participants, customers and other stakeholder groups have focused on companies’ ESG initiatives, including those regarding climate change, human rights and inclusion and diversity, among others. This has increased, and may in the future continue to increase, certain of our compliance and disclosure costs, and may also result in further impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including changes in demand for certain types of products. From time to time, we create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters. Identification, assessment and disclosure of such matters is complex. Many of the statements in such voluntary disclosures are based on our expectations and assumptions, which may require substantial discretion and forecasts about costs and future circumstances. Additionally, expectations regarding companies’ management of ESG matters continues to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of our control. Although we have engaged, and expect to continue to engage, in certain voluntary ESG initiatives, to improve the ESG profile of our operations and product offerings, we cannot guarantee that such efforts will have the intended results, including whether we are able to measure and disclose related data of sufficient quality or timeliness or in accordance with particular methodological practices. For example, we have adopted certain GHG emissions reduction targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Although several of these goals have been validated by SBTi, our estimates concerning the timing and cost of implementing our goals are subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which are outside of our control. In addition, standards for calculating and disclosing emissions and other sustainability metrics continue to evolve, which can result in inconsistencies or other changes to data over time, revisions to our strategies and targets, or our ability to achieve them, subjecting us to additional scrutiny. Standards for ESG metrics and reporting continue to evolve due to a variety of factors, and our disclosures are expected to evolve as well, whether in response to regulatory requirements or otherwise; however, we cannot guarantee that our approach will align with any particular methodology or stakeholder expectations. Any failure, or perceived failure, to disclose in keeping with best practices, regulations, or other stakeholder expectations or to successfully achieve our voluntary goals, or the manner in which we achieve some or any portion of our goals, could adversely impact our reputation or, to the extent related to our sustainability-linked capital sources, financial condition and results of operations. Our ESG efforts have included, and may in the future include further adoption, or expansion, of certain ESG practices or policies, which may require us to expend additional resources to implement or to forego certain business opportunities to the extent others in our value chain do not meet pertinent requirements of such policies. By contrast, any failure, or perceived 16 Table of Contents failure, to conform to such policies could have an adverse impact on our reputation and business activities. Our performance may be subject to greater scrutiny as a result of our announcement of any goals or policies and the publication of our performance against the same. Stakeholders may have different, and at times conflicting, expectations. While some external sources may seek to pressure us to adopt additional or more aggressive ESG initiatives, there are simultaneous efforts by others to reduce companies' efforts on such matters. Such proponents and opponents of ESG matters are increasingly resorting to activism or litigation to advance their perspectives. In addition, as noted above, regulators, including European Union and State of California, have adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations regarding ESG matters, including, but not limited to, climate change-related matters. Such regulatory approaches are not uniform, which may increase the cost and complexity of compliance. Addressing stakeholder expectations, including regulations, entails costs and any failure to successfully navigate such expectations may result in reputational harm, loss of customers or contracts, potential regulatory or investor engagement, or other adverse impacts to our business. Such ESG matters also impact at least certain of our suppliers and customers, which may compound or cause new impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We depend on key personnel to manage our business effectively, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our key employees, our sales and product development could be harmed. Our employees are vital to our success, and our key management, engineering and other employees are difficult to replace. We generally do not have employment contracts with our key employees. Further, we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our employees. The expansion of high technology companies worldwide and the elevated demand for talent from the growth in the demand for semiconductors in recent years has increased demand and competition for qualified personnel. Competition for engineering and other technical personnel in many areas of the world in which we operate is especially intense due to the proliferation of technology companies worldwide. Our competitors have targeted individuals in our organization who have desired skills and experience. In addition, current or future immigration laws, policies or regulations may limit our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract, onboard and retain key personnel, or if we are not able to attract, assimilate, onboard and retain additional highly qualified employees to meet our current and future needs, our business and operations could be harmed. We outsource a number of services to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could adversely impact our operations. We outsource a number of services, including our transportation, information systems management and logistics management of spare parts and certain accounting and procurement functions, among others, to domestic and overseas third-party service providers. While outsourcing arrangements may lower our cost of operations, they also reduce our direct control over the services rendered. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products delivered or services rendered, on our ability to quickly respond to changing market conditions, or on our ability to ensure compliance with all applicable domestic and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, many of these outsourced service providers, including certain hosted software applications that we use for confidential data storage, may employ cloud computing technology and other systems. These providers may be susceptible to “cyber incidents,” such as software vulnerabilities, cyber-attacks aimed at theft of sensitive data, inadvertent cyber-security compromises, attacks aimed at operational disruption at the target or third-party service providers, all of which are outside of our control. If we do not effectively develop and manage our outsourcing strategies, if required export and other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, if our third-party service providers pass on the cost of inflation to us or do not perform as anticipated, or do not adequately maintain operational resilience or fail to protect our data from cyber-related security breaches, or if there are delays or difficulties in enhancing business processes, we may experience operational difficulties (such as limitations on our ability to ship products), increased costs, manufacturing or service interruptions or delays, loss of IP rights or other sensitive data, quality and compliance issues, and challenges in managing our product inventory or recording and reporting financial and management information, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on information technology for our business and are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and cyber incidents affecting our, our customers ’ , suppliers ’ and other service providers ’ systems and networks. In the conduct of our business, we and certain of our third-party providers collect, use, transmit and store data on information systems and networks, including systems, software, hardware and networks owned and maintained by KLA and/or by third-party providers (collectively, “IT Systems”). This data includes confidential information, transactional information and IP belonging to us, our customers and our business partners, as well as personal information of individuals (collectively, “Confidential Information”). We also integrate and use certain third-party services and products, including software, in our IT Systems, and such third-party products, services and systems are beyond our control. We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and Confidential Information, including from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, as well as diverse attack vectors, such as computer viruses, bugs, ransomware and other malware, technological errors and known and 17 Table of Contents unknown vulnerabilities in our software and systems and those of third parties, cyber-related security breaches and similar disruptions from unauthorized intrusions, tampering, misuse or criminal acts made directly against our systems or networks, or through our third-party providers or the supply chain, including social engineering, phishing, or other events or developments that we may be unable to anticipate or fail to mitigate, including, but not limited to, financial fraud, including check fraud, vulnerabilities or misconfigurations in our IT Systems. In addition, insider actors, malicious or otherwise, could misappropriate our Confidential Information, compromise our IT Systems, tamper with our products or otherwise cause disruptions to our business operations. Moreover, we have acquired and continue to acquire companies with cybersecurity vulnerabilities and/or unsophisticated security measures, which may expose us to significant cybersecurity, operational and financial risks. Remote and hybrid working arrangements at our company (and at many third-party providers) also increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks. We and our third-party providers regularly experience cyber-attacks and events and on occasion incidents involving unauthorized access to IT Systems and Confidential Information and, although no such attacks, events or incidents have materially impacted our operations or financial results to date, there can be no assurance that such attacks, events or incidents will not be material to KLA in the future. Because the techniques used to perpetrate cyberattacks and other security incidents change frequently and increasingly leverage technologies such as AI, cyber-attacks may not be recognized until launched against a target and are increasingly designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection and remove or obfuscate forensic artifacts. As such, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventative measures, or adequately identify, investigate and recover from cybersecurity incidents. There can also be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our IT Systems and Confidential Information. We strive to prioritize the remediation of identified security vulnerabilities based on known and anticipated risks, and we aim to patch vulnerabilities within reasonable timeframes. However, we are unable to comprehensively identify all vulnerabilities (particularly as related to third-party software and systems), apply patches or confirm that mitigating measures are in place, or ensure that any patches will be applied by us or our third parties before exploitation by a threat actor. If attackers are able to exploit vulnerabilities before patches are installed or mitigating measures are implemented, significant compromises could impact our IT Systems and Confidential Information. Moreover, AI may be used to generate cyberattacks as AI capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted. These attacks crafted with AI tools could directly attack our IT Systems or Confidential Information with greater speed and/or efficiency than a human threat actor or create more effective phishing emails. In addition, the threat could be introduced from the result of us, our customers or business partners incorporating AI into our respective businesses, for example, introducing malicious code by incorporating AI generated source code. Any impact to the availability, integrity or confidentiality of our IT Systems of Confidential Information can materially adversely impact our business, operations and financial condition directly, or indirectly by impacting third parties in the supply chain, in many potential ways: disruptions to operations; misappropriation, corruption or theft of Confidential Information; misappropriation of funds and Company assets; reduced value of our investments in research, development and engineering; litigation (including class action lawsuits) with, or payment of damages to, third parties; reputational damage; costs to comply with regulatory inquiries or actions; data privacy issues; costs to rebuild our IT Systems or restore our Confidential Information; and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our customers could result in substantial delays in our ability to ship to those customers or install our products, which could result in delays in revenue recognition or the cancellation of orders, and cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers could result in substantial delays in our ability to obtain necessary components for our products from those suppliers, which could hamper our ability to ship our products to our customers and service them, harming our results of operations. For example, in February 2023, one of our suppliers experienced a ransomware event that caused delays in its manufacturing operations, resulting in its shipment delays to us for components we ordered, which in turn caused delays in some of our outbound shipments during the quarter. Similar events could cause disruptions in the future. We carry insurance that provides limited protection against the potential losses arising from a cybersecurity incident, but it will not likely cover all such losses, and the losses it does not cover may be significant. We rely upon certain critical information systems for our daily business operations. Our inability to use or access our information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact our business operations. Our global operations are dependent upon certain information systems, including telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, network communications, email and various computer hardware and software applications. System failures or malfunctions, such as difficulties with our customer and supplier relationship management systems, could disrupt our operations and our ability to timely and accurately process and report key components of our financial results. Our enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record transactions, provide critical information to our management, and prepare our financial statements. Any disruptions or 18 Table of Contents difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system or other systems (whether in connection with the regular operation, periodic enhancements, modifications or upgrades of such systems or the integration of our acquired businesses into such systems, or due to cybersecurity events such as ransomware attacks, including attacks on the information systems of our business partners and other third parties) could adversely affect our ability to complete important business processes, such as the evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Acquisitions are an important element of our strategy but, because of the uncertainties involved, we may not find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses. We are also exposed to risks in connection with strategic alliances or collaborative arrangements. In addition to our efforts to develop new technologies from internal sources, part of our growth strategy is to pursue acquisitions and acquire new technologies from external sources. We may also enter into definitive agreements for and consummate acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses with complementary products, services and/or technologies. There can be no assurance that we will find suitable acquisition candidates, that we can close such acquisitions or that acquisitions we complete will be successful. In addition, we may use equity to finance future acquisitions, which would increase our number of shares outstanding and be dilutive to current stockholders. If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses, if the costs associated with integrating the acquired businesses exceeds our expectations, or if acquired businesses perform poorly, then our business and financial results may suffer. It is possible that the businesses we have acquired, as well as businesses we may acquire in the future, may perform worse than expected or prove to be more difficult to integrate and manage than anticipated. In addition, we may face other risks associated with acquisition transactions that may lead to a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, including: • We may have to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to acquired businesses; • The combination of businesses may result in the loss of key personnel or an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of our Company and/or the acquired business; • We may not be able to realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from our acquisitions; • We may experience challenges in entering into new market segments for which we have not previously manufactured and sold products; • We may face difficulties in coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; • The customers, distributors, suppliers, employees and others with whom the companies we acquire have business dealings may have a potentially adverse reaction to the acquisition; • We may have difficulty implementing a cohesive framework of controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at companies that, prior to acquisition, may not have as robust controls, procedures and policies, particularly with respect to the effectiveness of cyber and information security practices and incident response plans, compliance with data privacy and protection and other laws and regulations, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and sanctions that may not have previously been applicable to the acquired company’s operations; • We may have to write off goodwill or other intangible assets; and • We may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions including, but not limited to, cybersecurity risks associated with integrating our networks or systems with those of acquired entities. At times, we may also enter into strategic alliances or collaborative arrangements with customers, suppliers or other business partners with respect to development of technology and IP. These projects typically require significant investments of capital and exchange of proprietary, highly sensitive information. The success of these alliances and arrangements depends on various factors over which we may have limited or no control, including the other party’s discretion in determining the efforts and resources they will apply to the project, and requires ongoing and effective cooperation with our strategic partners and collaborators. Mergers, acquisitions, strategic alliances and collaborative arrangements are inherently subject to significant risks, and the inability to effectively manage these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Disruption of our manufacturing facilities or other operations or those of our suppliers, or in the operations of our customers, due to climate change, earthquake, flood, other natural catastrophic events, public health crises or terrorism could result in cancellation of orders, delays in deliveries or other business activities, or loss of customers and could seriously harm our business. 19 Table of Contents We have significant manufacturing operations in the U.S., Singapore, Israel, Germany, U. K., Italy and China. In addition, our business is international in nature, with our sales, service and administrative personnel and our customers and suppliers located in numerous countries throughout the world. Operations at our manufacturing facilities and our assembly subcontractors and those of our suppliers, as well as our other operations and those of our customers, are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, public health crises, fire, earthquake, volcanic eruptions, drought, storms, extreme temperatures, energy shortages, spikes in energy demand or power blackouts, disruptions in the availability of water necessary for our operations (including, but not limited to, in areas of relatively high water stress), flooding or other natural disasters. Certain of these events may become more frequent or intense as a result of climate change, or other environmental or social issues, which may in some instances also contribute to chronic changes such as sea-level rise or changes to meteorological or hydrological patterns that may also disrupt our or our suppliers’ operations or otherwise adversely impact our business. Such disruption has caused (as with the COVID-19 pandemic, for example) and could in the future cause inefficiencies in our workforce and delays in, among other things, shipments of products to our customers, our ability to perform services requested by our customers, the ability of our suppliers to supply us components for our products in a timely manner, or the timely installation and acceptance of our products at customer sites. Such disruptions could also induce illiquidity for our customers and suppliers, further straining our supply chain and causing continued uncertainty in customers’ abilities to pay for the products they purchase and their demand for our products and services. In case of any disruptions in our supply chain, we may need to commit to increased purchases and provide longer lead times to secure critical components, which could increase inventory obsolescence risk. We cannot provide any assurance that alternate means of conducting our operations (whether through alternate production capacity or service providers or otherwise) would be available if a major disruption were to occur or that, if such alternate means were available, they could be obtained on favorable terms. We maintain a program of insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty and other risks. The types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability, cost and decisions with respect to risk retention. Some of our policies have broad exclusions. In addition, one or more of our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to continue to provide certain coverage in the future or pay a claim. Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. Even where insured, there is a risk that an insurer may deny or limit coverage or may become financially incapable of covering claims. In addition, as part of our cost-cutting actions, we have consolidated several operating facilities. Our California operations are now primarily centralized in our Milpitas facility. The consolidation of our California operations into a single campus could further concentrate the risks related to any of the disruptive events described above, such as acts of war or terrorism, earthquakes, fires or other natural disasters, if any such event were to impact our Milpitas facility. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war. If international political instability or geopolitical tensions continue or increase, our business and results of operations could be harmed. The threat of terrorism targeted at, or acts of war in, the regions of the world in which we do business increases the uncertainty in our markets. Any act of terrorism or war that affects the economy or the industries we serve could adversely affect our business. Increased international political instability or geopolitical tensions in various parts of the world, disruption in air transportation and further enhanced security measures as a result of terrorist attacks may hinder our ability to do business and may increase our costs of operations. We maintain significant operations in Israel. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors, and a state of hostility varying in degree and intensity has led to security and economic challenges for Israel. Persistent hostilities involving Iran and Iran-backed groups, including Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in the Gaza Strip, have involved missile strikes against civilian targets in various parts of Israel and attacks on marine vessels traversing the Red Sea. Disruptions in shipping routes in the Red Sea could result in delays in shipping our products to customers, which could delay the timing of revenue recognition. In addition, some of our employees in Israel are obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israel Defense Forces, and may be called to active military duty in emergency circumstances. We cannot assess the impact that emergency conditions in Israel may have on our business, operations, financial condition or results of operations, but it could be material. Instability in any region could directly impact our ability to operate our business (or our customers’ ability to operate their businesses), cause us to incur increased costs in transportation, make such transportation unreliable, increase our insurance costs, and cause international currency markets to fluctuate. Instability in any region could also have the same effects on our suppliers and their ability to timely deliver their products. Our insurance does not cover losses we suffer attributable to war. If international political instability and geopolitical tensions continue or increase in any region in which we do business, our business and results of operations could be harmed. We self-insure certain risks including earthquake risk. If one or more of the uninsured events occurs, we could suffer major financial loss. 20 Table of Contents We purchase insurance to help mitigate the economic impact of certain insurable risks; however, certain risks are uninsurable, are insurable only at significant cost or cannot be mitigated with insurance. Accordingly, we may experience a loss that is not covered by insurance, either because we do not carry applicable insurance or because the loss exceeds the applicable policy amount or is less than the deductible amount of the applicable policy. For example, we do not currently hold earthquake insurance. An earthquake could significantly disrupt our manufacturing operations, a significant portion of which are conducted in California, an area highly susceptible to earthquakes. It could also significantly delay our research and engineering efforts on new products, much of which is also conducted in California. We take steps to minimize the damage that would be caused by an earthquake, but there is no certainty that our efforts will prove successful in the event of an earthquake. We self-insure earthquake risks because we believe this is a prudent financial decision based on our cash reserves and the high cost and limited coverage available in the earthquake insurance market. Certain other risks are also self-insured either based on a similar cost-benefit analysis, or based on the unavailability of insurance. If one or more of the uninsured events occurs, we could suffer major financial loss. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Although we hedge certain currency risks, we may still be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or declining economic conditions in these countries. We have some exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the Japanese Yen, the euro, the pound sterling and the new Israeli shekel. We have international subsidiaries that operate and sell our products globally. In addition, an increasing proportion of our manufacturing activities are conducted outside of the U.S., and many of the costs associated with such activities are denominated in foreign currencies. We routinely hedge our exposures to certain foreign currencies with certain financial institutions in an effort to minimize the impact of certain currency exchange rate fluctuations, but these hedges may be inadequate to protect us from currency exchange rate fluctuations. To the extent that these hedges are inadequate, or if there are significant currency exchange rate fluctuations in currencies for which we do not have hedges in place, our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if a financial counterparty to our hedges experiences financial difficulties or is otherwise unable to honor the terms of the foreign currency hedge, we may experience material financial losses. We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and the market values of our portfolio investments, and an impairment of our investments could harm our earnings. In addition, we and our stockholders are exposed to risks related to the volatility of the market for our common stock. Our investment portfolio primarily consists of both corporate and government debt securities that are susceptible to changes in market interest rates and bond yields. As market interest rates and bond yields increase, those securities with a lower yield-at-cost show a mark-to-market unrealized loss. An impairment of the fair market value of our investments, even if unrealized, must be reflected in our financial statements for the applicable period and may, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for that period. In addition, the market price for our common stock is volatile and has fluctuated significantly during recent years. The trading price of our common stock could continue to be highly volatile and fluctuate widely in response to various factors, including, without limitation, conditions in the semiconductor industry and other industries in which we operate, fluctuations in the global economy or capital markets, our operating results or other performance metrics, or adverse consequences experienced by us as a result of any of the risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A. Volatility in the market price of our common stock could cause an investor in our common stock to experience a loss on the value of their investment in us and could also adversely impact our ability to raise capital through the sale of our common stock or to use our common stock as consideration to acquire other companies. We are exposed to risks in connection with tax and regulatory compliance audits in various jurisdictions. We are subject to tax and regulatory compliance audits (such as related to customs or product safety requirements) in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income or other taxes, penalties, fines or other prohibitions against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable and that our products and practices comply with applicable regulations, the final determination of any such audit and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals related to income taxes and other contingencies. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. A change in our effective tax rate can have a significant adverse impact on our business. We earn profits in, and are therefore potentially subject to taxes in, the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Singapore and Israel, the countries in which we earn the majority of our non-U.S. profits. Due to economic, political or other 21 Table of Contents conditions, tax rates in those jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. A number of factors may adversely impact our future effective tax rates, such as the jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed; changes in the tax rates imposed by those jurisdictions; expiration of tax holidays in certain jurisdictions that are not renewed; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired in-process research and development and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions; changes in available tax credits; changes in stock-based compensation expense; changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws; changes in generally accepted accounting principles; and the repatriation of earnings from outside the U.S. for which we have not previously provided for U.S. taxes. A change in our effective tax rate can materially and adversely impact our results from operations. In addition, changes to U.S. tax laws will significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on U.S. and foreign earnings. On July 4, 2025, the enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) provides for several permanent changes to the United States tax code including, among other items, modifying the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (“GILTI”) and Foreign-Derived Intangible Income (“FDII”) rules that were included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was enacted into law on December 22, 2017. The OBBBA renames GILTI to Net Controlled Foreign Corporation (“CFC”) Tested Income (“NCTI”) and modifies the percentage of foreign earnings under the GILTI regime that is taxable in the U.S. from 50% to 40% for tax years beginning after December 31, 2025. It also renames FDII to Foreign-Derived Deduction Eligible Income (“FDDEI”) and modifies the percentage of U.S. earnings under the FDII regime that is not subject to tax in the U.S. from 37.5% to 33.34% for tax years beginning after December 31, 2025. The net impact of the changes provided by the OBBBA and interpretations of such law may have a material and adverse impact to our effective tax rate beginning in the quarter ending September 30, 2026. On August 16, 2022, the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”) introduced a corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) that was effective for us beginning in the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The CAMT applies a 15% minimum income tax rate on certain large corporations. Although we were not subject to the CAMT in our fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, the enactment of the OBBBA and interpretations of such law may result in our subjection to CAMT liability in future periods, which can have a material and adverse impact to our future effective tax rate. Numerous countries are evaluating their existing tax laws due, in part, to recommendations made by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (“OECD”) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) project. The OECD continues to advance its work under the BEPS 2.0 initiative to develop the framework for Pillar Two, which aims to implement a global minimum tax of 15%. Many countries have enacted or drafted legislation using the Pillar Two framework to propose domestic tax laws requiring a minimum tax rate of 15% (“top-up tax”) on income earned in the respective countries. One country that has adopted Pillar Two legislation is Singapore, where KLA earns significant profits and currently benefits from tax incentives granted by the Singapore Economic Development Board. The tax liability from top-up tax may have a material and adverse impact to our effective tax rate beginning in the quarter ending September 30, 2026. Compliance with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ requirements, has become increasingly complex, and the significant attention and expense we must devote to those areas may have an adverse impact on our business. Federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ rules and regulations, require companies to maintain extensive corporate governance measures, impose comprehensive reporting and disclosure requirements, set strict independence and financial expertise standards for audit and other committee members and impose civil and criminal penalties for companies and their chief executive officers, chief financial officers and directors for securities law violations. These laws, rules and regulations have increased, and in the future are expected to continue to increase, the scope, complexity and cost of our corporate governance, reporting and disclosure practices, which could harm our results of operations and divert management’s attention from business operations. A change in accounting standards or practices or a change in existing taxation rules or practices (or changes in interpretations of such standards, practices or rules) can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. New accounting standards and taxation rules and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements and taxation rules have occurred and will continue to occur in the future. Changes to (or revised interpretations or applications of) existing accounting standards or tax rules or the questioning of current or past practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. Adoption of new standards may require changes to our processes, accounting systems, and internal controls. Difficulties encountered during adoption could result in internal control deficiencies or delay the reporting of our financial results. 22 Table of Contents Risks Associated with Our Industry Ongoing changes in the technology industry, as well as the semiconductor industry in particular, could expose our business to significant risks. The industries we serve, including the semiconductor and PCB industries, are constantly developing and changing. Many of the risks associated with operating in these industries are comparable to the risks faced by all technology companies, such as the uncertainty of future growth rates in the industries that we serve, pricing trends in the end-markets for consumer electronics and other products (which place a growing emphasis on our customers’ cost of ownership), rising inflation in the supply chain and interest rates, changes in our customers’ capital spending patterns and, in general, an environment of constant change and development, including decreasing product and component dimensions, use of new materials, and increasingly complex device structures, applications and process steps. If we fail to appropriately adjust our cost structure and operations to adapt to any of these trends, or, with respect to technological advances, if we do not timely develop new technologies and products that successfully anticipate and address these changes, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, we face a number of risks specific to ongoing changes in the semiconductor industry, as a significant majority of our sales are our process control and yield management products sold to semiconductor manufacturers. The trends our management monitors in operating our business include the following: • The potential for reversal of the long-term historical trend of declining cost per transistor with each new generation of technological advancement within the semiconductor industry, and the adverse impact that such reversal may have upon our business; • The increasing cost of building and operating fabrication facilities and the impact of such increases on our customers’ capital equipment investment decisions; • Differing market growth rates and capital requirements for different applications, such as memory and foundry/logic; • Lower level of process control adoption by our memory customers compared to our foundry/logic customers; • Our customers’ reuse of existing and installed products, which may decrease their need to purchase new products or solutions at more advanced technology nodes; • The emergence of disruptive technologies that change the prevailing semiconductor manufacturing processes (or the economics associated with semiconductor manufacturing) and, as a result, also impact the inspection and metrology requirements associated with such processes; • The higher design costs for the most advanced ICs, which could economically constrain leading-edge manufacturing technology customers to focus their resources on only the large, technologically advanced products and applications; • The possible introduction of integrated products by our larger competitors that offer inspection and metrology functionality in addition to managing other semiconductor manufacturing processes; • Changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes that are extremely costly for our customers to implement and, accordingly, our customers could reduce their available budgets for process control equipment by reducing inspection and metrology sampling rates for certain technologies; • The bifurcation of the semiconductor manufacturing industry into (a) leading edge manufacturers driving continued R&D into next-generation products and technologies and (b) other manufacturers that are content with existing (including previous generation) products and technologies; • The ever escalating cost of next-generation product development, which may result in joint development programs between us and our customers or government entities to help fund such programs that could restrict our control and ownership of and profitability from the products and technologies developed through those programs; and • The entry by some semiconductor manufacturers into collaboration or sharing arrangements for capacity, cost or risk with other manufacturers, as well as increased outsourcing of their manufacturing activities, and greater focus only on specific markets or applications, whether in response to adverse market conditions or other market pressures. Any of the changes described above may negatively affect our customers’ rate of investment in the capital equipment that we produce, which could result in downward pressure on our prices, customer orders, revenues and gross margins. If we do not successfully manage the risks resulting from any of these or other potential changes in our industries, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely impacted. 23 Table of Contents We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base. Our customer base, particularly in the semiconductor industry, historically has been highly concentrated due to corporate consolidation, acquisitions and business closures. In this environment, orders from a relatively limited number of manufacturers have accounted for, and are expected to continue to account for, a substantial portion of our sales. This increasing concentration exposes our business, financial condition and operating results to a number of risks, including the following: • The mix and type of customers, and sales to any single customer, may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, which expose our business and operating results to increased volatility tied to individual customers; • New orders from our foundry/logic customers in the past several years have constituted a significant portion of our total orders. This concentration increases the impact that future business or technology changes within the foundry/logic industry may have on our business, financial condition and operating results; • In a highly concentrated business environment, if a particular customer does not place an order, or if they delay or cancel orders, we may not be able to replace the business. Furthermore, because our process control and yield management products are configured to each customer’s specifications, any changes, delays or cancellations of orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs; • As a result of this consolidation, the customers that survive the consolidation represent a greater portion of our sales and, consequently, have greater commercial negotiating leverage. Many of our large customers have more aggressive policies regarding engaging alternative, second-source suppliers for the products we offer and, in addition, may seek and, on occasion, receive pricing, payment, IP-related or other commercial terms that may have an adverse impact on our business and we may not be able to pass on the cost of inflation to our customers. Any of these changes could negatively impact our prices, customer orders, revenues and gross margins; • Certain customers have undergone significant ownership changes, created alliances with other companies, experienced management changes or have outsourced manufacturing activities, any of which may result in additional complexities in managing customer relationships and transactions. Any future change in ownership or management of our existing customers may result in similar challenges, including the possibility of the successor entity or new management deciding to select a competitor’s products; • The highly concentrated business environment also increases our exposure to risks related to the financial condition of each of our customers. For example, as a result of the challenging economic environment during fiscal year 2009, we were (and, in some cases, continue to be) exposed to additional risks related to the continued financial viability of certain of our customers. To the extent our customers experience liquidity issues in the future, we may be required to incur additional credit losses with respect to receivables owed to us by those customers. In addition, customers with liquidity issues may be forced to reduce purchases of our equipment, delay deliveries of our products, discontinue operations or may be acquired by one of our customers, and, in either case, such event would have the effect of further consolidating our customer base; • Semiconductor manufacturers generally must commit significant resources to qualify, install and integrate process control and yield management equipment into a semiconductor production line. We believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier’s process control and yield management equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line application for an extended period of time. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer for that specific production line application and other similar production line applications if that customer initially selects a competitor’s equipment; and • Prices differ among the products we offer for different applications due to differences in features offered or manufacturing costs. If there is a shift in demand by our customers from our higher-priced to lower-priced products, our gross margin and revenues would decrease. In addition, when products are initially introduced, they tend to have higher costs because of initial development costs and lower production volumes relative to the previous product generation, which can impact gross margin. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We operate in industries that have historically been cyclical, including the semiconductor industry. The purchasing decisions of our customers are highly dependent on the economies of both the local markets in which they are located and the condition of the industry worldwide. If we fail to respond to industry cycles, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely impacted. The timing, length and severity of the up-and-down cycles in the industries in which we serve are difficult to predict. The historically cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry in which we primarily operate is largely a function of our customers’ capital spending patterns and need for