 Our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control. Any of the risks discussed below, as well as factors described in other places in this Form 10-K, or in our other filings with the SEC, could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these items could cause our future results to differ from those in any of our forward-looking statements. These risks are not the only ones we face. Other risks that we do not presently know about or that we presently believe are not material could also adversely affect us. Business Operations Significant increases in prices for raw materials, energy, transportation or other necessary supplies or services, without corresponding increases in our selling prices, could adversely affect our financial results. Increases in the cost and availability of raw materials, including pulp and petroleum-based materials, the cost of energy, transportation and other necessary services, supplier constraints, supplier consolidation which could limit our sources of supply for these items, an inability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relations, the impact of health pandemics or an inability to avoid disruptions in production output could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or recycled fiber from recovered waste paper, is used extensively in our tissue products and is subject to significant price fluctuations. Cellulose fiber, in the form of fluff pulp, is a key component in our disposable diapers, training and youth pants, feminine and incontinence care products, and other related products. In past years, pulp prices have experienced significant volatility. Increases in pulp prices or limits in the availability of recycled fiber could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted or if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in pulp prices. We utilize a variety of pricing structures and revenue growth management strategies to manage these risks. A number of our products, such as diapers, training and youth pants, feminine pads, incontinence care products and disposable wipes, contain certain materials that are principally derived from petroleum. These materials are subject to price fluctuations based on changes in petroleum prices, availability and other factors, with these prices experiencing significant volatility in recent years. We purchase these materials from a number of suppliers. Significant increases in prices for these materials could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted, if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in prices for these materials, or if we do not utilize lower priced substitutes for these materials. Our manufacturing operations utilize electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels. To help ensure we use energy efficiently and cost-effectively, we maintain energy efficiency improvement programs at our manufacturing sites. Our contracts with energy suppliers vary as to price, payment terms, quantities and duration. Our energy costs are also affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions (including actions taken to address climate change and related market responses) and geopolitical factors. There can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources. There can be no assurance that our efforts to minimize the impact of increased costs, including increasing selling prices, in response to the increased costs will be successful. Failure of key technology systems, cyberattacks, privacy breaches or data breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. To conduct our business, we rely extensively on information and operational technology systems, many of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors. These systems include, but are not limited to, programs and processes relating to internal communications and communicating with customers, consumers, vendors, investors and other parties; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; converting materials to finished products; receiving and processing purchase orders and shipping products to customers; processing transactions; storing, processing and transmitting data, including personal confidential information and payment card industry data; supporting employee data processing for our global workforce; hosting, processing and 6 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report sharing confidential and proprietary research, business and financial information; and complying with financial reporting, regulatory, legal and tax requirements. Furthermore, we sell certain products directly to consumers online and through websites, mobile apps and connected devices, and we also engage in online activities, including data collection, promotions, rebates and customer loyalty and other programs, through which we may receive personal information. A breach or other breakdown in our technology, including a cyberattack, privacy incident, data incident or other event involving us or any of our third-party service providers or vendors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Despite the security measures we have in place, the information and operational technology systems, including those of our customers, vendors, suppliers and other third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, have, in the past, and may, in the future, be vulnerable to cyber-threats such as computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, cyber extortion, security incidents, denial of service attacks, unauthorized access, phishing attacks, social engineering and other disruptions from employee error, unauthorized uses, system failures, including Internet outages, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors or cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups, nation-states and nation-state-sponsored organizations and social-activist organizations. We have seen and may continue to see an increase in the number of such attacks, especially as we continue operating under a hybrid working model under which employees can work and access our technology infrastructure remotely. Furthermore, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. In addition, while we have purchased cybersecurity insurance, costs related to a cyberattack may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or be excluded under the terms of our cybersecurity insurance policy. As cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as appropriate for our operations. Our security efforts and the efforts of our third-party providers may not prevent or timely detect future attacks and resulting breaches or breakdowns of our, or third-party service providers’, databases or systems. In addition, if we or our third-party providers are unable to effectively resolve such breaches or breakdowns on a timely basis, we may experience interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business, as well as reputational harm, governmental fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings, and litigation and remediation expenses. In addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure and misuse of material confidential information, including personal identifying information. Cyber-threats are becoming more sophisticated, are constantly evolving and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and this increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and data protection standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. Increased regulation of data collection, use, and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, including reporting requirements, enactment of new laws and regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business. In addition, data incidents or theft of personal information collected by us and our third-party service providers as well as data incidents or theft of our information may occur. We are subject to the laws and regulations of various countries where we operate or do business related to solicitation, collection, processing, transferring, storing or use of consumer, customer, vendor or employee information or related data. These laws and regulations change frequently, and new legislation continues to be introduced and may be interpreted and applied differently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. The changes introduced by data privacy and protection regulations increase the complexity of regulations enacted to protect business and personal data and they subject us to additional costs. These laws and regulations also may result in us incurring additional expenses and liabilities in the event of unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal data. We are in the process of upgrading our enterprise resource planning system (known as SAP) to enhance operating efficiencies and provide more effective management of our business operations. We also use various other hardware, software and operating systems that may need to be upgraded or replaced in the near future as such systems cease to be supported by third-party service providers, and may be vulnerable to increased risks, including the risk of security breaches, system failures and disruptions. System upgrades take time, require oversight and 7 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report may be costly, and pose several challenges, including training of personnel, communication of new rules and procedures, migration of data, increased risk of security breaches, and the potential instability of the new system. Moreover, there is no assurance that the new enterprise resource planning system will meet our current and future business needs or that it will operate as designed. Any significant failure or delay in system upgrades could cause an interruption to our business and adversely affect our operations and financial results. Our international operations are subject to foreign market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, currency restrictions, political, social and economic instability, and the imposition of increased or new tariffs, which may adversely affect our financial results. Our strategy includes operations growth outside the U.S., especially in developing markets such as China, Eastern Europe, ASEAN and Latin America. About half of our net sales come from markets outside the U.S. We and our equity companies have manufacturing facilities in 30 countries and sell products in a substantial majority of countries around the world. Our results may be adversely affected by a number of foreign market risks: • Exposure to the movement of various currencies against each other and the U.S. dollar. Among other impacts, these movements could cause increases in dollar-based input costs for operations outside the U.S. due to weaker foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. A portion of the exposures, arising from transactions and commitments denominated in non-local currencies, is systematically managed through foreign currency forward and swap contracts where available and economically advantageous. We do not generally hedge our income statement translation exposure with respect to foreign operations. • Increases in currency exchange restrictions. These restrictions could limit our ability to repatriate earnings from outside the U.S. or obtain currency exchange for U.S. dollar inputs to continue operating in certain countries. • Adverse political conditions. Risks related to political instabilities and hostilities (including the war in Ukraine), expropriation, new or revised legal or regulatory constraints, difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, and potentially adverse tax consequences could adversely affect our financial results. • The imposition of increased or new tariffs, sanctions, export controls, quotas, trade barriers, price floors or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities, potential changes in U.S. trade programs and trade relations with other countries, or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively affect our sales or profitability. • Greater economic volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD&A") and Item 8, Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our adoption of highly inflationary accounting in Argentina and Türkiye . There is no guarantee that our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be successful. We continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations. In March 2024, we announced our 2024 Transformation Initiative intended to improve our focus on growth and reduce our structural cost base by realigning our internal operating and management structure to streamline our global supply chain and improve the efficiency of our corporate and regional overhead cost structures. In addition, we expect ongoing cost savings from our continuous improvement activities. We anticipate these cost savings will result from reducing material costs and manufacturing waste and realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions in each of our business segments and in our corporate functions. Any negative impact these plans have on our relationships with employees, suppliers or customers or any failure to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings could adversely affect our financial results. Our operations in Russia and the surrounding region are impacted by the war in Ukraine. The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our operations in Russia and the surrounding region. Consistent with the humanitarian nature of our products, we 8 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report manufacture and sell only essential items in Russia, such as baby diapers and feminine pads, which are critical to the health and hygiene of women, girls and babies. Beginning in March 2022, we significantly adjusted our business in Russia, substantially curtailing media, advertising and promotional activity and suspending capital investments, other than certain maintenance investments, in our sole manufacturing facility in Russia. Our ability to continue our operations in Russia may change as the situation evolves. We have experienced high input costs, supply chain complexities, reduced consumer demand, restricted access to raw materials and production assets, and restricted access to financial institutions, as well as supply chain, professional services, monetary, currency, trade and payment/investment sanctions and related controls. As the business, geopolitical and regulatory environment concerning Russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. Moreover, the war in Ukraine could result in cyber-based attacks to our information technology systems, disruptions to foreign exchange rates and financial and credit markets and amplify or affect the other risk factors set forth in this Part I, Item 1A, any of which may adversely affect our business. Damage to the reputation of Kimberly-Clark or to one or more of our brands could adversely affect our business. Developing and maintaining our reputation, as well as the reputation of our brands, is a critical factor in our relationship with consumers, customers, suppliers and others. Our inability to address adverse publicity or other issues, including with respect to product safety, quality, efficacy, environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management), substances and ingredients of potential concern, inclusion and belonging, human rights and other social responsibility or similar matters, or breaches of consumer, customer, supplier, employee or other confidential information, real or perceived, could negatively impact sentiment towards us and our products and brands, and our business and financial results could suffer. In addition, our products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality issues. Consumers increasing use and reliance on social media for information could increase the risk of adverse publicity, potentially with negative perception of our products or brands. Negative posts or comments about our company, our brands or our employees on social media or web sites (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to use of our social media accounts and failure to respond effectively to these posts, comments or activities could damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we operate. Placement of our advertisements in social media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. Our brands may be associated with or appear alongside harmful content before these platforms or our own social media monitoring can detect this risk to our brand. Our business and results could also be negatively impacted by the effects of product-related litigation, allegations of product tampering or contamination, or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products. Our inability to attract and retain key personnel could adversely impact our business. We must attract, hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We are experiencing an increasingly tight and competitive labor market and, should conditions worsen, we could experience greater turnover. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs over time, such as increased overtime to meet demand, and increased wages to attract and retain employees. Additionally, with our rapidly changing environment, it is critical to ensure we have the right skills, capabilities and experience needed to respond to evolving consumer and customer needs. Failure to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities could disrupt our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Disruption in our supply chain or our manufacturing or distribution operations could adversely affect our business . Our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products is critical to our operations. These activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes or labor shortages, terrorism, epidemics, pandemics, import restrictions, regional economic, business, environmental or political events (including the war in Ukraine), governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could disrupt our supply chain and impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. This interruption, if not mitigated in advance or otherwise effectively managed, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to address. 9 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report We have a complex network of suppliers, including a number of sole-source and single-source suppliers for certain commodities and raw material inputs. In addition, third parties manufacture some of our products and provide certain administrative services. Disruptions or delays at these suppliers, third-party manufacturers or service providers due to the reasons above or the failure of these parties, manufacturers or service providers to otherwise satisfactorily perform, could adversely impact our operations, sales, payments to our suppliers, employees, and others, and our ability to report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. In the case of our sole-source suppliers, failure to successfully negotiate satisfactory purchase terms could adversely impact our business. Our engagement in business development activities, including acquisitions or divestitures of product lines or businesses, could impact our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. We have pursued, and expect to continue to pursue, various business development activities, including joint ventures, equity investments, licensing agreements and acquisitions or divestitures of product lines or businesses. Such activities involve numerous risks, including risk of litigation or regulatory actions, unexpected costs or expenses, difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of acquired product lines or businesses, estimation and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, business disruption during the pendency of or following the proposed transaction, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. Such activities may affect the ability of the Company to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, stockholders and others. We may be unable to successfully integrate and manage product lines or businesses that we acquire. Divestitures may adversely impact our results if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested products or businesses, or mitigate overhead costs allocated to those businesses. Furthermore, divestitures could adversely affect our ongoing business operations, including by enhancing our competitors' positions or reducing consumer confidence in our ongoing brands and products. We may be unable to achieve anticipated benefits or cost savings from business development activities in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage business development activities, including acquisitions and divestitures, with the results we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Disruptions in the credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our business. We access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. Our financial performance, our short- and long-term debt credit ratings, interest rates, the stability of financial institutions with which we partner, geopolitical or national political developments, the stability and liquidity of the overall global capital markets and the state of the global economy, could affect our access to, and the availability and cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions and our ability to pay dividends in the future. We regularly access the commercial paper market for ongoing funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings. Disruptions in the credit markets, limitations on our ability to borrow, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in our borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 10 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Climate change and other sustainability matters may adversely affect our business and operations. There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, water availability and quality, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. We have transition risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and physical risks related to the physical impacts of climate change. Transition risks include increased costs of carbon emission, increased cost to produce products in compliance with future regulations, increased raw materials cost, shifts in customer/consumer values and other legal, regulatory and technological risks. Physical risks include the risk of direct damage to assets or supply chain disruption caused by severe weather events such as floods, storms, wildfires and droughts. In addition, concern over climate change by governments and regulators globally have resulted and may continue to result in new legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment (or conversely, to restrict activities to address or consider climate change and related matters). Compliance with these requirements may increase our costs of doing business, including to the extent these reporting regimes are inconsistent. There is also increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors and investment managers, customers, suppliers, consumers, our employees and other stakeholders on these and other sustainability matters, including responsible sourcing and deforestation, the use of plastic, energy and water, the recyclability or recoverability of packaging, including single-use and other plastic packaging and ingredient transparency. At the same time, there is growing opposition to initiatives on these matters, including the enactment or proposal of “Anti-ESG” legislation or policies, and our public reporting on our sustainability initiatives, expectations, and progress, including our ambitions for 2030, may not satisfy the expectations of all stakeholders. These stakeholders may rely on their assessment or perception (or a third-party’s assessment) of our sustainability practices to inform their future engagement with our company, products, and securities. Any failure to achieve our sustainability goals, including those aimed to reduce our impact on, improve or preserve the environment, or the perception (whether or not valid) that we have failed to act responsibly with respect to such matters or to effectively respond to new legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change, could adversely affect our business and reputation, including the loss of customers or business opportunities and legal or regulatory proceedings. Marketing and Competition Intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We operate in highly competitive domestic and international markets against well-known, branded products and low-cost or private label products. Inherent risks in our competitive strategy include uncertainties concerning trade and consumer acceptance, the effects of consolidation within retailer and distribution channels, a growing e-commerce marketplace, and customers' and competitors' actions. Our competitors for these markets include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers. Some of these competitors may have better access to financial resources and greater market penetration, which enable them to offer a wider variety of products and services at more competitive prices. Alternatively, some of these competitors may have significantly lower product development and manufacturing costs, particularly with respect to private label products, allowing them to offer products at a lower price. E-commerce potentially intensifies competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. The actions of these competitors could adversely affect our financial results. In order to stay competitive, it may be necessary for us to lower prices on our products and increase spending on advertising and promotions, which could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, foreign governments may decide to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers, including our company. These actions could have a significant negative effect on our pricing, market share and operating results in these markets. We may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products. Demand for our products may change based on many factors, including shifting consumer purchasing patterns to lower cost options such as private-label products and mid to lower-tier value products, low birth rates in certain countries due to slow economic growth or other factors, negative customer or consumer response to pricing actions, consumer shifts in distribution from traditional retailers to e-tailers, subscription services and direct to consumer businesses, changing consumer preferences due to increased concerns in regard to post-consumer waste and packaging 11 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report materials and their impact on environmental sustainability, the impact of health pandemics or other changes in consumer trends or habits. If we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease. Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations (including advancements such as artificial intelligence, machine learnings and augmented reality, which may become critical in understanding consumer preferences in the future), and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. In addition, we incur substantial development and marketing costs in introducing new and improved products and technologies. The introduction of a new consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to maintain its relative market position. Some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions. We may not be successful in developing new or improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry, and we may not be successful in advertising, marketing, timely launching and selling our products, including through the use of digital and social media. Also, if we fail to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights (including in response to developments in artificial intelligence technologies), we may be less competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and financial condition. Increasing dependence on key retailers and the emergence of new sales channels may adversely affect our business. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which continues to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and e-tailers. With the consolidation of retail trade, both traditional retailers and e-tailers, we are dependent on key customers, and some of these customers, including large-format retailers and large e-tailers, may have significant bargaining power. They may use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts or allowances which could lead to reduced profitability. We may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail trade customers, such as inventory destocking, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, additional requirements related to safety, environmental, social and other sustainability issues, and other conditions. If we lose a significant customer or if sales of our products to a significant customer materially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Legal and Regulatory Government regulations and enforcement, and potential litigation, could have an adverse effect on our financial results. As a global company, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and governmental regulations across all of the countries in which we do business, including laws and regulations involving marketing, antitrust, anti-bribery or anti-corruption, data privacy, product liability, product composition or formulation, packaging content or corporate responsibility after consumer purchase, environmental impact, intellectual property, employment, healthcare, tax or other matters. We could be subject to significant legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving customers, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. While it is our policy and practice to comply with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business, we cannot provide assurance that our employees and agents will follow our policies and procedures at all times. A finding that we are in violation of, or out of compliance with, applicable laws or regulations could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, damages, injunctions, product recalls or criminal sanctions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Whether or not a claim is successful, without merit or not fully pursued, negative publicity arising from allegations regarding our products, processes or business practices could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. 12 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report In addition, new or revised laws, regulations or their interpretation may alter the environment in which we do business which could adversely impact our financial results. For example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs to us, directly for our compliance, or indirectly to the extent suppliers increase prices of goods and services because of increased compliance costs, excise taxes or reduced availability of raw materials. While we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery. New or revised tax regulations could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and internationally. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Some jurisdictions have unpredictable enforcement activity. Increases in applicable tax rates, implementation of new taxes, changes in applicable tax laws and interpretations of these tax laws and actions by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate could reduce our after-tax income and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Risks Relating to the Pending Mergers with Kenvue K-C stockholders and Kenvue stockholders, in each case as of immediately prior to the mergers, will have reduced ownership in the combined company and less influence over management. We anticipate issuing approximately 280 million shares of common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The actual number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement will be determined at the closing of the mergers based on the number of shares of Kenvue common stock outstanding immediately prior to the first merger. The issuance of these new shares could have the effect of depressing the market price of our common stock, through dilution of earnings per share or otherwise. Any dilution of, or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause the price of our common stock to decline or increase at a reduced rate. Immediately after the closing of the mergers, it is expected that K-C stockholders as of immediately prior to the mergers will own approximately 54%, and Kenvue stockholders as of immediately prior to the mergers will own approximately 46%, of the issued and outstanding shares of K-C common stock, in each case calculated based on the fully diluted market capitalizations of K-C and Kenvue as of the date of signing of the Merger Agreement. As a result, current K-C stockholders and current Kenvue stockholders will have less influence on the management and policies of the combined company than they currently have on the management and policies of K-C and Kenvue, respectively. The mergers may not be completed and the Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms. The mergers are subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the closing of the mergers, including, among other things, (i) the receipt of regulatory approvals, (ii) the absence of any legal restraint in effect that would prevent, make illegal, enjoin or prohibit the consummation of the mergers, (iii) the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties made as of the date the Merger Agreement was entered into and as of the date the mergers are completed, subject to materiality standards, and (iv) the performance by all parties to the Merger Agreement in all material respects of all obligations required to be performed at or prior to closing. These conditions to the consummation of the mergers may not be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the mergers may be delayed or may not be completed. In addition, if the first merger is not completed by November 2, 2026 (subject to automatic extension to the extent the only conditions not satisfied are those related to certain regulatory approvals or the absence of a legal restraint prohibiting the closing), either K-C or Kenvue may choose not to proceed with the mergers by terminating the Merger Agreement, and the parties can mutually decide to terminate the Merger Agreement at any time, before or after stockholder approval. In addition, K-C and Kenvue may elect to terminate the Merger Agreement in certain other circumstances, including, among other things, (i) failing to cure the breach of a representation, warranty or 13 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report covenant without which a closing condition would not be satisfied, or (ii) a final and non-appealable legal restraint enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the mergers. Failure to complete the mergers, or a delay in the closing of the mergers, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions that must be fulfilled to complete the mergers. Those conditions include, among others, certain regulatory approvals. A number of the conditions are not within our control and may prevent, delay or otherwise materially adversely affect the closing of the mergers. We cannot predict with certainty whether and when any of the required closing conditions will be satisfied or if another uncertainty may arise, and cannot assure you that we will be able to timely complete the mergers as currently contemplated under the Merger Agreement or at all. Our business, results of operations, financial condition or stock price could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way, by the failure to complete the mergers, or by a delay in the closing of the mergers, and we or Kenvue may suffer consequences that could adversely affect their business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price, including the following: • We may not realize any or all of the potential benefits of the mergers, including any synergies that could result from combining its financial and business resources with those of Kenvue; • Matters relating to the mergers will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company; • We have incurred and will incur further substantial expenses in connection with the mergers, including financial advisory, legal, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/retention employee benefit-related costs and other regulatory fees and other costs relating to the mergers regardless of whether the mergers are completed; • We may be subject to legal proceedings related to the potential delay of, or failure to complete, the mergers; • We may experience disruption to our business resulting from the pendency of the mergers, including adverse changes in relationships with, or loss of, customers, business partners and employees, which may not be reversible and may continue or even intensify in the event the mergers are delayed or not completed; • We may experience negative reactions to the mergers, including if the mergers are not completed, from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of our common stock; and • Under the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to completing the mergers, which restrictions could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business as we otherwise would have done if not subject to these restrictions. In addition to the above risks, if the Merger Agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, either K-C or Kenvue may be required to pay the other a termination fee of $1.136 billion if (i) Kenvue or K-C, as applicable, terminates the Merger Agreement because the K-C board or Kenvue board of directors, as applicable, made an adverse recommendation change or (ii) the Merger Agreement is terminated after the outside date or because of a terminable breach including a K-C or Kenvue takeover proposal, as applicable (made or publicly announced prior to termination or entered into within twelve months of such termination). Litigation relating to the mergers could result in an injunction delaying or preventing the closing of the mergers and/or substantial costs or otherwise negatively affect our business and operations. Following the announcement of the mergers, certain complaints related to the mergers and the related joint proxy statement/prospectus were filed. Additional stockholder complaints, including stockholder class action complaints, and other complaints may be filed in the future against us, the K-C board, and others in connection with the mergers. The outcome of such litigation cannot be predicted, including the potential costs of defense or other liabilities that may arise. Future lawsuits that may be filed could delay or prevent the mergers, divert the attention of our management and employees from their day-to-day business or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition and cause us not to realize, or delay in realizing, some or all of the benefits we expect to achieve upon completion of the mergers. 14 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report We will continue to incur substantial transaction-related costs in connection with the mergers. We have incurred significant financial advisory, legal, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/retention employee benefit-related costs and other regulatory fees and other costs relating to the mergers. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, additional costs in connection with the satisfaction of the various conditions to closing of the mergers. If there is any delay in the consummation of the mergers, these costs could increase significantly. If the mergers are completed, the combined company may not perform as we or the market expects and may fail to realize the projected benefits and cost savings of the mergers, which could adversely affect the value of the common stock held by our stockholders. The success of the combined company will depend, in part, on the ability of the combined company to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining K-C’s and Kenvue’s respective businesses, including operational and other synergies that we believe the combined company will be able to achieve. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the mergers may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. Risks that may be associated with the combined company include, among others, the risks related to market fluctuations, failure of integration, unforeseen liabilities, employee and customer retention and increased indebtedness. The market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate after the mergers. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly following the closing of the mergers and holders of our common stock could lose some or all of the value of their investment. In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent times which, if they continue to occur, could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The market price of our common stock after the closing of the mergers may be affected by factors different from those that historically have affected or currently affect our common stock or Kenvue common stock. Our financial position after the closing of the mergers may differ from our financial position before the closing of the mergers, and our results of operations or cash flows after the closing of the mergers may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting our financial position or results of operations or cash flows, or those of Kenvue. Accordingly, the market price and performance of our common stock after the closing of the mergers likely will be different from the performance of our common stock or Kenvue common stock in the absence of the mergers. In addition, general fluctuations in stock markets could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The failure to integrate the businesses and operations of K-C and Kenvue successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect the future results of the combined company. K-C and Kenvue have operated and, until the closing of the mergers, will continue to operate independently. Following the closing of the mergers, their respective businesses may not be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key K-C employees or key Kenvue employees, the loss of customers, service providers, vendors or other business counterparties, the disruption of either company’s or both companies’ ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with and following the closing of the mergers or higher-than-expected integration costs and an overall post-closing integration process that takes longer 15 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report than originally anticipated. Specifically, the following challenges, among others, must be addressed in integrating the operations of K-C and Kenvue in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the mergers: • Combining the companies’ operations and corporate functions and the resulting difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex, diversified business and a larger portfolio of products; • Combining the businesses of K-C and Kenvue in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated to result from the mergers; • Integrating and managing new product lines; • Avoiding delays in connection with the mergers or the integration process; • Integrating personnel from the two companies and minimizing the loss of key employees; • Identifying and eliminating redundant functions and assets; • Harmonizing the companies’ operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls, compliance and other policies, procedures and processes; • Maintaining existing agreements with customers, service providers, vendors and other business counterparties and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, service providers, vendors and other business counterparties; • Addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; and • Consolidating the companies’ operating, administrative and information technology infrastructure and financial systems. In addition, at times, the attention of certain members of either company’s or both companies’ management and other resources may be focused on the closing of the mergers and the integration of the two businesses and as such diverted from day-to-day business operations or other opportunities that may be beneficial to either company, which may disrupt either company’s ongoing operations and the operations of the combined company. The mergers may result in a loss of customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants and other business counterparties and may result in the termination of existing contracts. Following the mergers, some of the customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants and other business counterparties of K-C or Kenvue may terminate or scale back their current or prospective business relationships with the combined company. In addition, K-C and Kenvue have contracts with customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants and other business counterparties that may require K-C or Kenvue to obtain consents from these other parties in connection with the mergers, which may not be obtained on favorable terms or at all. If relationships with customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants or other business counterparties are adversely affected by the mergers, or if the combined company loses the benefits of the contracts of K-C or Kenvue, the business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the combined company could be materially and adversely affected. The indebtedness of the combined company following consummation of the mergers will be substantially greater than K-C’s indebtedness on a standalone basis and greater than the combined indebtedness of K-C and Kenvue, in each case, existing prior to the announcement of the Merger Agreement. The indebtedness of the combined company could adversely affect its business flexibility. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $7.2 billion of outstanding indebtedness. We expect to incur acquisition-related debt financing to fund the Cash Consideration (as defined in Item 8, Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) in addition to any existing indebtedness of Kenvue we assume following consummation of the mergers. We are reviewing the treatment of Kenvue’s existing indebtedness and may, but are not obligated to refinance, repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate all or a portion of Kenvue’s existing indebtedness in connection with or following the consummation of the mergers. We and/or Kenvue may also conduct one or more 16 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report exchange offers, offers to purchase and/or consent solicitations, but no decisions with respect thereto have been made as of the issuance of these financial statements. The combined company’s substantially increased indebtedness will reduce its flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, and could have adverse effects on its financial condition, cash flows or results of operations, including by: • Imposing additional cash requirements on the combined company in order to support interest payments, which would reduce the amount available to fund its operations and other business activities; • Increasing the combined company’s borrowing costs and the risk of default on debt obligations of the combined company; • Increasing the vulnerability of the combined company to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, economic downturns and adverse developments in its business; • Limiting the ability of the combined company to sell assets, engage in strategic transactions, declare and pay dividends or obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate and other purposes; • Limiting the flexibility of the combined company in planning for or reacting to changes in its business and the industry in which it operates; • Increasing the exposure of the combined company to a rise in interest rates, which would generate greater interest expense to the extent the combined company does not have applicable interest rate fluctuation hedges; and • Reducing funds available to engage in investments in product development, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases and other activities, thereby creating competitive disadvantages for K-C relative to other companies with lower debt levels. In connection with the debt refinancing related to the mergers, we expect to seek ratings of the indebtedness of the combined company from one or more nationally recognized credit rating agencies. Such credit ratings would reflect each rating organization’s opinion of the combined company’s financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet its debt obligations. Such credit ratings may affect the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. There can be no assurance that the combined company will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future. In addition, the combined company’s ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing of this existing debt will depend on, among other factors, its financial condition and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond its control. There can be no assurance that the combined company will be able to obtain additional financing or refinance existing debt on favorable terms or at all. We may record goodwill and other intangible assets that could become impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations in the future. In accordance with ASC 805, the mergers will be accounted for as an acquisition by K-C pursuant to the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Under the acquisition method of accounting, we will record the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of Kenvue and its subsidiaries as of the closing of the mergers, at their respective fair values. Our reported financial condition and results of operations for periods after the closing of the mergers will reflect Kenvue balances and results after the closing of the mergers but will not be restated retroactively to reflect the historical financial position or results of operations of Kenvue and its subsidiaries for periods prior to the mergers. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to Kenvue’s tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets based on their fair values as of the date of the closing of the mergers, with any excess purchase price allocated to goodwill. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles, if any, becomes impaired in the future, we may be required to recognize material non-cash charges relating to such 17 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report impairment. Our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment. 