” and elsewhere in this report; and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Part I ITEM 1. BUSINESS In this report, the terms “The Coca-Cola Company,” “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean The Coca-Cola Company and all entities included in our consolidated financial statements. General The Coca-Cola Company is a total beverage company, and beverage products bearing our trademarks, sold in the United States since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries and territories. We own or license and market numerous beverage brands, which we group into the following categories: Trademark Coca-Cola; sparkling flavors; water, sports, coffee and tea; juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages; and emerging beverages. We own and market several of the world’s largest nonalcoholic sparkling soft drink brands, including Coca-Cola, Sprite, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Fanta and Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light. We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as our consolidated bottling and distribution operations. Beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to the Company account for 2.2 billion of the estimated 65 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day. We believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage options to meet their desires, needs and lifestyles. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day. We are guided by our purpose, which is to refresh the world and make a difference. Our vision for the Company has three connected pillars: • Loved Brands. We craft meaningful brands and a choice of drinks that people love and enjoy and that refresh them in body and spirit. • Done Sustainably. We grow our business with an aim to achieve positive change and build a more sustainable future. • For a Better Shared Future. We invest to improve people’s lives, from our employees to our suppliers and customers, to our investors, and to the communities we call home. The Coca-Cola Company was incorporated in September 1919 under the laws of the State of Delaware and succeeded to the business of a Georgia corporation with the same name that had been organized in 1892. Effective January 1, 2025, we sunset our Global Ventures operating segment to streamline and simplify our operating structure. The Global Ventures operating segment was established in 2019 primarily to oversee the Company’s ownership of Costa Limited (“Costa”), innocent and doğadan, as well as the fees earned pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the Company and Monster Beverage Corporation (“Monster”). The results of the Costa (excluding the ready-to-drink business), innocent and doğadan businesses are now reported within the Company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) operating segment. The results of Costa’s ready-to-drink business and the fees related to Monster are now reported within the applicable geographic operating segments. 2 Operating Segments The Company’s operating structure is the basis for our internal financial reporting. Our operating structure includes the following operating segments: • EMEA • Latin America • North America • Asia Pacific • Bottling Investments Additionally, our operating structure includes operating units, which sit under our four geographic operating segments. The operating units are focused on regional and local execution and are highly interconnected, with the goal of eliminating duplication of resources and scaling new products more quickly. The operating units work closely with the global marketing category leadership teams to stay close to the consumer, accelerate the impact of innovation, and better integrate the business end-to-end across markets. Our operating structure also includes Corporate, which consists of two components: (1) a center focusing on strategic initiatives, policy, governance and scaling global initiatives, and (2) a platform services organization supporting the operating units, global marketing category leadership teams and the center by providing efficient and scaled global services and capabilities, including, but not limited to, transactional work, data management, consumer analytics, digital commerce and social/digital hubs. For additional information about our operating segments and Corporate, refer to Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. Except to the extent that differences among operating segments are material to an understanding of our business taken as a whole, the description of our business in this report is presented on a consolidated basis. Products and Brands As used in this report: • “concentrates” means flavorings and other ingredients which, when combined with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive) are used to prepare syrups or finished beverages, and includes powders/minerals for purified water products; • “syrups” means intermediate products in the beverage manufacturing process produced by combining concentrates with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive); • “fountain syrups” means syrups that are sold to fountain retailers, such as restaurants and convenience stores, which use dispensing equipment to mix the syrups with sparkling or still water at the time of purchase to produce finished beverages that are served in cups or glasses for immediate consumption; • “Company Trademark Beverages” means beverages bearing our trademarks and certain other beverages bearing trademarks licensed to us by third parties for which we provide marketing support and from the sale of which we derive an economic benefit; and • “Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages” or “Trademark Coca-Cola” means nonalcoholic beverages bearing the trademark Coca-Cola or any trademark that includes Coca-Cola or Coke (that is, Coca-Cola, Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar and all their variations and any line extensions, including caffeine free Diet Coke, Cherry Coke, etc.). Likewise, when we use the capitalized word “Trademark” together with the name of one of our other beverage products (such as “Trademark Fanta,” “Trademark Sprite” or “Trademark Simply”), we mean nonalcoholic beverages bearing the indicated trademark (that is, Fanta, Sprite or Simply, respectively) and all its variations and line extensions (such that “Trademark Fanta” includes Fanta Orange, Fanta Zero Orange, Fanta Zero Sugar, Fanta Apple, etc.; “Trademark Sprite” includes Sprite, Sprite Zero Sugar, etc.; and “Trademark Simply” includes Simply Orange, Simply Apple, Simply Grapefruit, etc.). Our Company operates in two lines of business: concentrate operations and finished product operations. Our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as “beverage bases,” syrups, including fountain syrups, and certain finished beverages to authorized bottling operations (to which we typically refer as our “bottlers” or our “bottling partners”). Our bottling partners combine concentrates with still or sparkling water and sweeteners (depending on the product), or combine syrups with still or sparkling water, to produce finished 3 beverages. The finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers, such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles, bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. In addition, outside the United States, our bottling partners are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups, using our concentrates, which they sell to fountain retailers for use in producing beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. Our concentrate operations are included in our geographic operating segments. Our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling soft drinks and a variety of other finished beverages to retailers, or to distributors and wholesalers who in turn sell the beverages to retailers. Generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate operations. These operations consist primarily of our consolidated bottling and distribution operations, which are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment. In certain markets, the Company also operates non-bottling finished product operations in which we sell finished beverages to distributors and wholesalers that are generally not one of the Company’s bottling partners. These operations are generally included in our geographic operating segments. Additionally, we sell directly to consumers through retail stores operated by Costa. These sales are included in our EMEA operating segment, regardless of the physical location of the retail stores. In the United States, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers, who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. These fountain syrup sales are included in our North America operating segment. For information regarding net operating revenues and unit case volume related to our concentrate operations and finished product operations, refer to the heading “Our Business — General” set forth in Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this report. For information regarding how we measure the volume of Company beverage products sold by the Company and our bottling partners (“Coca-Cola system”), refer to the heading “Operations Review — Beverage Volume” set forth in Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this report. We own and market numerous valuable beverage brands, including the following: • sparkling soft drinks: Coca-Cola, Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Fanta, Fresca, Schweppes 1 , Sprite and Thums Up; • water, sports, coffee and tea: Aquarius, Ayataka, BODYARMOR, Ciel, Costa, Crystal, Dasani, Fuze Tea, Georgia, glacéau smartwater, glacéau vitaminwater, Gold Peak, I LOHAS, Powerade and Topo Chico; and • juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages: Core Power, Del Valle, fairlife, innocent, Maaza, Minute Maid, Minute Maid Pulpy, Santa Clara and Simply. 1 Schweppes is owned by the Company in certain countries other than the United States. The Company has also directly entered the alcohol beverage category in numerous markets outside the United States. In the United States, the Company has established a wholly owned, indirect, firewalled subsidiary, which uses third-party manufacturers and distributors to produce, distribute and sell alcohol products in the United States and also authorizes alcohol-licensed third parties to use certain of our trademarks and related intellectual property on alcohol beverages that contain Company beverage bases. The Company’s approach in alcohol focuses on three segments of alcohol ready-to-drink beverages: pre-mixed cocktails (e.g., Jack Daniel’s & Coca-Cola), flavored alcohol beverages (e.g., Lemon-Dou) and hard seltzers (e.g., Topo Chico Hard Seltzer). In addition to the beverage brands we own, we also provide marketing support and otherwise participate in the sales of other beverage brands through licenses, joint ventures and strategic relationships. For example, certain Coca-Cola system bottlers distribute certain brands of Monster, primarily Monster Energy, in designated territories in the United States, Canada and other international territories pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the Company and Monster and related distribution agreements between Monster and Coca-Cola system bottlers. Consumer demand determines the optimal menu of Company product offerings. Consumer demand can vary from one market to another and can change over time within a single market. Our Company continually seeks to further optimize its portfolio of brands, products and services in order to create and satisfy consumer demand in every market. 4 Distribution System We make our branded beverage products available to consumers in more than 200 countries and territories through our network of independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as our consolidated bottling and distribution operations. For information about geographic and customer data, refer to Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. Consumers enjoy finished beverage products bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to the Company at a rate of 2.2 billion servings each day. Our strong and stable bottling and distribution system helps us capture growth by manufacturing, distributing and selling existing, enhanced and new innovative products to consumers throughout the world. The Coca-Cola system sold 33.8 billion and 33.7 billion unit cases of our products in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Sparkling soft drinks represented 69% of our worldwide unit case volume in both 2025 and 2024. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 47% of our worldwide unit case volume in both 2025 and 2024. In 2025, unit case volume in the United States represented 16% of the Company’s worldwide unit case volume. Of the U.S. unit case volume, 61% was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 42% of U.S. unit case volume. Unit case volume outside the United States represented 84% of the Company’s worldwide unit case volume in 2025. The countries outside the United States in which our unit case volumes were the largest were Mexico, China, Brazil and India, which together accounted for 33% of our worldwide unit case volume. Of the non-U.S. unit case volume, 70% was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 48% of non-U.S. unit case volume. Our five largest independent bottling partners based on unit case volume in 2025 were as follows: • Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (“Coca-Cola FEMSA”), which has bottling and distribution operations in Mexico (a substantial part of central Mexico, as well as southeast and northeast Mexico), Guatemala, Colombia (most of the country), Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Venezuela, Uruguay, Brazil (a major part of the states of São Paulo and Minas Gerais; the states of Mato Grosso do Sul, Paraná, Rio Grande do Sul, and Santa Catarina; and part of the states of Goiás and Rio de Janeiro), and Argentina (federal capital of Buenos Aires and surrounding areas); • Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (“CCEP”), which has bottling and distribution operations in Andorra, Australia, Belgium, continental France, Germany, Great Britain, Iceland, Indonesia, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands, Norway, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, Portugal, Spain and Sweden; • Coca-Cola HBC AG (“CCHBC”), which has bottling and distribution operations in Armenia, Austria, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Egypt, Estonia, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Montenegro, Nigeria, North Macedonia, Northern Ireland, Poland, the Republic of Ireland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland and Ukraine; • Arca Continental, S.A.B. de C.V., which has bottling and distribution operations in northern and western Mexico, northern Argentina, Ecuador, Peru, and the state of Texas and part of the states of New Mexico, Oklahoma and Arkansas in the United States; and • Swire Coca-Cola Limited, which has bottling and distribution operations in 11 provinces and the Shanghai municipality in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam and territories in 13 states in the western United States. In 2025, these five bottling partners combined represented 44% of our total worldwide unit case volume. Being a bottler does not create a legal partnership or joint venture between us and our bottlers. Our bottlers are independent contractors and are not our agents. Bottler’s Agreements We have separate contracts, to which we generally refer as “bottler’s agreements,” with our bottling partners under which our bottling partners are granted certain authorizations by us. Subject to specified terms and conditions and certain variations, the bottler’s agreements generally authorize the bottlers to prepare, package, distribute and sell Company Trademark Beverages in authorized containers in (but, subject to applicable local law, generally only in) an identified territory. The bottler is obligated to purchase its entire requirement of concentrates or syrups for the designated Company Trademark Beverages from the Company or Company-authorized suppliers. We typically agree to refrain from selling or distributing, or from authorizing third parties to sell or distribute, the designated Company Trademark Beverages throughout the identified territory in the particular authorized containers. However, we typically reserve for us or our designee the right (1) to prepare and package such Company Trademark Beverages in such containers in the territory for sale outside the territory; (2) to prepare, package, distribute and sell such Company Trademark Beverages in the territory in any other manner or form (territorial restrictions on bottlers vary in some cases in accordance with local law); and (3) to handle certain key accounts (accounts that cover multiple territories). 5 While under most of our bottler’s agreements we generally have complete flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of the concentrates and syrups we sell to our bottlers, as a practical matter, our Company’s ability to exercise its contractual flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of concentrates and syrups is subject, both outside and within the United States, to competitive market conditions. However, in an effort to allow our Company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value, aligned financial objectives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers’ always changing needs and tastes, we have implemented an incidence-based concentrate pricing model in most markets. Under this model, the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, bottler pricing, the channels in which the finished products produced from the concentrates are sold, and package mix. As further discussed below, our bottler’s agreements for territories outside the United States differ in some respects from our bottler’s agreements for territories within the United States. Bottler’s Agreements Outside the United States Bottler’s agreements between us and our authorized bottlers outside the United States generally are of stated duration, subject in some cases to possible extensions or renewals. Generally, these bottler’s agreements are subject to termination by the Company following the occurrence of certain designated events, including defined events of default and certain changes in ownership or control of the bottlers. Most of the bottler’s agreements in force between us and bottlers outside the United States authorize the bottlers to manufacture and distribute fountain syrups, usually on a nonexclusive basis. In certain parts of the world outside the United States, we have not granted comprehensive beverage production and distribution rights to the bottlers. In such instances, we have authorized certain bottlers to (1) prepare and package Company Trademark Beverages for sale to other bottlers, or (2) purchase Company Trademark Beverages from other bottlers for sale and distribution throughout their respective designated territories, often on a nonexclusive basis. Bottler’s Agreements Within the United States In the United States, most bottlers operate under a contract to which we generally refer as a “Comprehensive Beverage Agreement” (“CBA”) that is of stated duration, subject in most cases to renewal rights of bottlers and in some cases to renewal rights of the Company. A small number of bottlers continue to operate under legacy bottler’s agreements with no stated expiration date for Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other cola-flavored Company Trademark Beverages. In all instances, the bottler’s agreements in the United States are subject to termination by the Company for nonperformance or upon the occurrence of certain defined events of default that may vary from contract to contract. Certain U.S. bottlers have been granted certain additional exclusive territory rights for the distribution, promotion, marketing and sale of Company-owned and licensed beverage brands (as defined by the CBAs). We refer to these bottlers as “expanding participating bottlers” or “EPBs.” EPBs operate under CBAs (“EPB CBAs”) under which the Company generally retained the rights to produce the applicable beverage products for territories not covered by specific manufacturing agreements, and such bottlers purchase from the Company (or from Company-authorized manufacturing bottlers) substantially all of the finished beverage products needed in order to service the customers in these territories. Each EPB CBA has a term of 10 years and is renewable, in most cases by the bottler, and in some cases by the Company, indefinitely for successive additional terms of 10 years each and includes additional requirements that provide for, among other things, a binding national governance model, mandatory incidence pricing and certain core performance requirements. The Company has also entered into manufacturing agreements that authorize certain EPBs that have executed EPB CBAs to manufacture certain beverage products for their own account and for supply to other bottlers. In addition, certain U.S. bottlers that were not granted additional exclusive territory rights, which we refer to as “participating bottlers,” converted their legacy bottler’s agreements to CBAs, to which we refer as “participating bottler CBAs,” each of which has a term of 10 years, is renewable by the bottler indefinitely for successive additional terms of 10 years each, and is substantially similar in most material respects to the EPB CBAs, including with respect to requirements for a binding national governance model and mandatory incidence pricing, but includes core performance requirements that vary in certain respects from those in the EPB CBAs. Those bottlers that have not signed CBAs continue to operate under legacy bottler’s agreements that include pricing formulas that generally provide for a baseline price for Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other cola-flavored Company Trademark Beverages. This baseline price may be adjusted periodically by the Company, up to a maximum indexed ceiling price, and is adjusted quarterly based upon changes in certain sugar or sweetener prices, as applicable. The U.S. unit case volume prepared, packaged, sold and distributed under these legacy bottler’s agreements is not material. Under the terms of the bottler’s agreements, bottlers in the United States generally are not authorized to manufacture fountain syrups. Rather, the Company manufactures and sells fountain syrups to authorized fountain wholesalers (including certain authorized bottlers) and some fountain retailers. These wholesalers in turn sell the syrups, or deliver them on our behalf, to restaurants and other retailers. 6 Promotional and Marketing Programs In addition to conducting our own independent advertising and marketing activities, we may provide promotional and marketing support and/or funds to our bottlers. In most cases, we do this on a discretionary basis under the terms of commitment letters or agreements, even though we are not obligated to do so under the terms of the bottler’s agreements between our Company and the bottlers. Also, on a discretionary basis in most cases, our Company may develop and introduce new products, packages and equipment to assist the bottlers. Likewise, in many instances, we provide promotional and marketing support and/or funds and/or dispensing equipment and repair services to fountain and bottle/can retailers, typically pursuant to marketing agreements. Investments in Bottling Operations Most of our branded beverage products are prepared, packaged, distributed and sold by independent bottling partners. However, from time to time we acquire or take control of a bottling operation, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. Owning a bottling operation enables us to compensate for limited local resources; help focus the bottler’s sales and marketing programs; assist in the development of the bottler’s business and information systems; and establish an appropriate capital structure for the bottler. In line with our long-term bottling strategy, we may periodically consider options for divesting or reducing our ownership interest in a consolidated bottling operation, typically by selling all or a portion of our interest in the bottling operation to an independent bottler to improve Coca-Cola system efficiency. When we sell a consolidated bottling operation to an independent bottling partner in which we have an equity method investment, our Company continues to participate in the bottler’s results of operations through our share of the equity method investee’s earnings or losses. In addition, from time to time we make equity investments representing noncontrolling interests in certain bottling operations with the intention of maximizing the strength and efficiency of the Coca-Cola system’s production, marketing, sales and distribution capabilities around the world by providing expertise and resources to strengthen those businesses. These investments are intended to result in increases in unit case volume, net operating revenues and profits at the bottler level, which in turn generate increased sales for our Company’s concentrate operations. When our equity investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee bottler’s operating and financial policies, we account for the investment under the equity method. Seasonality Sales of our ready-to-drink beverages are somewhat seasonal, with the second and third calendar quarters historically accounting for the highest sales volumes. The volume of sales in the beverage business may be affected by weather conditions. Competition The commercial beverage industry is highly competitive and consists of numerous companies, ranging from small or emerging to very large and well established. These include companies that, like our Company, compete globally in multiple geographic areas, as well as businesses that are primarily regional or local in operation. Competitive products include numerous nonalcoholic sparkling soft drinks; water products, including flavored and enhanced waters; juices, juice drinks and nectars; dilutables (including syrups and powders); coffees; teas; energy drinks; sports drinks; milk and other dairy-based drinks; plant-based beverages; functional beverages, including vitamin-based products and relaxation beverages; and various other nonalcoholic beverages. These competitive products are sold to consumers in both ready-to-drink and non-ready-to-drink form. The Company has directly entered the alcohol beverage category in numerous markets outside the United States. In the United States, the Company has established a wholly owned, indirect, firewalled subsidiary, which uses third-party manufacturers and distributors to produce, distribute and sell alcohol products in the United States and also authorizes alcohol-licensed third parties to use certain of our trademarks and related intellectual property on alcohol beverages that contain Company beverage bases. Competitive products include all alcohol ready-to-drink beverages containing various alcohol bases. In many of the countries in which we do business, PepsiCo, Inc. is a primary competitor. Other significant competitors include, but are not limited to, Nestlé S.A., Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Danone S.A., Suntory Beverage & Food Limited, Anheuser-Busch InBev, Kirin Holdings, Heineken N.V., Diageo plc and Red Bull GmbH. We also compete against numerous regional and local companies and, increasingly, against smaller companies that are developing microbrands and selling them directly to consumers through e-commerce retailers and other e-commerce platforms. In addition, in some markets, we compete against retailers that have developed their own store or private-label beverage brands. Competitive factors impacting our business include, but are not limited to, pricing, advertising, sales promotion programs, in-store displays and point-of-sale marketing, digital marketing, product and ingredient innovation, availability, increased efficiency in production techniques, the introduction of new packaging as well as new vending and dispensing equipment, contracting with marketing assets (theaters, sports arenas, universities, etc.), and brand and trademark development and protection. 7 Our competitive strengths include leading brands with high levels of consumer recognition and loyalty; a worldwide network of bottlers and distributors of Company products; sophisticated marketing capabilities; and a talented group of dedicated employees. Our competitive challenges include strong competitors in all geographic regions; in many countries, a concentrated retail sector with powerful buyers able to freely choose among Company products, products of competitive beverage suppliers and individual retailers’ own store or private-label beverage brands; new industry entrants; and dramatic shifts in consumer shopping methods and patterns due to a rapidly evolving digital landscape. Raw Materials We and our bottling partners use various ingredients in our business, such as sucrose, high fructose corn syrup (“HFCS”), aspartame, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, saccharin, cyclamate, steviol glycosides, ascorbic acid, citric acid, phosphoric acid, caffeine, caramel color, and flavors; other raw materials such as orange and other fruit juices and juice concentrates, milk, coffee and tea; packaging materials such as polyethylene terephthalate (“PET”), bio-based PET and recycled PET for bottles; and aluminum cans, glass bottles and other containers. Water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products. While historically we have not experienced significant water supply difficulties, water is a limited natural resource in many parts of the world, and our Company recognizes water availability, quality and sustainability, for both our operations and also the communities where we operate, as one of the key challenges facing our business. In addition to water, the principal raw materials used in our business are nutritive and non-nutritive sweeteners. In the United States, the principal nutritive sweetener is HFCS, which is nutritionally equivalent to sugar. HFCS is available from numerous domestic sources and has historically been subject to fluctuations in its market price. Adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived and manufactured. For example, drought conditions in certain parts of the United States or in other major corn-producing areas of the world may negatively affect the supply of corn, which in turn may result in shortages of and higher prices for HFCS. The principal nutritive sweetener used by our business outside the United States is sucrose (i.e., table sugar), which is also available from numerous sources and has historically been subject to fluctuations in its market price. Our Company generally has not experienced any difficulties in obtaining its requirements for nutritive sweeteners. In the United States, our bottlers, with the assistance of Coca-Cola Bottlers’ Sales & Services Company LLC (“CCBSS”) and based on terms that the Company negotiates, purchase HFCS to meet our and our bottlers’ requirements. CCBSS is a limited liability company that is owned by authorized Coca-Cola bottlers doing business in the United States and Canada. Among other things, CCBSS provides procurement services to our North American operations and to our U.S. and Canadian bottling partners for the purchase of various goods and services, including HFCS. The principal non-nutritive sweeteners we use in our business are aspartame, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, saccharin, cyclamate and steviol glycosides. Generally, these raw materials are readily available from numerous sources. We purchase sucralose, which we consider a critical raw material, from suppliers mainly in the United States and also China. Our Company generally has not experienced major difficulties in obtaining its requirements for non-nutritive sweeteners. Juice and juice concentrate from various fruits, particularly orange juice and orange juice concentrate, are the principal raw materials for our juice and juice drink products. We source our orange juice and orange juice concentrate from Florida and the Southern Hemisphere, with Brazil representing our primary sourcing location. We work closely with Cutrale Citrus Juices U.S.A., Inc., our primary supplier of orange juice from Florida and Brazil, to ensure an adequate supply of orange juice and orange juice concentrate that meets our Company’s standards. However, the citrus industry is impacted by citrus greening disease and the variability of weather conditions that can affect the quality and supply of orange juice and orange juice concentrate. In particular, freezing weather or hurricanes in central Florida may result in shortages and higher prices for orange juice and orange juice concentrate throughout the industry. In addition, changing weather patterns are adversely affecting citrus production, contributing to challenges such as citrus greening disease and droughts, which have resulted in a reduced number of citrus trees and increased grower costs and prices. Milk is the principal raw material for our dairy products. We derive the majority of our dairy revenues through fairlife, LLC (“fairlife”), which purchases milk from dairy cooperatives that in turn source milk from farms within the cooperatives. While our sourcing for milk is currently concentrated among a few dairy cooperatives, we believe we have access to alternate suppliers, if necessary, to help deliver an adequate supply of milk. We generate most of our coffee revenues through Costa. Costa purchases Rainforest Alliance Certified and other certified green coffee through multiple suppliers, enabling us to source from alternative suppliers as changing weather patterns impact yields in some geographies. Similarly, we procure tea from a diverse supplier base, which helps mitigate the effects of weather-related yield reductions in certain geographies. Our consolidated bottling operations and our non-bottling finished product operations also purchase various other raw materials, including, but not limited to, PET resin, preforms and bottles; glass and aluminum bottles; aluminum and steel cans; plastic closures; aseptic fiber packaging; labels; cartons; cases; postmix packaging; and beverage gases, including carbon 8 dioxide and liquid nitrogen. While they generally purchase these raw materials from multiple suppliers and historically have not experienced significant shortages, certain packaging materials, such as aluminum cans, are available from a limited number of suppliers. Patents, Copyrights, Trade Secrets and Trademarks Our Company owns numerous patents, copyrights, trade secrets and other know-how and technology, which we collectively refer to as “technology.” This technology generally relates to beverage products and the processes for their production; packages and packaging materials; design and operation of processes and equipment useful for our business; and certain software. Some of the technology is licensed to suppliers and other parties. Trade secrets are an important aspect of our technology, and our sparkling beverage and other beverage formulas are among the important trade secrets of our Company. We also own numerous trademarks that are very important to our business. Depending upon the jurisdiction, trademarks are valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Pursuant to our bottler’s agreements, we authorize our bottlers to use applicable Company trademarks in connection with their preparation, packaging, distribution and sale of Company products. In addition, we authorize certain third parties to use applicable Company trademarks in connection with their preparation, packaging, distribution and sale of beverages bearing Company trademarks in certain territories. We also grant licenses to third parties from time to time to use certain of our trademarks in conjunction with certain merchandise and food products. Governmental Regulation Our Company is required to comply, and it is our policy to comply, with all applicable laws in the countries and territories throughout the world in which we do business. In many jurisdictions, our operations may come under special scrutiny by competition law authorities due to our competitive position in those jurisdictions. In the United States, the safety, production, storage, transportation, distribution, advertising, marketing, labeling and sale of our Company’s products and their ingredients are subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; the Lanham Act; state consumer protection laws; various federal and state laws and regulations governing competition and trade practices, including the Robinson-Patman Act of 1936, as amended, and the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, as amended; federal, state and local workplace health and safety laws; various federal and state laws and regulations governing our employment practices, including those related to equal employment opportunity and compensation; various federal, state and local environmental protection laws; privacy and personal data protection laws; trade laws and regulations, including laws regarding the import or export of our products or ingredients used in our products and tariffs; and various other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. We are also required to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act. Outside the United States, our business is subject to numerous similar statutes and regulations, as well as other legal and regulatory requirements and regulatory reviews. Regulators in the United States and abroad have been expressing concerns about processing and the use of particular ingredients or additives in food and beverage products. Various jurisdictions have adopted, and others may seek to adopt, bans or restrictions on the use of certain ingredients or substances in products, as well as significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health effects. If these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our products under current or future laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products or make it necessary for us to reformulate certain of our products. Under the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (“Proposition 65”) of the state of California, if the state has determined that a substance causes cancer or harms human reproduction or development, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance, unless the conditions of an exemption (described below) can be met. The state maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds other substances to these lists. The detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. However, Proposition 65 exempts a product from a warning if the manufacturer can demonstrate that the use of that product exposes consumers to a daily quantity of a listed substance that is: • below a “safe harbor” threshold that may be established; • naturally occurring; • the result of necessary cooking; or • subject to another applicable exemption. One or more substances that are currently on the Proposition 65 list can be detected in certain Company products at low levels that are safe. The Company maintains that the presence of each such substance in Company products is subject to an applicable exemption from the warning requirement or that the product is otherwise in compliance with Proposition 65. However, the state of California and other parties have in the past taken a contrary position and may do so in the future. Additionally, the state of California may include other substances on the Proposition 65 list in the future. We expect continued scrutiny of ingredients or 9 substances present in certain of our products and/or their packaging, as well as processes used to make them, and it is possible that similar or more restrictive requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future. Bottlers of our beverage products presently offer, among other beverage containers, nonrefillable recyclable containers in the United States and various other markets around the world. Some of these bottlers also offer and use refillable containers, which are also recyclable. Legal requirements apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and elsewhere around the world requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged in connection with the sale, marketing and use of certain beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other types of statutes and regulations relating to beverage container deposits, recycling, ecotaxes, extended producer responsibility and/or restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including certain packaging containing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”), also apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and elsewhere around the world. We anticipate that additional such legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future at federal, state and local levels, both in the United States and elsewhere around the world. All of our Company’s facilities and other operations in the United States and elsewhere around the world are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations, including those relating to the use and treatment of water resources, discharge of wastewater, air emissions, and solid and hazardous waste. In addition, ongoing concern over climate change is expected to continue to result in additional legal or regulatory requirements (both inside and outside the United States) designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment, to discourage the use of plastic materials, to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns, or to expand disclosure of certain sustainability metrics. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. We have made, and plan on continuing to make, expenditures necessary to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that aim to make progress toward achieving our sustainability goals. While compliance has not had a material adverse effect on our Company’s capital expenditures, net income or competitive position to date, changes in environmental compliance requirements, along with expenditures necessary to comply with such evolving requirements or remediation obligations or that aim to make progress toward achieving our sustainability goals, could adversely affect our financial performance. We are also subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations related to cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, China’s Personal Information Protection Law and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), which became effective on January 1, 2020, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which became effective on January 1, 2023. In addition to California, at least 19 other states in the United States have passed comprehensive privacy laws similar to the CCPA and the CPRA. These laws are either in effect or will go into effect during 2026 or in the future, and we expect other states to consider adopting similar laws in the future. Like the CCPA and the CPRA, these laws create, or are expected to create, obligations related to the processing of personal information, as well as special obligations for the processing of “sensitive” data. Some of the provisions of these laws may apply to our business activities. The U.S. Congress has also considered legislation relating to data privacy and data protection, and the U.S. federal government may in the future pass such legislation. The interpretation and application of privacy, data protection and data residency laws are often uncertain and are expanding in the United States and internationally, including in the European Union, Brazil, China, India and other jurisdictions. We monitor pending and proposed legislation and regulatory initiatives to ascertain their relevance to and potential impact on our business, and we develop strategies to address regulatory trends and developments, including any required changes to our privacy and data protection compliance programs and policies. Globally, we see a trend toward data protection laws and regulations increasing in complexity and number, and we anticipate that our obligations will expand commensurately. As a result, our ability to maximize the utility of our data could be impacted and we may need to modify our practices to accommodate legal and regulatory constraints and obligations or meet consumer expectations. For additional information, refer to Part I, “Item IA. Risk Factors” of this report. Human Capital Management Our people and culture strategies are critical business priorities. The board of directors of the Company (“Board of Directors”), through the Talent and Compensation Committee, provides oversight of the Company’s policies and strategies relating to talent, leadership and culture, and the Company’s compensation philosophy and programs. The Talent and Compensation Committee also evaluates and approves the Company’s compensation plans, policies and programs applicable to our senior executives. In addition, the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee of our Board of Directors oversees succession planning and talent development for our senior executives. We believe people are our most important asset, and we strive to attract and retain high-performing talent. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, our Company had approximately 65,900 and 69,700 employees, respectively, of which approximately 8,900 were located in the United States. The decrease in the total number of employees was primarily due to 2025 divestiture activity. Our Company, through its divisions and subsidiaries, is a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 400 employees in North America were covered by collective bargaining agreements. These 10 agreements typically have terms of three to five years. We currently anticipate that we will continue to successfully negotiate such agreements with representatives of our bargained-for employees. Our diverse, high-performing global employee base helps drive a culture of inclusion, innovation and growth. We aspire to develop a global workforce with diverse perspectives, experiences and backgrounds that reflect the broad range of consumers and markets we serve around the world; we aim to enable an inclusive culture where all employees thrive; and we are focused on providing access to equal opportunities and fostering belonging both in our workplaces and the local communities we proudly serve. We believe that these efforts are critical to the Company’s continued growth and success. We support many employee-led inclusion networks around the world. Our inclusion networks are open to all employees and are regionally structured to meet relevant local needs. They provide employees with the opportunity to engage with colleagues around the world and foster relationships based on common interests or backgrounds. Through our comprehensive global talent and development programs, we continuously invest in our talent for growth in our networked organization. We believe in providing challenging and diverse experiences and opportunities to our people to help them develop and grow. Our global career strategy program, called Thrive, is designed to provide clarity to employees on what it means to have a career at the Company. Through our people-centered approach, we strive to create an integrated, streamlined and inspiring career experience. We believe that development is anchored in acquiring skills and work experiences. We focus on investing in inspirational leadership, capability development, and providing learning opportunities to equip our global workforce with the skills they need for the future and to improve employee engagement and retention. We provide a range of formal and informal learning and leadership development programs, which are designed to help all of our employees continuously grow and strengthen their skills throughout their careers. We provide online learning through a robust catalog of digital content as well as experiential learning opportunities, and we are continually identifying opportunities to provide access to capability development content for all of our employees. We also have Thrive Opportunity Marketplace, a technology solution that helps connect project opportunities to interested employees who have the capacity, skills and interest in short-term experiences and assignments. Additionally, we offer comprehensive Company-wide onboarding, coaching and mentoring programs that support leadership and employee development at all levels in our organization. We also believe that talent thrives in a growth-oriented environment where high performance and leadership effectiveness are valued. Our talent practices rely on data and feedback from multiple sources to help our employees get the transparent and timely feedback they need to be successful. Through comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits, ongoing employee learning and development, and a focus on health and well-being, we strive to support our employees in all aspects of their lives. Our compensation programs are designed to reinforce our growth agenda and our talent strategy as well as drive a strong connection between the contributions of our employees and their pay. We review our compensation programs regularly to help ensure fairness, including conducting pay equity analyses. We believe our compensation packages provide the appropriate incentives to attract, retain and motivate our employees. We provide base pay that is competitive and that aligns with employee positions, skill levels, experience and geographic location. In addition to base pay, we seek to reward employees, based on performance, with annual incentive awards, recognition programs and equity awards for employees at certain job levels. We also offer competitive employee benefits packages, which vary by country and region, and our benefits strategy includes establishing global minimum standards that we aim to apply consistently across the world. These employee benefits packages may include a 401(k) plan, pension plan, core and supplemental life insurance, financial courses and advisors, employee assistance programs, tuition assistance, commuter assistance, adoption assistance, medical and dental insurance, vision insurance, health savings accounts, health reimbursement and flexible spending accounts, well-being rewards programs, vacation pay, holiday pay, and parental and adoption leave . As our employees work together to achieve our purpose to refresh the world and make a difference, they collectively build and reinforce our culture. Our culture is rooted in our growth mindset, which expects each employee, leader and function to be curious, empowered, inclusive and agile. We use a variety of practices to measure and support progress against these growth behaviors and to ensure that our employees are engaged and fulfilled at work. For example, our Performance Enablement and Culture & Engagement Survey platforms provide regular opportunities for employees across the organization to provide feedback on how their leaders, teammates and work experiences support the growth behaviors. Data from questionnaires are anonymized and plotted against historical results to inform teams and functions on areas of strength and opportunities for improvement. We also encourage regular, live communication across the organization and host quarterly global town halls with our senior leadership that include employee question-and-answer sessions. In addition, function-level town halls are held on a regular basis. 11 Available Information The Company maintains a website at the following address: www.coca-colacompany.com. The information on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference in this report. We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”). These include our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, we routinely post on the “Investors” page of our website news releases, announcements and other statements about our business and results of operations. We may use the “Investors” page of our website as a means of disclosing material, nonpublic information and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, we encourage investors to monitor the “Investors” page of our website and review the information we post on that page. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at the following address: http://www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS Unfavorable general economic and geopolitical conditions could negatively impact our financial results. Our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions, including global inflationary pressures, prevailing interest rates, credit market conditions, increased unemployment, levels of consumer and business confidence, bank failures, commodity (including energy) prices and supply, a recession or economic slowdown, trade policies, foreign currency exchange rates, changing policy positions or priorities, governmental rules and approaches to taxation, levels of government spending and deficits, and actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt. Many of the jurisdictions in which our products are sold have experienced, and could continue to experience, unfavorable changes in economic conditions, which could negatively affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, our beverages, and certain markets in which our products are sold experienced high rates of inflation throughout 2025, which may continue in 2026. Under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies, including private-label brands, which could reduce our profitability and negatively affect our overall financial performance. In addition, the occurrence of global or regional health events, and any related governmental, private sector and individual consumer responses, could contribute to a recession, depression or global economic downturn. Other financial uncertainties in our major markets and unstable geopolitical conditions or events in certain markets, including international conflicts, civil unrest, acts of war, terrorism, governmental changes, or changes in international relations, could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers’ purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. Throughout 2025, the Company faced disruption to our operations due to international conflicts. Geopolitical instability has in the past led, and may in the future lead, to logistical, transportation and supply chain disruptions; business disruptions (including labor shortages); increased risk of cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions to our information systems; reduced availability and increased costs of transportation, energy, packaging, raw materials and other input costs; and heightened security risk, impacting employee safety and/or damage to infrastructure or our assets. At times, we have faced product boycotts resulting from political activism, which have reduced demand for our products. Restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders; price controls; limitations on profits; the negotiation of new trade agreements; new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs, including tariffs that increase suppliers’ sourcing costs; import authorization requirements; and other restrictions on business activities, which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries or otherwise, could impact our profitability. In addition, U.S. trade sanctions against countries designated by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could increase significantly, which could make it difficult, or even impossible, for us to continue to make sales to bottlers in such countries. The imposition of retaliatory sanctions against U.S. multinational corporations by countries that are or may become subject to U.S. trade sanctions, or the delisting of our branded products by retailers in various countries in reaction to U.S. trade sanctions or other governmental actions or policies, could also negatively affect our business. 12 Increased competition could hurt our business. We operate in the highly competitive commercial beverage industry. For additional information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, including the names of certain of our significant competitors, refer to the heading “Competition” set forth in Part I, “Item 1. Business” of this report. Our ability to maintain or gain share of sales in the global market or in regional or local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. Competitive pressures may cause the Company and our bottling partners to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our and our bottlers’ ability to increase prices, as may be necessary in response to commodity and other cost increases. Such pressures may also increase marketing costs along with in-store placement, slotting and other marketing fees. In addition, the rapid growth of e‑commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. If we do not continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing, data analytics (including artificial intelligence and machine learning) and innovation to understand and maintain consumer interest, brand loyalty and market share while strategically expanding into other profitable categories of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, our financial results may be negatively affected. Achieving our business growth objectives depends in part on our ability to evolve and improve our existing beverage products through innovation and to successfully develop, introduce and market new beverage products. The success of our innovation activities depends on, among other factors, our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends; obtain, maintain and enforce necessary intellectual property rights; and avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives, which may have a negative impact on our financial results. Changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key customers could adversely affect our financial results. Our industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in, and the blurring of the lines between, retail channels, particularly in Europe and the United States. Retailers may seek lower prices from us and our bottling partners, may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures in support of their businesses, and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private-label brands, any of which could negatively affect the Coca-Cola system’s profitability. In addition, in developed markets, discounters and value stores are growing at a rapid pace, while in emerging and developing markets, modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets. Our industry is also being affected by the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, which may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels. As we and our bottling partners continue to build e-commerce capabilities, we may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without experiencing a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, including the rapid growth in digital commerce, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. In addition, our success depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key customers.The loss of one or more of our key customers could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. If we are unable to expand our business in emerging and developing markets, our growth could be negatively affected. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets, which in turn depends on economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to work with local bottlers to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities, distribution networks, sales equipment and technology. Additionally, we rely on local availability of talented management and employees to establish and manage our operations in these markets. Scarcity of, or heavy competition for, talented employees could impede our abilities in such markets. Moreover, the supply of our products in emerging and developing markets must match consumer demand for those products. Due to product price, limited purchasing power and cultural differences, our products may not be accepted in any particular emerging or developing market. If we do not successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected. We believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our Company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business model possible. Consequently, we continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business. Some of the actions we may take from time to time in pursuing these opportunities may become a distraction for our managers and employees and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale, which may make it more difficult for us to retain or attract qualified managers and employees; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures of the affected business operations; and give rise to negative publicity, which could affect our corporate reputation. If we are unable to successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected. 13 If we are unable to attract, retain and inspire outstanding talent, our business could be negatively affected. The success of our business depends on our Company’s and the Coca-Cola system’s ability to attract, retain and inspire a global workforce of outstanding talent and to nurture a culture that supports our growth and aligns employees around the Company’s purpose and work that matters most. Competition for, along with compensation and benefits expectations of, existing and prospective employees has increased, especially considering changing worker expectations and talent marketplace variability. In addition, the broader labor market is experiencing a shortage of qualified talent, which has further increased the competition we face for qualified employees. We may not be able to successfully compete for, attract or retain the workforce that we want and may require for our future business needs, such as employees with advanced technology, artificial intelligence and digital marketing skills, and/or digital and analytics capabilities. Changes in laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate specialized technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. In addition, the unexpected loss of experienced and specialized employees due to an increase in aggressive recruiting for best-in-class talent could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Failure to attract, retain and inspire outstanding talent; to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for our management team; to maintain a corporate culture that fosters innovation, collaboration and inclusion; or to design and successfully implement work models that meet the expectations of employees and prospective employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success. Disruption of our supply chain, including increased commodity, raw material, packaging, energy, transportation and other input costs, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. At times, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions in our manufacturing operations and supply chain. In connection with our manufacturing and bottling operations, we and our bottling partners are dependent upon, among other things, various ingredients and other raw materials and packaging materials. For additional information on the raw materials and supplies we use in our business, refer to the heading “Raw Materials” set forth in Part I, “Item 1. Business” of this report. Some of the raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are available from a limited number of suppliers, or from a sole supplier, or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. We and our bottling partners may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with these suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective in preventing disruptions that may arise from shortages of any ingredients or other raw materials. Furthermore, some of our suppliers are located in countries experiencing political instability or other risks and/or unfavorable economic conditions. In addition, adverse and extreme weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived and manufactured. Any sustained or significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials could increase costs and interrupt product supply, which could adversely impact our business. We and our independent bottlers operate a large fleet of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute beverage products to customers. In addition, we and our independent bottlers use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate production plants, bottling plants and distribution facilities. Increases in energy demand have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in higher energy prices, impacting us and our independent bottlers. The raw materials and other supplies, including ingredients, agricultural commodities, energy, fuel, packaging materials, transportation, labor and other supply chain inputs used for the production and distribution of our products, are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors. These factors include changes in supply and demand; supplier capacity constraints; a deterioration of our or our bottling partners’ relationships with suppliers; international conflicts; political uncertainties; acts of terrorism; governmental instability; inflation; weather conditions (including the effects of climate change); hurricanes, wildfires, floods, droughts and other natural disasters; disease or pests (including the impact of citrus greening disease on the citrus industry); agricultural uncertainty; health epidemics, pandemics or other contagious outbreaks; cattle disease outbreaks (including avian flu); labor shortages, strikes or work stoppages; changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; governmental actions or controls or import/export restrictions, such as new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs, including tariffs that increase suppliers’ sourcing costs, sanctions, quotas or trade barriers; port congestion or delays; transport capacity constraints; cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions; or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Many of our raw materials and supplies are purchased in the open market, and the prices for such items are subject to fluctuation. We expect the inflationary pressures on certain input and other costs to continue to impact our business in 2026. Our attempts to offset cost pressures, such as through price increases of some of our products, may not be successful. Higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. Consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forgo some purchases altogether. To the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may not be able to offset cost increases through productivity initiatives or through our commodity hedging activity. 14 If we do not successfully integrate and manage our acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, or if we are unable to realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits of our joint ventures or strategic relationships, our financial results could suffer. We routinely evaluate opportunities to acquire businesses or brands to expand our beverage portfolio and capabilities. Additionally, from time to time, we have acquired or taken control of bottling operations, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. Acquisitions of businesses, brands or bottling operations may involve significant challenges and risks, and the expected benefits, including cost and growth synergies associated with such acquisitions, may take longer to realize than expected or may not be realized at all. We have encountered, and may in the future encounter, challenges in successfully integrating the operations, technologies, services, products and systems of any acquired businesses, brands or bottling partners in an effective, timely and cost-efficient manner. We have faced, and may in the future face, difficulties in operating through new business models and/or supply chain models, or in new categories or territories, and challenges in extending Company controls (including internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, data protection and cybersecurity), policies and governance structures (including with respect to food safety and quality, occupational safety and sustainability) to acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, which, at times, has resulted in increased costs and negative publicity. Our financial performance is impacted by how well we can integrate and manage our acquisitions, and we may not be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations. If we incur unforeseen liabilities or costs in connection with acquiring or integrating businesses, brands or bottling operations, experience internal control or product quality failures, or are unable to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, our consolidated results could be negatively affected. We also participate in the sales of other beverage brands through licenses, joint ventures and strategic relationships. If we are unable to successfully manage our relationships with our joint venture partners or our strategic relationships, including our relationship with Monster, or if for any other reason we fail to realize all or a significant portion of the benefits we expect from our joint ventures or strategic relationships, our financial performance could be adversely affected. If our third-party service providers and business partners do not satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, or experience adverse events, our business could suffer. In the conduct of our business, we rely on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners and other external business partners, for certain services in support of key portions of our operations. These third parties are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures, and are subject to legal, regulatory and market risks of their own. Our third-party service providers and business partners may not fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms or applicable laws. In addition, while we have procedures in place for assessing risk along with selecting, managing and monitoring our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, cybersecurity, reputational and operational risk. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, or for any reason our third-party service providers or business partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities or experience events that could directly or indirectly impact us, our financial results could suffer. If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or if we or our bottling partners experience strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest, our business could suffer. Many of our employees at our key manufacturing locations and bottling plants are covered by collective bargaining agreements. While we generally have been able to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire and regard our relations with employees and their representatives as generally satisfactory, negotiations may nevertheless be challenging, as the Company must have competitive cost structures in each market while meeting the compensation and benefits needs of our employees. If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, our labor costs could increase, which could affect our profit margins. In addition, many of our bottling partners’ employees are represented by labor unions. Strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest at any of our major manufacturing facilities or at our bottling operations or our major bottlers’ plants could impair our ability to supply concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners or our bottlers’ ability to supply finished beverages to customers, which could reduce our net operating revenues and could expose us to customer claims. Furthermore, from time to time we and our bottling partners restructure manufacturing and other operations to improve productivity, which may have negative impacts on employee morale and work performance, result in escalation of grievances and adversely affect the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements. If these labor relations are not effectively managed at the local level, they could escalate in the form of corporate campaigns supported by the labor organizations and could negatively affect our Company’s overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products’ acceptance by consumers. 15 RISKS RELATED TO CONSUMER DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS Obesity and other health-related concerns may reduce demand for some of our products. There is ongoing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity and other chronic diseases. Recent activities and proposals by U.S. federal and state government agencies and initiatives have focused on potential drivers behind the rise in childhood chronic diseases. Continued governmental focus on such initiatives, as well as ongoing public concern about obesity; other health-related public concerns surrounding consumption of sweetened beverages; the effects or perceived effects of the usage of weight-loss drugs on consumption patterns; potential new or increased taxes on sweetened beverages by government entities to reduce consumption or to raise revenue; potential new or increased governmental regulati