 Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in Kenvue speculative or risky: Risks Related to the Proposed Transaction with K-C • If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, the combined company may not perform as expected and may fail to realize the projected benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect the value of K-C common stock, which our current shareholders will own following the completion of the Proposed Transaction. • Failure to consummate, or a delay in the consummation of, the Proposed Transaction. • Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may cause a loss of management and other key employees. • Our shareholders will have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company. • Litigation against us or K-C, or the members of our or K-C’s board of directors. • The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to pursue alternatives to the Proposed Transaction. • Regulatory approvals may delay the Proposed Transaction or may diminish its benefits. • The number of shares of K-C common stock issuable in the First Merger in respect of one share of our common stock is fixed and will not be adjusted. Because the market price of K-C common stock may fluctuate, our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the stock consideration they will receive in exchange for their shares. • If the Proposed Transaction fails to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), our shareholders may pay additional U.S. federal income taxes. • Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may disrupt our business. • The Proposed Transaction’s consummation is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions. • Failure to integrate our and K-C’s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame. • The Merger Agreement restricts certain business activities prior to the effective time of the Proposed Transaction. • We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction. • The Proposed Transaction may result in a loss of customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties and may result in the termination of existing contracts. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Operations • Damage to our or our brands’ reputation could impact our brand loyalty with consumers, customers, and third parties. • We face intense competition, including from multinational corporations, smaller regional companies, private-label brands, and generic non-branded products, in each of our reportable business segments and product lines and across all geographic markets in which we operate. • Our ability to both innovate successfully and anticipate, understand, and respond appropriately to market trends, rapidly changing consumer and customer preferences, and shifting demand for our products. • Our marketing efforts may be costly and inefficient and may not successfully defend, maintain, or improve our reputation, our brands, or our market share positions in existing or new markets. • Expanding our global operations requires significant resources and expenses, and we may not succeed due to various commercial, operational, and legal challenges associated with conducting business globally. • We may face challenges in implementing our digital strategy across all aspects of our operations, and our digital strategy may lead us to pursue new offerings and expose us to digital-related risks. • Uncertainty in the development, deployment, use, and regulation of artificial intelligence in our internal processes, manufacturing operations, products, and services, as well as our business more broadly, could adversely affect us. • Failure to realize benefits of acquisitions and divestitures we have pursued or may pursue could adversely affect us. • The threats of counterfeit products, infringement of our intellectual property, and other unauthorized versions of our products, which pose a risk to consumer health and safety and could damage our reputation. • Our reliance on third parties in many aspects of our business, including to manufacture products, inherently involves a lesser degree of control over business operations, compliance matters, and cybersecurity. • Disruptions to our manufacturing or supplier operations could adversely affect us. 17 • Inflationary pressures and related volatility in the cost or availability of raw materials and other inputs for our products, including due to military conflicts, tariffs, and other adverse economic or market conditions. • Information security incidents, including cybersecurity breaches, interruption, breakdown, corruption, destruction, breach, or failure of Technology Systems (as defined below) operated by us or a third party, which could result in reputational damage, operational disruption, and significant associated costs. • Our ability to attract and retain a skilled workforce, reflecting our consumers, and to implement succession plans. Risks Related to Government Regulation, Legal Proceedings, and Financial and Economic Market Conditions • Our ability to comply with a broad range of laws and regulations, and other stakeholder requirements globally, including rapidly evolving requirements related to tax, trade, tariffs, manufacturing, ingredients, climate change, sustainability, the environment, privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence, anti-corruption, and human rights. • We are, and could become, subject to legal proceedings and governmental or regulatory investigations that may result in significant expenses, liabilities (potentially in excess of accruals), and reputational damage. • Concerns about the reliability, safety, and efficacy of our products and their ingredients, including acetaminophen, talc, and phenylephrine, have resulted and could in the future result in litigation, regulatory action, governmental investigations, reputational damage, product recalls, product reformulations, or product withdrawals, whether or not such concerns are based on scientific or factual evidence we believe is sound. • Our ability to successfully establish, maintain, protect, and enforce intellectual property rights and our ability to successfully avoid violation of the intellectual property rights of others. • Risks associated with conducting business globally, including foreign currency risks and impacts on our business related to ongoing and possible future conflicts, geopolitical events, or adverse economic or market conditions. Risks Related to Our Relationship with J&J • Our historical financial information may not necessarily reflect the results that we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company or what our results may be in the future. • We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation. • We are subject to potential tax-related liabilities to J&J for taxes attributable to our business. • Our continued use of legacy J&J branding, including ongoing use of the “Johnson’s ® ” brand. • The transfer of certain assets, liabilities, and contracts from J&J to us contemplated by the Separation has not been completed and may be significantly delayed or not occur at all. • We may not be able to replace necessary manufacturing operations, systems, and services when the transition services agreement (the “Transition Services Agreement”) and the transition manufacturing agreement (the “Transition Manufacturing Agreement,” and, together with the Transition Services Agreement, the “Transition Agreements”) we entered into with J&J in connection with the Separation expire or otherwise terminate. • We may incur indemnification obligations to J&J, including for potentially uncapped amounts, for certain liabilities relating to our business activities. • J&J has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, including the Talc-Related Liabilities (as defined below) for products sold in the United States and Canada, but such indemnity may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities or J&J may be unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock • The stock price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, including as a result of the Proposed Transaction. • We have debt obligations that impose certain restrictions on our business. • We are a holding company and depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments and distributions to us in order to meet our obligations. An investment in our securities involves risks and uncertainties. In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the factors set forth below. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risks and uncertainties are difficult to predict and many are outside of our control and therefore cannot be eliminated. You should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all of these factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. 18 Risks Related to the Proposed Transaction with K-C If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, the combined company may not perform as we or the market expects and may fail to realize the projected benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect the value of K-C common stock, which our shareholders will own following the completion of the Proposed Transaction. The success of the Proposed Transaction will depend, in part, on K-C’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our and K-C’s respective businesses, including operational and other synergies that we believe the combined company will be able to achieve. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. Risks associated with the combined company following the Proposed Transaction include: • the integration process will require significant time and focus from management following the Proposed Transaction and may, for the combined company, result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies; • key employees might decide not to remain with the combined company after the Proposed Transaction is completed, and the loss of key personnel could adversely affect the combined company’s results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects; • the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of the combined company’s common stock after the completion of the Proposed Transaction may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting each of our and K-C’s independent results of operations; • there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the Proposed Transaction that were not discovered in the course of performing due diligence; and • the issuance of shares of the K-C common stock in the Proposed Transaction could depress the market price for the combined company’s common stock. In addition, in connection with the Proposed Transaction, K-C is expected to incur significant additional indebtedness to finance the Cash Consideration (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) and pay fees and expenses relating to the Proposed Transaction. This increased indebtedness will reduce the amount of cash flow available to service K-C’s debt, including any of our debt assumed by K-C in connection with the Proposed Transaction, in future periods. If the combined company’s cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt service obligations, it could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital, or restructure or refinance its indebtedness. Failure to consummate the Proposed Transaction, or a delay in the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. The Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions that must be fulfilled to complete the Proposed Transaction. Those conditions include, among others, certain regulatory approvals, the absence of government restraints or prohibitions preventing the completion of the Proposed Transaction, the approval of the stock portion of the Merger Consideration (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) for listing on Nasdaq, the continued accuracy of the representations and warranties by both parties, and the performance in all material respects by both parties of their obligations under the Merger Agreement. A number of the conditions are not within our control and may prevent, delay, or otherwise materially adversely affect the consummation of the Proposed Transaction. We cannot predict with certainty whether and when any of the required closing conditions will be satisfied or if another uncertainty may arise and cannot assure you that we will be able to timely consummate the Proposed Transaction as currently contemplated under the Merger Agreement or at all. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way, by 19 the failure to complete the Proposed Transaction or by a delay in the completion of the Proposed Transaction, including as a result of the following: • the combined company may not realize any or all of the potential benefits of the Proposed Transaction, including any synergies that could result from combining our financial and business resources with those of K-C; • matters relating to the Proposed Transaction will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company; • we have incurred and will incur further substantial expenses in connection with the Proposed Transaction, including legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/employee benefit-related costs, public company filing fees and other regulatory fees, and other costs relating to the Proposed Transaction regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is consummated; • we may be subject to legal proceedings related to the potential delay of, or failure to consummate, the Proposed Transaction; • we may experience disruptions to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Proposed Transaction, including adverse changes in our relationships with, or loss of, our customers, business partners, and employees, which may not be reversible and may continue or even intensify in the event the Proposed Transaction is delayed or not consummated; • under the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to completing the Proposed Transaction, which restrictions could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business as we otherwise would have done if we were not subject to these restrictions; • we may experience negative reactions to the Proposed Transaction from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of our common stock; and • if the Proposed Transaction is not consummated, we may suffer from negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community, and a failure to close the Proposed Transaction may have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may cause a loss of our or K-C’s management and other key employees, which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. We depend on the experience and industry knowledge of our management personnel and other key employees to execute our business plans. The success of the combined company after the Proposed Transaction will depend, in part, on its ability to retain or attract key management personnel and other key employees. During the pendency or following the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, our current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty or have concerns regarding their roles within the combined company, the timing and consummation of the Proposed Transaction, or the operations of the combined company, any of which may have an adverse effect on our ability to retain or attract key management and other key personnel. If we are unable to retain personnel, including our key management, who are critical to the future operations of the combined company, we or the combined company could face disruptions in our operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise, or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs. In addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transaction. No assurance can be given that the combined company, following the Proposed Transaction, will be able to retain or attract our key management personnel and other key employees to the same extent that we have previously been able to retain or attract our own employees. Holders of our common stock will have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company after the Proposed Transaction and will therefore have less voting influence over the combined company. In the Proposed Transaction, each of our shareholders will become a holder of common stock of the combined company which will continue operations as K-C. Upon completion of the Proposed Transaction, our current shareholders are expected to own approximately 46% and current K-C shareholders are expected to own approximately 54% of the combined company on a fully 20 diluted basis. As a result, our shareholders will have less voting influence on the combined company and may have less influence on its management and policies than they now have over us. Litigation against us or K-C, or the members of our or K-C’s board of directors, could prevent or delay the completion of the Proposed Transaction. Since the announcement of the Proposed Transaction, certain of our shareholders and K-C’s shareholders have filed lawsuits against us, K-C, and/or the board of directors of both companies in connection with the Proposed Transaction, and such lawsuits may continue to be filed. These legal proceedings could delay or prevent the Proposed Transaction from being completed in a timely manner. The existence of litigation related to the Proposed Transaction could affect the likelihood of obtaining the required regulatory approvals. Moreover, any litigation could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert our and K-C’s management’s attention away from their regular business and their focus on successful integration planning for the two companies. Any lawsuit adversely resolved against us, K-C, or members of our respective boards of directors could adversely affect each company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to pursue alternatives to the Proposed Transaction. The Merger Agreement contains “no shop” covenants that restrict our ability to, directly or indirectly, among other things, solicit proposals relating to any alternative business combination or acquisition transactions and enter into any discussions concerning, or provide confidential information in connection with, any such alternative business combination or acquisition transactions. These provisions prevent us from engaging with a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of the Company. The need for regulatory approvals may delay the date of completion of the Proposed Transaction or may diminish the benefits of the Proposed Transaction. The parties to the Merger Agreement are required to obtain the approvals of certain regulatory agencies before completing the Proposed Transaction. Satisfying any requirements of these regulatory agencies may delay the date of completion of the Proposed Transaction. The requisite regulatory approvals may not be received on a timely basis, or at all (in which case the Proposed Transaction could not be completed), or may contain conditions or restrictions on completion of the Proposed Transaction that cannot be satisfied. In addition, any conditions or restrictions imposed could have the effect of imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the Proposed Transaction, which might have an adverse effect on the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. Further, it is possible that, among other things, restrictions on the combined operations of the two companies, including divestitures, may be sought by governmental agencies as a condition to obtaining the required regulatory approvals. This may diminish the benefits of the Proposed Transaction to the combined company or otherwise have an adverse effect on the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. The number of shares of K-C common stock issuable in the First Merger in respect of one share of our common stock is fixed and will not be adjusted. Because the market price of K-C common stock may fluctuate, our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the stock consideration they will receive in exchange for their shares in connection with the Proposed Transaction. At the time the First Merger is completed, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, which consists of 1) 0.14625 shares of K-C common stock and 2) $3.50 in cash. The exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted to reflect stock price changes of either our common stock or K-C common stock prior to the closing of the First Merger. Accordingly, the market value of the stock consideration that our shareholders will receive in the First Merger will vary based on the price of K-C common stock at the time our shareholders receive the Merger Consideration, and our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the share component of the Merger Consideration they will receive upon completion of the First Merger. The market price of K-C common stock is expected to fluctuate through and after the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, which may not occur for a considerable amount of time. Changes in the price of K-C common stock may result from a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in K-C’s and our businesses, operations and prospects, changes in market assessments of the likelihood that the Proposed Transaction will be completed and/or the value that may be generated by the Proposed Transaction, changes with respect to expectations regarding the timing of the Proposed Transaction, and regulatory considerations. Many of these factors are beyond our and K-C’s control. In addition, the use of cash and incurrence of indebtedness by K-C in connection with the financing of the Proposed Transaction may have an adverse impact on K-C’s liquidity, limit K-C’s flexibility in responding to other business opportunities, and increase K-C’s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, each of which 21 could adversely affect the market price of K-C’s common stock prior to closing and that of the combined company following closing. If the Proposed Transaction fails to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, our shareholders may be required to pay additional U.S. federal income taxes. The Proposed Transaction is intended to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and we and K-C intend to report the Proposed Transaction consistent with such qualification. However, the closing is not conditioned upon the receipt of an opinion of counsel or a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) that the Proposed Transaction will so qualify, and neither we nor K-C intends to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Proposed Transaction. Consequently, no assurance can be given that the Proposed Transaction will so qualify, that the IRS will not challenge such qualification, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the Proposed Transaction were to fail to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, a holder of our common stock generally would recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of our common stock for K-C common stock in the Proposed Transaction. This would be in addition to income with respect to the Cash Consideration (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein), which generally would constitute taxable income to a holder of our common stock in an amount equal to the lesser of the amount of such cash and the holder’s realized gain in its K-C common stock if the Proposed Transaction qualified as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Our business operations may be subject to disruption due to uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect our or the combined company’s business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations pending and following the Proposed Transaction. Parties with which we do business may experience uncertainty associated with the Proposed Transaction, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us or the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. Our business relationships may be subject to disruption as customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, and other third parties with whom they do business may attempt to delay or defer entering into new business relationships, negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us or the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. These disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is completed and could adversely affect the combined company’s ability to realize the expected cost savings and other benefits of the Proposed Transaction. The risk and adverse effects of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in the closing of the Proposed Transaction or termination of the Merger Agreement. If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, its completion is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we or K-C is a party. The consummation of the Proposed Transaction is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we or K-C or our respective subsidiaries are a party. If we and K-C are unable to obtain the counterparties’ consents or waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the applicable agreements, including in some instances potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. Even if we and K-C are able to negotiate consents or waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such consents or waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to the combined company. In addition, in connection with the Proposed Transaction, we and K-C have agreed that the Proposed Transaction will constitute a “change in control,” or term of similar import, under certain Company compensation and benefit arrangements and K-C compensation and benefit arrangements, as applicable, which may result in additional payments and benefits to directors and executive officers. Failure to integrate our and K-C’s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect the future results of the combined company. We and K-C have operated and, until the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, will continue to operate independently. Following the closing of the Proposed Transaction, our respective businesses may not be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key Company employees or key K-C employees, the loss of customers, service providers, vendors or other business counterparties, the disruption of either company’s or both companies’ ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen 22 expenses, delays, or regulatory conditions associated with and following the closing of the mergers or higher-than-expected integration costs, and an overall post-closing integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, the following challenges, among others, must be addressed in integrating our and K-C’s operations in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transaction: • combining the companies’ operations and corporate functions and the resulting difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex, diversified business and a larger portfolio of products; • combining our and K-C’s businesses in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated to result from the Proposed Transaction; • integrating and managing new product lines; • avoiding delays in connection with the Proposed Transaction or the integration process; • integrating personnel from the two companies and minimizing the loss of key employees; • identifying and eliminating redundant functions and assets; • harmonizing the companies’ operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls, compliance and other policies, procedures, and processes; • maintaining existing agreements with customers, service providers, vendors, and other business counterparties and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, service providers, vendors, and other business counterparties; • addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures, and management philosophies; and • consolidating the companies’ operating, administrative, and information technology infrastructure and financial systems. The Merger Agreement subjects us to restrictions on our business activities prior to the effective time of the Proposed Transaction. The Merger Agreement restricts us from entering into certain corporate transactions and from taking other specified actions without the consent of K-C until the closing of the Proposed Transaction. These restrictions could be in place for an extended period of time if the closing of the Proposed Transaction is delayed and could prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the closing of the Proposed Transaction. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction, which may be in excess of those we anticipated. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, a number of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and consummating the Proposed Transaction and combining our and K-C’s operations. These expenses have been, and will continue to be, substantial. The substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will consist of costs related to the Proposed Transaction including, among other things, fees paid to financial, legal, and accounting advisors, employee retention, severance and benefits costs, filing fees, and debt restructuring costs. Many of these costs will be borne by us even if the Proposed Transaction is not completed. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in connection with the Proposed Transaction and the integration of the two companies’ businesses. The Proposed Transaction may result in a loss of customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties and may result in the termination of existing contracts. Following the Proposed Transaction, some of our or K-C’s customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties may terminate or scale back their current or prospective business relationships with the combined company. In addition, we and K-C have contracts with customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties that may require us or K-C to obtain consents from these other parties in connection with the Proposed Transaction, which may not be obtained on favorable terms or at all. If relationships with customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, or other business counterparties are adversely affected by the Proposed Transaction, or if the combined company loses the benefits of our or K-C’s contracts, it could adversely affect our or the combined company’s business, results of operations, or financial condition. 23 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our brands are critical to our success, and damage to our reputation or our brands could adversely affect us. Our ability to compete successfully depends on the strength of our brands. The vast majority of our Net sales are derived from products bearing proprietary trademarks and trade names, and these trademarks and trade names convey that the products we sell are “brand name” products. Developing and maintaining the reputation of our brands is a critical component of our relationship with consumers, customers and third-party partners, including healthcare professionals, celebrities, and influencers. We believe consumers, customers, and third-party partners value and trust the reputation, reliability, and status of our brands and the quality, performance, and functionality of our products. As a result, we devote significant time and resources to programs designed to grow, protect, and preserve our brands. However, these efforts may not be successful, and failure to maintain the value of our brands could impact our brand loyalty with consumers, customers, and third-party partners and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our reputation and our brands have in the past been, and could in the future be, damaged by negative publicity, whether or not valid. Negative publicity could relate to our company, our brands, our products, our supply chain, our ingredients, our packaging, our sustainability practices, our employees, or any other aspect of our business. Negative publicity that damages one of our brands could be compounded by having an adverse effect on our other brands or our company as a whole. Our reputation or our brands could also be adversely affected by negative publicity related to our industry, our competitors, our competitors’ products, our customers, or our third-party partners, including healthcare professionals, celebrities, influencers, manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, and others with whom we have relationships, even if the publicity is not directly related to our company or our brands and is not accurate. Our reputation or our brands could be adversely affected if our customers or third-party partners fail to maintain high ethical, social, environmental, health and safety standards; fail to comply with local laws and regulations; or become subject to other negative events or adverse publicity. While we have policies and procedures in place for managing third-party relationships, it may not be possible to fully ensure that third parties adhere to the same standards and values that we do or to replace third-party partners in a timely or cost-effective manner. See “—Risks Related to Our Operations—We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, including to manufacture certain of our products, which exposes us to additional risks that could adversely affect us.” Finally, widespread use of digital and social media platforms around the world has greatly increased the accessibility of information and misinformation and the speed with which it is disseminated, which has made, and likely will continue to make, maintaining our reputation and our brands more challenging. We operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect us. We face substantial competition in each of our reportable business segments and product lines and across all geographic markets in which we operate. We compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of numerous factors, including cost-effectiveness; product performance; real or perceived product advantages; intellectual property rights; advertising and promotional activities; implementation of digital and omnichannel strategies; adoption of technological advancements; sponsorship initiatives; brand recognition and loyalty; consumer convenience; pricing; and geographic reach. The entry of new competitors of all sizes could increase these and other competitive pressures in the future. We may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of the threats posed by our competitors or to successfully respond to them. These competitive pressures and the cost of responding to them, including management time and out-of-pocket expenses, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We compete with a range of businesses, including large multinational corporations and agile regional players that may pose challenges to our growth and market position. Certain of our competitors are multinational corporations that may have greater resources and a larger market share than we do. These competitors could introduce competing products more quickly, respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions and evolving consumer preferences, outspend us on advertising and promotional activities, or possess greater negotiating leverage with customers, manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, and other third-party partners. In addition, we face competition from smaller companies that often operate on a regional basis. Many of these companies have benefited from the substantial growth in e-commerce and focus extensively on DTC or other non-traditional, digital business models. Our products also compete with retailers’ private-label brands and generic non-branded products, which are typically sold at lower prices than our branded products. An increase in the availability and acceptance of private-label brands and generic non-branded products around the world could cause us to reduce the prices of some of our products to maintain sales volume, which could adversely affect the profitability and market share of those products and otherwise adversely affect our business, results 24 of operations, or financial condition. Although we believe that our branded products provide superior quality, performance, and functionality, we cannot predict with certainty the extent to which consumers will continue to favor our branded products over private-label and generic non-branded products, particularly during periods when economic conditions are uncertain. If we are unable to anticipate, understand, and respond appropriately to market trends and rapidly changing consumer and customer preferences in a timely manner, we could be adversely affected. Our success is increasingly dependent on our ability to anticipate, understand, and respond appropriately to market trends and rapidly changing consumer and customer preferences more quickly than our competitors. This requires us to effectively leverage analytics and technology to gain new commercial insights and develop targeted marketing and advertising initiatives to reach consumers and customers. To maintain our success and increase our consumer and customer base, we must continually work to maintain and enhance the reputation of our brands; develop, manufacture, and market new products with differentiated benefits; maintain or expand our presence in existing and emerging distribution channels; anticipate and adapt to evolving scientific knowledge and advances; successfully manage our inventories; and modernize and refine our approach as to how and where we manufacture, market, and sell our products. Furthermore, market trends, consumer preferences, and purchasing patterns may vary by geographic region, which could present challenges for our brands that have global distribution footprints. Certain of our products are also subject to seasonal sale fluctuations as described in Part I, Item 1, “Business—Seasonality.” If we are unable to anticipate, understand, and respond appropriately to market trends and rapidly changing consumer and customer preferences, we may experience lower sales or increased pricing pressures, leading to excess inventory levels or lower gross margins, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If our marketing efforts are not successful, we could be adversely affected. Our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and promote a favorable perception of our brands and products on a cost-effective basis. Further, reliance on third parties in our marketing strategy, particularly as consolidation increases in the media and advertising industry, including key agencies we employ, could disrupt our marketing operations. We use various media, including digital, social media, and mobile communication channels, in connection with our marketing efforts. Our effectiveness in doing so depends on the successful execution of our digital strategy. See “—We face challenges implementing our digital strategy, which could adversely affect us.” Our effectiveness also depends on our ability to develop and deploy effective marketing assets. In addition, our advertising and promotional activities may become increasingly expensive, particularly as we adapt to new and evolving media platforms and communication channels and as media concentrates in certain platforms. Our competitors could spend more resources on their marketing efforts, use more efficient and effective marketing initiatives than we do, or secure more effective endorsements from key opinion leaders or influencers, any of which may provide our competitors with a competitive advantage. Generating a meaningful return on our marketing efforts may become increasingly difficult, and even if our marketing efforts do yield increased Net sales, the increase in Net sales may not offset the expenses we incur. If claims that are made as part of our advertising and promotional activities, whether they are made by us or by third-party partners, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, it could damage our reputation or our brands, cause us to alter our marketing initiatives in ways that could adversely affect our sales, or result in the imposition of significant damages or other penalties against us. Furthermore, if claims made by us or our third-party partners do not comply with the Endorsement Guides or any requirements of the FTC Act or similar state requirements, then the FTC and state authorities could subject us to investigations and enforcement actions, impose penalties, require us to pay monetary consumer redress, require us to revise our marketing materials, or require us to accept burdensome injunctions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. An inability to successfully expand our global operations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In recent years, we have grown, and we intend to continue to grow, our business by expanding our global operations. In seeking to expand our operations in geographic markets where we currently have a presence or to establish operations in new geographic markets where we do not currently have a presence, we expect, as we have in the past, to invest significant resources, incur significant expenses, and face various challenges, including those related to compliance with market-specific laws or regulations, gaining acceptance of our products from consumers, customers, and third-party partners, and expanding our sales force and other personnel in those markets. We cannot predict with certainty the extent to which our products, our 25 marketing efforts, and our operations will be accepted or successful in any particular market, and it is possible that positive returns on our investments in a market will not be achieved for several years, or at all. Furthermore, as we continue to expand our global operations, the variety and magnitude of risks associated with conducting business around the world may increase, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. See “—Risks Related to Financial and Economic Market Conditions—We face a variety of risks associated with conducting business around the world, including foreign currency fluctuations, and these risks will increase as we continue to expand our global operations.” We face challenges implementing our digital strategy, which could adversely affect us. Over the last several years, we have pursued a new digital strategy across all aspects of our operations, and we intend to continue to accelerate our implementation of this strategy in the future. Effective implementation of our digital strategy has required, and will require, significant investments in our digital platforms, including information technology systems, and significant development and expansion of our digital capabilities, including data science, data analytics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing, and other developing and emerging platforms. Our pursuit of this strategy has led us in recent years to promote new services, including e-commerce, and introduce innovative new products and connected health offerings, including the Zyrtec ® AllergyCast app and the Neutrogena ® Skin360 app, that are outside of the traditional services and products we have historically provided to our consumers and customers. Expanding our service and product offerings through digital initiatives will expose us to additional risks and uncertainties associated with conducting business digitally, including the speed with which technology changes, technical failures, information security or cybersecurity incidents, consumer privacy and data protection concerns, ethical concerns, changes in state tax regimes and government regulation of internet activities, software, data collection, and other digital activities. See “—Risks Related to Our Operations—An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of an information technology or operational technology system owned or operated by us or a third party, could adversely affect us.” and “—Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings—A breach of privacy laws or unauthorized access, loss, or misuse of personal data could adversely affect us.” We may not be able to respond appropriately to these risks and uncertainties, or we may otherwise face challenges as we continue to implement our digital strategy. If we are unable to improve our data quality and access, drive e-commerce success, enhance our precision marketing capabilities, or otherwise realize the intended benefits of our digital strategy, we may decide to adjust our focus on digital operations, or the pace at which we pursue our digital strategy, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Uncertainty in the development, deployment, use, and regulation of artificial intelligence in our internal processes, manufacturing operations, products and services, as well as our business more broadly, could adversely affect us. We are piloting the use of systems and tools that incorporate artificial intelligence-based technologies, including generative artificial intelligence, in connection with supply chain and operations, content creation, as well as in various Kenvuer productivity enhancement use cases. As with many new and emerging technologies, artificial intelligence presents numerous risks and challenges that could adversely affect our business. The development, adoption, integration, and use of generative artificial intelligence technology remains in early stages, and ineffective or inadequate artificial intelligence governance, development, use, or deployment practices by us or third parties could result in unintended consequences. In addition, any latency, disruption, or failure in our artificial intelligence systems or infrastructure could result in delays or errors in our offerings. Inadequate governance, testing, or quality assurance processes could result in flawed deployments, producing erroneous or harmful outputs, which could damage our reputation and lead to regulatory complications and legal liabilities. Developing, testing, and deploying resource-intensive artificial intelligence systems may require additional investment and increase our costs. There also may be real or perceived social harm, environmental costs, unfairness, or other outcomes that undermine public confidence in and approval of the deployment and use of artificial intelligence. Furthermore, third parties may deploy artificial intelligence technologies in a manner that reduces customer demand for our products and services. Any of the foregoing may result in decreased demand for our products and services or harm to our business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. The legal, regulatory, and ethics landscapes around the use of artificial intelligence technologies, including generative artificial intelligence, is rapidly evolving and uncertain, including in relation to the areas of intellectual property, cybersecurity, and privacy and data protection. While we continue to implement our artificial intelligence governance based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Artificial Intelligence Risk Management Framework, the use of artificial intelligence tools may compromise our confidential or sensitive information, result in unauthorized processing of personal data, put our 26 intellectual property at risk, or cause us to infringe on others’ intellectual property rights, which could in turn damage our reputation. Additionally, third parties that license artificial intelligence technologies to us may impose unfavorable licensing terms or terminate the licenses altogether which would require us to seek licenses from alternative sources to avoid disruptions in feature delivery. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations, or industry standards relating to artificial intelligence may impose significant operational costs and may limit our ability to develop, deploy, or use artificial intelligence technologies. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or brand and reputational harm. The rapidly changing retail landscape, including our increasing dependence on key customers in developed markets, changes in the policies of our customers, and e-commerce and other alternative retail channels, could adversely affect us. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which, in recent years, has experienced increased retail trade concentration, the emergence of retail buying alliances, including the consolidation of bargaining strength across multiple partners, the rapid growth of e-commerce, the rise of agentic shopping, and the integration of traditional and digital operations at key customers. As a result of these trends, certain large-format customers and customer alliances have significant bargaining strength and represent a significant proportion of our total Net sales. Customers have used, and may continue to use, their bargaining strength as leverage to demand increased investments across a diverse platform, inclusive of data, retail media, search, higher trade discounts, logistical services, or fines and promotion, which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. For a discussion of increased retail trade concentration in our industry and its impact on us, including the impact of our largest customers, refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —Key Factors Affecting Our Results—Increased Competition.” Although we have formed long-term relationships with many of our key customers, our contracts with these customers typically have stated terms of one to three years. Accordingly, these relationships could change on short notice, and the terms of our future agreements with such customers are subject to periodic negotiation. We may not have any recourse in the event a customer no longer wants to purchase products from us or reduces the number of items it purchases from us. The loss of or significant reduction in sales to a key customer or a significant number of smaller customers could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We also have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected by changes in the policies or practices of our customers surrounding their inventory levels, fulfillment requirements, shelf space allocation, environmental or sustainability requirements, supply chain, packaging standards or initiatives, and other conditions. Moreover, the standards or initiatives established by our customers may conflict with one another, as has been the case with various “clean beauty” sustainability standards, which could impose additional costs on us and otherwise present challenges, particularly for our brands that have global or large distribution footprints. In addition, the retail landscape in many markets continues to evolve as a result of the rapid growth of e-commerce retailers and price comparison websites, changing consumer preferences and purchasing patterns (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social media applications) and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and DTC businesses. These trends have accelerated in recent years. The rapid growth of e-commerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created, and may continue to create, pricing pressures for us and our customers or otherwise adversely affect our relationships with our customers. If we are not successful in continuing to adapt or effectively react to these trends, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. See “—If we are unable to anticipate, understand, and respond appropriately to market trends and rapidly changing consumer and customer preferences in a timely manner, we could be adversely affected.” Significant challenges or delays in our innovation and development of new products and technologies could adversely affect us. We cannot predict with certainty when or whether we will be able to develop products and technologies, or otherwise license or acquire new products and technologies, and whether they will be commercially successful. Developing new products and technologies is a complex, time-consuming, and costly process. Any new product may not generate sufficient consumer and customer interest and sales to become a profitable product or to cover the costs of its development and promotion. Our ability to achieve a successful launch of a new product could also be adversely affected by actions taken by competitors in response to the launch, such as increased advertising and promotional activities with respect to competing products. The success of a product can also be adversely affected by concerns about the reliability, safety, or efficacy of the product or an ingredient used in the product. See “—Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings—Concerns about the reliability, safety, or efficacy of our products or their ingredients could result in litigation, 27 regulatory action, reputational damage, product recalls, product reformulations, or product withdrawals, which could adversely affect us.” In addition, our ability to develop innovative new products could be adversely affected if third parties allege that we are infringing on, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. If, in the course of identifying or developing new products, we are found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, our ability to develop innovative new products could be adversely affected. Even if it is ultimately determined that we did not infringe, a claim of infringement could delay our launch of a new product or increase the cost of its development. See “—Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings—We may not be able to successfully establish, maintain, protect, and enforce intellectual property rights that are, in the aggregate, material to our business.” We have pursued, and expect to continue to pursue, acquisitions and divestitures, which exposes us to additional risks that could adversely affect us. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain contractual limitations on acquisitions and divestitures which may limit our ability to execute aspects of our growth strategy or portfolio optimization initiatives. As part of our growth strategy, we may pursue acquisitions of businesses, brands, assets, and technologies from third parties in the future. Pursuing acquisition targets, signing and closing acquisition transactions, and integrating acquired businesses, brands, assets, and technologies into our ongoing operations involve numerous potential risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition, including diverting management’s attention; receiving necessary consents, clearances, and approvals in connection with a transaction; successfully integrating operations; operating in new lines of business or markets; retaining key employees, partners, suppliers, and customers of the acquired business; and encountering other unanticipated problems or liabilities. Moreover, our acquisitions have in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial exposure to contingent liabilities, such as litigation, indemnification claims, and earn-out obligations. The occurrence of these or other costs of acquisitions, such as incurrence of substantial additional debt or transaction costs or impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. See Note 17, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, including with respect to indemnification claims related to OTC Zantac products sold by third parties in the United States. In addition, we have divested, and expect to continue to periodically divest in the future, businesses, brands, and assets as part of ongoing efforts to refine our portfolio and redefine our strategic priorities. These divestitures may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of Net sales and profits associated with the divested businesses, brands, or assets or otherwise achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from the divestitures. Furthermore, businesses, brands, or assets under consideration for, or otherwise subject to, divestiture may be adversely impacted prior to completion of the divestiture, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain contractual limitations on acquisitions and divestitures prior to the closing of the Proposed Transaction. These restrictions may limit our ability to execute aspects of our growth strategy or portfolio optimization initiatives until the Proposed Transaction closes. See “—Risks Related to the Proposed Transaction with K-C—Failure to consummate the Proposed Transaction, or a delay in the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price.” Counterfeit, intellectual-property-infringing, or other unauthorized versions (“Counterfeit Copies”) of our products, particularly in our OTC business, could harm consumers and adversely affect us. Our industry, including our business, continues to be challenged by illegal counterfeiting and illicit trade. We have anticounterfeiting initiatives in place and work closely with government regulators and law enforcement officials to prevent and stop these activities. Nonetheless, third parties have illegally distributed and sold, and may in the future illegally distribute and sell, Counterfeit Copies of our OTC medicines or other products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. Such Counterfeit Copies of our products may contain harmful substances, the wrong dose of an active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) or no API at all, depriving consumers of the therapeutic benefit of these products. However, to distributors and consumers, Counterfeit Copies may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic versions and, as a result, the Counterfeit Copies may be sold by retailers or purchased by consumers in error. In particular, we may be unable to prevent sales of Counterfeit Copies online, particularly as our sales on various e-commerce platforms grow. The internet exposes consumers to greater risk because it is a preferred vehicle for Counterfeit Copies. Counterfeit Copies pose a risk to consumer 28 health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured, which are often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected, and unsanitary sites, as well as the lack of regulation of and information about their contents. Counterfeit Copies could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition by being mistakenly attributed to, or impacting consumer confidence in, our authentic products, potentially resulting in lost sales, damage to our reputation or our brands, product recalls, and an increased threat of legal or regulatory proceedings. Risks Related to Our Operations We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, including to manufacture certain of our products, which exposes us to additional risks that could adversely affect us. We rely on relationships with third parties, including manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, logistics providers, and other external business partners. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships or there is a failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to us, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. While we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control, thereby potentially increasing our reputational, legal, financial, and operational risk. If our third-party partners fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or standards, our reputation or our brands could be damaged, and we could be exposed to litigation, investigations, enforcement actions, monetary liability, and additional costs. Moreover, some of our third-party partners are located outside the United States, which exposes us to additional risks inherent to conducting business around the world. We also, as a result of the Separation, for certain of those third-party relationships, operate on the basis of legacy contracts with the relevant suppliers, and have, and in the future may, face challenges from, or disputes with, those suppliers relating to the interpretation of the scope and validity of those legacy contracts, in a post-Separation context. Resolving such challenges or disputes, or mitigating related risks has, and in the future may, also expose us to litigation or monetary liability and additional costs, or potentially disrupt our business. In particular, we partner with third parties to manufacture certain of our key products, such as Tylenol ® and Zyrtec ® . We depend on these third-party manufacturers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. However, these third-party manufacturers may not be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, which could result in lost sales and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Other risks associated with our reliance on third parties to manufacture products include reliance on third parties for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, potential misappropriation of our intellectual property by third parties or their employees, limited ability to manage our inventory, possible breach of manufacturing agreements by third parties, and the possible termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing agreements by third parties at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffers any damage to its facilities, loses benefits under material agreements, experiences power outages or cybersecurity issues, encounters financial difficulties, is unable to secure necessary raw materials from its suppliers, or suffers any other disruption, we may be adversely impacted. In the event that such a disruption occurs, we may need to seek and source other qualified third-party manufacturers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. See “—Disruptions to our manufacturing or supplier operations could adversely affect us.” In connection with the Separation, we have replaced certain of our existing contracts with third parties and, with respect to certain contracts, including contracts related to information technology and cybersecurity matters, that were transferred, in whole or in part, from J&J to us, we have obtained consents or approvals from third parties. In a number of cases, replacement contracts were agreed on terms similar to those previously in place with J&J, and there is a risk that, at the time of future renewals, those suppliers may become more reluctant to continue extending previously advantageous legacy terms. If we are unable to obtain future renewals on similar terms, or if we can only do so on less favorable terms, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. See “—Risks Related to Our Relationship with J&J—The transfer of certain contracts and other assets and rights from J&J to us may require the consents or approvals of third parties and governmental authorities, and failure to obtain these consents or approvals could adversely affect us.” In addition, upon expiration or termination of the Transition Manufacturing Agreement entered into with J&J in connection with the Separation, we will need to engage alternative third-party sources to supply certain materials or products that J&J still provides, which could further increase our exposure to the risks related to reliance on third parties. See “—Risks Related to Our Relationship with J&J—J&J may fail to perform under the Transition Agreements, or we may fail to have replacement arrangements in place when these agreements expire.” 29 Disruptions to our manufacturing or supplier operations could adversely affect us. Our ability to meet the needs of our consumers and customers depends on the proper functioning of our manufacturing and supplier operations. Our manufacturing operations require the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. Interruptions or delays in, or affecting, our internal operations, or those of our third-party partners, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. These disruptions could be caused by a number of factors, including regulatory action, quality control or safety issues, labor disputes or the lack of availability of qualified personnel, concentration or insolvency of manufacturers or suppliers, site-specific incidents, natural disasters, raw material shortages, increases in the cost of components and materials for our products, political unrest, terrorist attacks, cybersecurity incidents, epidemics, pandemics, global shipping, logistics, transport and warehousing constraints, governmental incentives and controls (including import and export restrictions, such as new or increased tariffs, sanctions, quotas, or trade barriers), other unfavorable economic or market conditions, trade embargoes or sanctions, tariffs, customs and tax requirements, and similar factors. We have in the past faced, and may in the future face, unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through our internal and external supply chain. Manufacturing or supplier disruptions could result in product shortages, declining sales, reputational damage, or significant costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, although we currently operate in-house manufacturing sites and source from hundreds of suppliers around the world, some of our products are currently manufactured at a single location or a limited number of locations. Despite our goal of having two or more active sources of supply for all critical materials or to build appropriate safety stock, we purchase certain key components and materials for our products, including APIs required to manufacture Tylenol ® , from single-source suppliers or a limited number of suppliers. As a result, a disruption that only impacts a single manufacturing facility or supplier could nonetheless have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our current third-party partners may not be able to continue to manufacture or supply required quantities at preferential prices or accommodate our anticipated growth. New manufacturers and suppliers may need to be qualified under industry and governmental standards as well as our own ethical and business partner standards, which can require a significant amount of resources or take an extended period of time. If we are unable to enter into relationships with new manufacturers or suppliers or replace the loss or unavailability of any of our existing manufacturers or suppliers on a timely basis, or at all, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. Disruptions to our distribution operations could adversely affect our ability to deliver our products to consumers and customers. Our ability to receive inventory and deliver products to distributors, customers, and consumers on a timely basis depends on the proper functioning of our manufacturing, supplier, and distribution operations, and interruptions or delays in, or affecting, these operations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Distribution disruptions can occur for many reasons, including manufacturing or supplier disruptions, labor disputes or shortages, concentration or insolvency of distributors or logistics providers, site-specific incidents, natural disasters, political unrest, terrorist attacks, cybersecurity incidents, epidemics, pandemics, other unfavorable economic or market conditions, trade embargoes or sanctions, tariffs, customs, and tax requirements and similar factors, increases in transportation or shipping costs, issues with overseas shipments, reductions in the transportation capacity of carriers, disruptions to transportation infrastructure, and other unexpected delivery interruptions or delays. We are also subject to risks of damage to, or loss of, our products while they are stored in our warehousing facilities or being delivered by our third-party logistics partners. Distributors, customers, and consumers rely on timely receipt of our products and any repeated, intermittent or long-term disruption to, or failure of, the operations of our warehousing and distribution facilities, or third-party logistics partners, could lead to lower sales and profitability, excess inventory, reputational damage or loss of loyalty to our brands. In addition, as we continue to grow our business, we may need to continue to update or expand our warehousing and distribution facilities, which may require significant amounts of capital, or engage additional third-party distributors and logistics partners, which may increase the risks to our business associated with reliance on third parties. See “—We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, including to manufacture certain of our products, which exposes us to additional risks that could adversely affect us.” Volatility in the cost or availability of raw materials and other inputs for our products, including due to military conflicts, has adversely affected, and could in the future continue to adversely affect us. The manufacturing and distribution of our products involves a variety of raw materials, including resins, silicon, pulp and corn derivatives, paper, agrochemicals, vegetable oils and oleochemicals; and other inputs, including energy, labor, transportation 30 (such as trucks, containers, and ocean freight), and logistics services. Any increase in the cost, or constraint on the availability, of these or other inputs could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Volatility in the cost or availability of these or other inputs for our products can occur for many reasons, including changes in consumer and customer preferences and purchasing patterns, regulatory action, safety and labor issues, concentration or insolvency of suppliers, site-specific incidents, natural disasters, political unrest, terrorist attacks, cybersecurity incidents, epidemics, pandemics, other unfavorable economic or market conditions, trade embargoes or sanctions, tariffs, customs and tax requirements, currency fluctuations, and similar factors. Inflationary pressures have increased in recent years, and the costs of raw materials, packaging components, and other inputs for our products may increase in the future. In recent years, we have experienced, and we may in the future experience, higher than expected inflation, including escalating transportation, commodity, and other supply chain costs and disruptions that have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our results of operations. We were able to mitigate some of these impacts through 2023, 2024, and 2025, with deflationary impacts seen in certain cost areas. Nonetheless, inflationary pressures may again increase, and supply chain disruptions may persist. We strive to maintain our usual profit margins in economies experiencing high inflation rates, which has in the past caused us (including in response to recent periods of high inflation in the United States), and may in the future cause us, to increase our prices where possible and to implement supply chain optimization initiatives to partially offset the adverse effects of the high inflation. During 2023, 2024 and 2025, we partially offset the impact of prior inflationary increases, as well as tariffs, through price increases, in addition to continued supply chain optimization initiatives. However, if our costs continue to be subject to inflationary pressures or higher tariffs, which remain subject to frequent and rapid change, we may not be able to offset the higher costs through price increases, achieve cost efficiencies, or otherwise manage the exposure through sourcing strategies, ongoing productivity initiatives, and the use of commodity hedging contracts, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, even if we are initially able to increase the prices of our products, we may not be able to sustain these price increases, or sustained price increases may eventually lead to a decline in sales volume. As a result, inflationary pressures or tariffs could damage our reputation or our brands or lead to loss of profitability or market share, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, in certain cases, our relationship with a particular supplier may not be governed by a formal supply contract and, although other risks are addressed on an order-by-order basis, through purchasing on our standard terms and conditions, the supplier could discontinue our supply at any time. This risk may be magnified in economies experiencing high inflation rates, as suppliers could respond to inflationary pressures by reallocating supply to competitors that are willing to pay more for the applicable materials or components. If we are unable to procure key raw materials or packaging components for our products at a reasonable cost, or at all, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. If we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products, we could be adversely affected. To ensure adequate inventory supply, we forecast inventory needs and place orders with our third-party manufacturers before firm orders are placed by our consumers or customers. Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products include an unanticipated increase or decrease in demand for our products; our failure to accurately forecast acceptance for new products; product introductions by competitors; unanticipated changes in general market conditions; the impact of incidence rates for illnesses certain of our products address; the seasonal nature of certain of our products, including as a result of unseasonable weather conditions; the impact on demand due to natural disasters, weakening of economic conditions or consumer or customer confidence in future economic conditions; and terrorism or acts of war, or the threat thereof, or political or labor instability or unrest. If we fail to accurately forecast consumer and customer demand for our products, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of product. Excess inventory levels m