 of this Report for additional risks associated with Boardwalk Pipelines’ growth projects and the related financing. 11 Table of Contents Boardwalk Pipelines’ more significant growth projects are listed and described below: Expected in-service date Expected incremental capacity added to system (Bcf/d) Eunice - Iowa (a) Third quarter 2026 0.1 Carnation Project (b) Fourth quarter 2027 0.2 Northeast Texas Power Plant Project (c) Fourth quarter 2027 0.3 Kosciusko Junction project (Kosci project) (c) First half 2028 1.2 Ohio Power Plant Project (c) First half 2028 0.3 Southeast Compression for Utility Reliability Expansion project (SECURE project) (c) First half 2028 0.3 Parks Line Upgrade and Sorrento Station Project (PLUSS project) (d) First half 2028 0.2 Texas Gateway Project (e) Second half 2029 1.5 Petal Gas Storage Expansion (f) Second half 2030 (f) (a) This project has received approval from FERC and is in construction. (b) This project remains subject to FERC approval and receipt of environmental permits and authorizations. (c) These projects remain subject to FERC approval, acquisition of land rights, and receipt of environmental permits and authorizations. (d) This project received FERC approval in December 2025 and is expected to start construction in the first half of 2026. (e) This project remains subject to FERC approval, acquisition of land rights, receipt of environmental permits and authorizations and other conditions precedent. (f) This project remains subject to FERC approval and is expected to add 10 Bcf of storage working gas capacity. The Eunice – Iowa project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines’ pipeline system by the addition of compression facilities to the Lake Charles, Louisiana area and is supported by precedent and long-term firm transportation agreements to serve industrial and power markets. The Carnation Project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines’ pipeline system in Hamilton County, Ohio, through the installation of a compressor unit and auxiliary equipment. This project is supported by a precedent agreement with an LDC and is expected to support regional energy needs. The Northeast Texas Power Plant Project is expected to increase the delivery capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines’ pipeline system in Northeast Texas, through the construction of 16 miles of natural gas pipeline and a delivery meter connected to a power plant. The project is supported by a precedent agreement with a utility customer. The Kosci project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines’ pipeline system through the addition of compression facilities, the installation of 110 miles of natural gas pipeline, and other system modifications. The capacity for this project is supported by precedent agreements with utility customers. This project is designed to connect supply from the Haynesville, Utica/Marcellus, and Fayetteville basins to markets in the southeast U.S. that are either tied into Boardwalk Pipelines’ existing pipeline systems or will be served through third-party pipeline interconnects. The Ohio Power Plant Project is expected to increase the delivery capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines’ pipeline system in Hamilton County, Ohio, through the construction of seven miles of natural gas pipeline and a delivery meter connected to a power plant. The project is supported by a precedent agreement with a utility customer. Boardwalk Pipelines executed two precedent agreements for the SECURE project, which is expected to provide additional transportation from west to east across its pipeline systems. This project is expected to increase the peak-day transmission capacity by increasing the horsepower at three existing compressor stations and constructing a new compressor station. This project supports growing energy demand and power generation needs. 12 Table of Contents The PLUSS project is supported by precedent agreements to serve industrial and power markets in the Mississippi River corridor. As part of the project, Boardwalk Pipelines intends to add compression facilities, modify its pipelines and perform other system modifications on its pipeline systems. The Texas Gateway Project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines’ pipeline system through the construction of approximately 155 miles of natural gas pipeline and the addition of compression facilities. This project is designed to connect supply from the Katy and Carthage, Texas, hubs for delivery to growing demand in Southwest Louisiana near Gillis and increase liquidity, supply security and flow assurance for LNG exporters, electric utilities, industrial users and natural gas producers. The Petal Gas Storage Expansion project is supported by precedent agreements and is expected to increase the working gas storage capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines’ Petal storage field by drilling and constructing a new natural gas storage cavern in Forrest County, Mississippi. In addition to growth projects for which Boardwalk Pipelines has executed precedent agreements, it regularly considers other potential growth projects at earlier stages of development, and is currently evaluating additional growth projects involving substantial capital commitments. Boardwalk Pipelines may from time to time make public disclosures regarding these potential projects, for instance, through announcements of open seasons for potential future capacity. In addition to the risks, uncertainties and contingencies described above regarding the growth projects for which Boardwalk Pipelines has executed precedent agreements, these potential growth projects at earlier stages of development are subject to a variety of additional risks and uncertainties as Boardwalk Pipelines has not reached final investment decisions or secured executed precedent agreements for them. Therefore, these potential growth projects at earlier stages of development may not be consummated as contemplated in any such public disclosures or at all. Refer to Subsidiaries portion of the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of MD&A in Item 7 for further discussion of capital expenditures and financing. Customers: Boardwalk Pipelines serves a broad mix of customers, including end-use customers, such as electric power generators, local distribution companies, industrial and petrochemical users and exporters of LNG. Boardwalk Pipelines also contracts with other customers, including producers and marketers of natural gas and interstate and intrastate pipelines, who, in turn, provide transportation and storage services for end-users. These customers are located throughout the Gulf Coast, Midwest and Northeast regions of the U.S. Boardwalk Pipelines’ natural gas delivery markets continue to diversify, with increased deliveries to end-use customers, whereas, historically its natural gas delivery markets were primarily to other pipelines who then delivered to end-use customers. Governmental Regulation: The FERC regulates Boardwalk Pipelines’ interstate natural gas transmission operating subsidiaries under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (“NGA”) and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (“NGPA”). The FERC regulates, among other things, the rates and charges for the transportation and storage of natural gas in interstate commerce and the construction, extension, enlargement or abandonment of facilities under its jurisdiction. Where required, Boardwalk Pipelines’ natural gas pipeline subsidiaries hold certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the FERC covering certain of their facilities, activities and services. The maximum applicable rates that Boardwalk Pipelines’ FERC-regulated subsidiaries may charge for all aspects of the natural gas transportation services they provide, are established through the FERC’s cost-based rate-making process; however, the FERC also allows for discounted or negotiated rates as an alternative to cost-based rates. Key determinants in the FERC’s cost-based rate-making process are the costs of providing service, the volumes of gas being transported, the rate design, the allocation of costs between services, the capital structure and the rate of return a pipeline is permitted to earn. The maximum applicable rates that Boardwalk Pipelines may charge for storage services on Texas Gas, except for services associated with a portion of the working gas capacity on that system, are also established through the FERC’s cost-based rate-making process. The FERC has authorized Boardwalk Pipelines to charge market-based rates for its firm and interruptible storage services for the majority of its other natural gas storage facilities. None of Boardwalk Pipelines’ FERC-regulated entities currently have an obligation to file a new rate case. Some of Boardwalk Pipelines’ other subsidiaries transport natural gas in intrastate commerce under the rules and regulations established by the Texas Railroad Commission and in interstate commerce that is subject to FERC jurisdiction under Section 311 of the NGPA. The maximum rates for services are established under Section 311 of the NGPA and are generally subject to review every five years by the FERC. The rates and terms of service on Boardwalk Pipelines’ interstate ethane transportation pipeline are also subject to regulation by the FERC under, among other statutes, the Interstate Commerce Act (“ICA”) and the Energy Policy Act of 1992. 13 Table of Contents Over time, the FERC may change, amend or announce that it will undertake a review of its existing policies. There were no major policy changes announced by the FERC during 2025 that materially impacted Boardwalk Pipelines. The FERC has authority to impose civil penalties for violations of the NGA and NGPA, and the implementing regulations thereunder, up to a maximum amount that is adjusted annually for inflation, which for 2026 is approximately $1.5 million per day per violation. Should Boardwalk Pipelines fail to comply with applicable statutes, rules, regulations and orders administered by the FERC, it could be subject to substantial penalties and fines, in addition to reputational damage. The Surface Transportation Board (“STB”) regulates the rates Boardwalk Pipelines charges for interstate service on its ethylene pipeline systems. The Louisiana Public Service Commission (“LPSC”) regulates the rates Boardwalk Pipelines charges for intrastate service within the state of Louisiana on its petrochemical and NGLs pipelines. The STB and LPSC require that Boardwalk Pipelines’ transportation rates are reasonable and that its practices cannot unreasonably discriminate among its shippers. Boardwalk Pipelines is also regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) through the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (“PHMSA”) under the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968, as amended (“NGPSA”) and the Hazardous Liquids Pipeline Safety Act of 1979, as amended (“HLPSA”). The NGPSA and HLPSA govern the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of interstate natural gas and NGLs pipeline facilities. Boardwalk Pipelines has authority from PHMSA to operate certain natural gas pipeline assets under issued permits with specific conditions that allow it to operate those pipeline assets at higher than normal operating pressures of up to 0.80 of the pipeline’s Specified Minimum Yield Strength (“SMYS”). Operating at these pressures allows these pipelines to transport all the existing natural gas volumes Boardwalk Pipelines has contracted for on those facilities with its customers. PHMSA retains discretion whether to grant or maintain authority for Boardwalk Pipelines to operate its natural gas pipeline assets at higher pressures and, in the event that PHMSA should elect not to allow Boardwalk Pipelines to operate at these higher pressures, it could affect its ability to transport all of its contracted quantities of natural gas on these pipeline assets, and Boardwalk Pipelines could incur significant additional costs to reinstate this authority or to develop alternate ways to meet its contractual obligations. PHMSA’s regulations also require transportation pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate certain high-risk areas, known as high consequence areas (“HCAs”) and moderate consequence areas (“MCAs”), along pipelines and take additional safety measures to protect people and property in these areas. The HCAs for natural gas pipelines are predicated on high-population density areas (which, for natural gas transmission lines, include Class 3 and 4 areas and, depending on the potential impacts of a risk event , may include Class 1 and 2 areas) whereas HCAs along Boardwalk Pipelines’ NGLs pipelines are based on high-population density areas, areas near certain drinking water sources and unusually sensitive ecological areas. Legislation has resulted in more stringent mandates for pipeline safety and has charged PHMSA with developing and adopting regulations that impose increased pipeline safety requirements on pipeline operators. In particular, the NGPSA and HLPSA were amended by the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (“2011 Act”), the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016 (“2016 Act”) and, most recently, the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2020 (“2020 Act”), each of which imposed increased pipeline safety obligations on pipeline operators. The 2011 Act increased the penalties for safety violations, established additional safety requirements for newly constructed pipelines and required studies of safety issues that could result in the adoption of new regulatory requirements by PHMSA for existing pipelines. The 2016 Act, among other things, required PHMSA to complete its outstanding mandates under the 2011 Act and develop new safety standards for natural gas storage facilities. The 2020 Act reauthorized PHMSA through fiscal year 2023 and directed the agency to move forward with several regulatory initiatives, including obligating operators of non-rural gas gathering lines and new and existing transmission and distribution pipeline facilities to conduct certain leak detection and repair programs and to require facility inspection and maintenance plans to align with those requirements. As a result of the 2011 Act, the 2016 Act and the 2020 Act, PHMSA has issued a series of significant rulemakings for onshore gas transmission pipelines (e.g., relating to maximum allowable operating pressure (“MAOP”) reconfirmation and exceedance reporting, the integrity assessment of additional pipeline mileage and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management), and hazardous liquid transmission and gathering pipelines (e.g., expanding the reach of certain of PHMSA’s integrity management requirements, requiring the accommodation of in-line inspection tools by 2039 for certain pipelines, increasing annual, accident and safety-related conditional reporting requirements, and expanding the use of leak detection systems beyond HCAs). PHMSA also regulates the minimum safety requirements applicable to natural gas storage facilities, including wells, wellbore tubing and casing. In August 2022, PHMSA published a final rule that attempted to expand the Management of Change process, corrosion control requirements for gas transmission pipelines, requirements that operators ensure no conditions exist following an extreme weather event that could adversely affect the safe operation of the pipeline and repair criteria for non-HCAs. Five safety standards included in that rule were challenged by industry trade groups, and in August 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit struck down four of the five 14 Table of Contents challenged safety standards. These and any future regulations adopted by PHMSA have imposed and may impose more stringent requirements applicable to integrity management programs and other pipeline safety aspects of Boardwalk Pipelines operations, which could cause it to incur increased capital and operating costs and operational delays. The Department of Homeland Security’s Transportation Safety Administration (“TSA”) has issued a series of security directives between 2022 and 2025 applicable to major pipeline owners and operators intended to strengthen the industry’s overall cybersecurity posture in light of the evolving threat landscape and its potential impacts to U.S. critical infrastructure. The security directives require, among other things, that pipeline owners and operators designate a cybersecurity coordinator, establish and implement a Cybersecurity Implementation Plan; develop, maintain and test no less than annually through tabletop exercises a Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan; and establish a Cybersecurity Assessment Plan (“CAP”) including a schedule for assessing and auditing the CAP. The directives also contain requirements for reporting cybersecurity incidents and the results of certain assessments and audits. Boardwalk Pipelines has implemented tools, policies and practices designed to comply with the security directives. Other regulators, such as PHMSA and the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), have also established requirements for reporting certain cybersecurity incidents. Boardwalk Pipelines’ operations are also subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety. Such laws and regulations impose, among other things, restrictions, liabilities and obligations in connection with the generation, handling, use, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of various substances including hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills, releases, discharges and emissions of various substances into the environment. Environmental regulations also require that Boardwalk Pipelines’ facilities, sites and other properties be operated, maintained, abandoned and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Occupational health and safety regulations establish standards protective of workers, both generally and within the pipeline industry. Many state and local governments where Boardwalk Pipelines operates also have, or are developing, similar environmental or occupational health and safety legal requirements governing many of the same types of activities, and those requirements can be more stringent than those adopted under federal laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these federal, state and local laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of corrective or remedial obligations, the incurrence of capital expenditures, the occurrence of delays, denials or cancellations in permitting or the development or expansion of projects and the issuance of orders enjoining performance of some or all of Boardwalk Pipelines’ operations in the affected areas. While the Biden Administration attempted to pursue additional actions to bolster environmental regulations, the Trump Administration has revised or rescinded many of these changes. For example, in January 2023, the White House’s Council on Environmental Quality (“CEQ”) released guidance to assist federal agencies in assessing the GHG emissions and climate change effects of their proposed actions under the National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”). In May 2024, the CEQ published a final rule revising the implementing regulations of the procedural provisions of NEPA and implementing amendments to NEPA included in the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023. However, in November 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit held that the CEQ lacks authority to issue NEPA regulations, and pursuant to an energy-related Executive Order signed by President Trump in January 2025, in February 2025, the CEQ published an interim final rule rescinding its regulations implementing NEPA. Many federal agencies have updated or begun the process of preparing their own new or updated NEPA-implementing rules and procedures. In May 2025, the CEQ withdrew its interim guidance on considering GHG emissions and climate change under NEPA. In September 2025, the CEQ issued updated guidance and an updated template for NEPA implementation procedures to provide clarity to federal agencies and promote consistency in NEPA implementation. Notwithstanding this, the impact of changes to NEPA regulations and procedures remains uncertain. While Boardwalk Pipelines cannot predict the full impact of these continued developments, any legal challenges to NEPA reviews performed in connection with its projects may result in further permitting and approval delays. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. Stricter environmental or worker safety laws, regulations or enforcement policies could significantly increase Boardwalk Pipelines’ operational or compliance costs and compliance with new or more stringent environmental legal requirements could delay or prohibit its ability to obtain permits for operations or require Boardwalk Pipelines to install additional pollution control equipment. For instance, the construction or expansion of pipelines often requires authorizations under the Clean Water Act, which authorizations may be subject to challenge. Boardwalk Pipelines relies on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (“the Corps”) Clean Water Act Section 404 Nationwide Permit (“NWP”) 12, alongside other NWPs, as blanket authority for construction, maintenance, repair and removal of pipelines. The NWP process relies upon the Clean Water Act Section 401 certification process. In September 2023, the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) finalized its Clean Water Act Section 401 Water Quality Certification Improvement Rule, effective in November 2023, which expanded the scope of certification authority. In September 2023, several states challenged the final rule in federal court alleging that the rule exceeds the EPA’s statutory authority under the Clean Water Act, and the litigation has been held in abeyance pending the administration’s review of the rule and litigation. In January 2026, the EPA proposed a rule revising its regulations 15 Table of Contents governing Section 401 Water Quality Certifications. The proposed rule seeks to streamline the permitting process, restrict the ability of state and tribal certifying authorities to reject federal permits, and ensure such reviews are completed within the one-year statutory deadline. A final rule is expected in Spring 2026. However, opponents of the January 2026 proposed rule are pushing back on these efforts, including the EPA’s efforts to narrow the scope of state authority. If NWP 12, or the underlying Section 401 certification process, is further amended or revoked, Boardwalk Pipelines may be required to apply for one or more Individual Permits, which would require additional time and resources to obtain. Additionally, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to the federal government’s jurisdictional reach under the Clean Water Act over “waters of the United States” (“WOTUS”), including wetlands, as the EPA and the Corps have pursued multiple rulemakings under different administrations since 2015 in an attempt to determine the scope of such reach. In September 2023, the EPA issued a version of the WOTUS rule that, due to injunctions in certain states, is currently in effect in only 24 states. Thus, the operative definition of WOTUS varies by state. However, in November 2025, the EPA and the Corps proposed a rule to further update and narrow the September 2023 definition of WOTUS, guided by the Supreme Court’s decision in Sackett v. EPA (adopting the “continuous surface connection” test to determine if wetlands are WOTUS). To the extent any judicial ruling or administrative rulemaking or other action further changes the scope of the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, Boardwalk Pipelines could face increased costs to comply and experience delays with respect to obtaining permits. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. Historically, Boardwalk Pipelines’ environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on its business, but there can be no assurance that future compliance with existing requirements will not materially affect Boardwalk Pipelines, or that the current regulatory standards will not become more onerous in the future, resulting in more significant costs to maintain compliance and increased exposure to significant liabilities. Climate Change: Climate change continues to attract considerable public, governmental and scientific attention. As a result, numerous proposals have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the international, national, regional, state and local levels of government to monitor and limit emissions of GHGs. These efforts have included consideration of cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes and GHG reporting and tracking programs, and regulations that directly limit GHG emissions from certain sources. Due to the nature of Boardwalk Pipelines’ business, its operations emit various types of GHGs. Boardwalk Pipelines seeks to carefully monitor its emissions and expects to incur additional costs to mitigate emissions. New legislation or regulations could increase the costs related to operating and maintaining its facilities. Depending on the particular law, regulation or program, Boardwalk Pipelines could be required to incur capital expenditures for installing new monitoring equipment or emission controls on its facilities, acquire and surrender allowances for GHG emissions, pay taxes or fees related to GHG emissions and/or administer and manage a more comprehensive GHG emissions program. While Boardwalk Pipelines may be able to include some or all of the increased costs in the rates charged by its pipelines, recovery of costs is not certain and would require the FERC’s approval of a rate mechanism designed to recover those costs. Boardwalk Pipelines recognizes that relative to certain other fossil fuels, natural gas has an important role in reducing GHG emissions and may act as a bridge to scaling up renewable energy or other alternative energy sources in the U.S. While Boardwalk Pipelines is seeking to reduce its GHG emissions, it cannot predict all risks that may be associated with climate change or other sustainability matters. For more information, see Boardwalk Pipelines’ risk factor titled “ Boardwalk Pipelines’ operations, and those of Boardwalk Pipelines’ customers, are subject to a series of risks regarding climate change” under Item 1A. Properties: Boardwalk Pipelines is headquartered in leased office space located in Houston, Texas. Boardwalk Pipelines also leases office space in Owensboro, Kentucky. Boardwalk Pipelines’ operating subsidiaries own their respective pipeline systems in fee. However, substantial portions of these systems are constructed and maintained on property owned by others pursuant to rights-of-way, easements, permits, licenses or consents. 16 Table of Contents LOEWS HOTELS HOLDING CORPORATION Loews Hotels Holding Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, “Loews Hotels & Co”) operates a chain of 27 hotels. Eleven of these hotels are owned by Loews Hotels & Co, fifteen are owned by joint ventures in which Loews Hotels & Co has noncontrolling equity interests and one is managed for an unaffiliated owner. Loews Hotels & Co’s earnings are derived from the operation of its owned hotels, its share of earnings in joint venture hotels and hotel management fees earned from its joint venture and managed hotels. Loews Hotels & Co accounted for 5.1% , 5.3% and 5.4% of our consolidated total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. The hotels are described below. Number of Name and Location Rooms Owned: Live! by Loews, Arlington, Texas 300 Loews Arlington Hotel and Convention Center, Arlington, Texas 888 Loews Chicago Hotel, Chicago, Illinois 400 Loews Chicago O’Hare Hotel, Chicago, Illinois 556 Loews Coronado Bay Resort, Coronado, California 440 Loews Kansas City Hotel, Kansas City, Missouri 800 Loews Miami Beach Hotel, Miami Beach, Florida 790 Loews Philadelphia Hotel, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 581 Loews Regency New York Hotel, New York, New York 379 Loews Nashville Hotel at Vanderbilt Plaza, Nashville, Tennessee 339 Loews Ventana Canyon Resort, Tucson, Arizona 398 Joint Venture: Hard Rock Hotel at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 650 Live! by Loews, St. Louis, Missouri 216 Loews Atlanta Hotel, Atlanta, Georgia 414 Loews Coral Gables Hotel, Coral Gables, Florida 242 Loews Hollywood Hotel, Hollywood, California 628 Loews Portofino Bay Hotel at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 750 Loews Royal Pacific Resort at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 1,000 Loews Sapphire Falls Resort at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 1,000 Universal Aventura Hotel, Orlando, Florida 600 Universal Cabana Bay Beach Resort, Orlando, Florida 2,200 Universal Endless Summer Resort – Dockside Inn and Suites, Orlando, Florida 2,050 Universal Endless Summer Resort – Surfside Inn and Suites, Orlando, Florida 750 Universal Helios Grand Hotel, a Loews Hotel, Orlando, Florida 500 Universal Stella Nova Resort, Orlando, Florida 750 Universal Terra Luna Resort, Orlando, Florida 750 Managed: Loews New Orleans Hotel, New Orleans, Louisiana 285 Note: Five owned hotels and eleven joint venture hotels are subject to land leases. 17 Table of Contents Recent Developments and Growth Projects: • In 2025, the management agreement ended for Bisha Hotel and Residences located in Toronto, Canada; • In 2025, Live! by Loews, Arlington and the Loews Ventana Canyon Resort became wholly owned hotel properties, as Loews Hotels & Co acquired the remaining noncontrolling interests in these properties; • In 2025, Universal Stella Nova Resort, a 750 guestroom hotel, Universal Terra Luna Resort, a 750 guestroom hotel, and Universal Helios Grand Hotel, a Loews Hotel, a 500 guestroom hotel, opened at Universal Orlando. As with Loews Hotels & Co’s other properties at Universal Orlando, Loews Hotels & Co serves as manager and has a noncontrolling joint venture equity interest in these hotels; and • In 2026, Loews Hotels & Co expects to begin the replacement of the existing Arlington Sheraton Hotel with the Americana by Loews Hotels in Arlington, Texas. Loews Hotels & Co wholly owns the Arlington Sheraton Hotel but did not manage the hotel as Loews Hotels & Co leased the hotel to an unrelated third party. The new hotel, which Loews Hotels & Co will wholly own and manage, is expected to be completed in 2029, and is planned to be an approximately 500 guestroom hotel with more than 83,000 square feet of total indoor and outdoor function space. Properties: Loews Hotels & Co’s principal executive offices are based in New York City, New York and it has a shared service center outside of Nashville, Tennessee. Loews Hotels & Co leases the office space in both of these locations. ALTIUM PACKAGING LLC Altium Packaging is a packaging solutions provider and manufacturer in North America. The business specializes in customized mid- and short-run packaging solutions, serving a diverse customer base in the pharmaceutical, dairy, household chemicals, food/nutraceuticals, industrial/specialty chemicals, water and beverage/juice industries. Altium Packaging develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of extrusion blow-molded and injection molded plastic containers. In addition, Altium Packaging manufactures commodity and differentiated plastic resins from recycled plastic materials. Altium Packaging sells its products throughout North America and its customers include a diverse customer base of many nationally recognized branded food, beverage, consumer products and pharmaceutical companies. HUMAN CAPITAL Including our consolidated subsidiaries, we employed approximately 13,100 persons at December 31, 2025. CNA employed approximately 6,600 persons. Boardwalk Pipelines employed approximately 1,300 persons, approximately 100 of whom were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Loews Hotels & Co employed approximately 5,100 persons, approximately 860 of whom were covered under collective bargaining agreements. We and our consolidated subsidiaries believe we have satisfactory labor relations. Separately, unconsolidated entities employ approximately 6,700 persons at properties managed by Loews Hotels & Co and approximately 4,000 persons at Altium Packaging. We and our subsidiaries understand that seeking to hire qualified people and cultivate an engaging workplace is critical to our businesses’ long-term strategic success. Each of us has programs in place that are designed to help employees build their knowledge, skills and experience, as well as to guide their career development. We believe that by employing individuals with different backgrounds and experiences, we can better meet the diverse needs of our stakeholders. We and our subsidiaries offer compensation and benefits packages that we believe are appropriate to each of our businesses. These packages may include 401k and other retirement plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off and family assistance programs, including paid family leave. We and CNA also offer stock-based compensation to certain management and other senior personnel as a way to align their interests with shareholders and attract and retain key talent. 18 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS First Became Name Position and Offices Held Age Executive Officer Marc A. Alpert Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 63 2016 David E. Czerniecki Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer 61 2025 Kenneth I. Siegel Senior Vice President 69 2009 Alexander H. Tisch Vice President, Loews Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Loews Hotels & Co 47 2023 Benjamin J. Tisch President and Chief Executive Officer 43 2022 Jane J. Wang Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 44 2022 Both Marc A. Alpert and Kenneth I. Siegel have served in their current roles at Loews Corporation for at least the past five years. Prior to assuming his current role in September of 2025, Mr. Czerniecki served as Chief Investment Officer of Nassau Financial Group for more than five years. Alexander H. Tisch has served as Vice President, Loews Corporation, since 2014. He has also served as President of Loews Hotels & Co from September 2020 until December 2022, and in his current role at Loews Hotels & Co since January 2023. Benjamin J. Tisch served as a Vice President of Loews Corporation from 2014 until May 2022, as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy of Loews Corporation from May 2022 until December 2024 and in his current role since January 2025. Jane J. Wang served as a Vice President of Loews Corporation from 2014 until assuming her current role in May 2022. Benjamin J. Tisch is the son of James S. Tisch, Chairman of our Board, and the cousin of Alexander H. Tisch. Alexander H. Tisch is the nephew of James S. Tisch. None of our other executive officers or directors are related to any other. However, Andrew H. Tisch, a former director and current director emeritus, is the father of Alexander H. Tisch and the brother of James S. Tisch, and Jonathan M. Tisch, a former director and current director emeritus, is the cousin of Andrew H. Tisch and James S. Tisch. Officers are elected annually and hold office until their successors are elected and qualified, and are subject to removal by the Board of Directors. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our website address is www.loews.com. We make available, free of charge, through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Copies of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Audit Committee charter, Compensation Committee charter and Nominating and Governance Committee charter are also available on our website. Information on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report. This Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings are also accessible through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and/or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. We have described below the material risks facing us and our subsidiaries. There may be 19 Table of Contents additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be material that may also materially adversely impact our business or the businesses of one or more of our subsidiaries. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this Report and any subsequent reports we may file with the SEC and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. Our subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP, also file reports with the SEC. You are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the SEC and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities. Risks Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, CNA If CNA determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, CNA may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to CNA’s earnings. CNA maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. Insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. The reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. These factors can be affected by both changes in internal processes and external events. Key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, economic, social and medical inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. Mortality is the relative incidence of death. Morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. There is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as long-term care, workers’ compensation, general liability and professional liability, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. The impact of changes in economic and social inflation, and medical costs are also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. Certain risks and uncertainties associated with CNA’s insurance reserves are outlined in the Insurance Reserves and Critical Accounting Estimates sections of MD&A in Item 7. CNA is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging and potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic, geopolitical and other environmental conditions change. The impact of social inflation continues to be significant, and the trajectory of its future impact remains uncertain. In addition, passage of reviver statutes that extend, or eliminate, the statute of limitations for the reporting of claims, including statutes passed in certain states with respect to sexual molestation and sexual abuse, increase the uncertainty of the frequency of claims, and the impact of social inflation has, and may continue to, increase the severity of these claims. Further, broader economic and geopolitical conditions, including the imposition of significant tariffs by the U.S., as well as any related retaliatory tariffs, may result in considerable increases in certain costs that would increase loss costs. These issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in CNA’s reserves. The effects of unforeseen emerging or potential claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict and may be material. In light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish reserve levels, CNA continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. When CNA’s recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. These charges have been and in the future could be substantial. CNA’s actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies. CNA’s future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies are based on CNA’s best estimate actuarial assumptions, which are assessed quarterly and updated at least annually. Key actuarial assumptions include morbidity, persistency, premium rate actions and expenses. The adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and CNA’s future expectations related to these key assumptions. If actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring CNA to increase reserves. The required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge 20 Table of Contents against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. These charges have been and in the future could be substantial. The reserves are discounted using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of each reporting date. Discount rates are subject to interest rate and market volatility. See the Life & Group Policyholder Reserves portion of the Insurance Reserves section of MD&A in Item 7 for more information. Morbidity and persistency experience can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care. A prolonged period during which investment returns remain at low levels could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting CNA’s obligations under long-term care policies. This risk may be more significant for CNA’s long-term care products when the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. In addition, CNA may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. Any adverse deviation between the level of premium rate actions approved and the level included in CNA’s reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves. Further, and as noted in the previous risk factor, the increasingly adverse impact of social inflation, particularly with respect to legal activity and judicial decisions, may impact CNA’s long-term care portfolio and reserves. CNA is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters. Catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of CNA’s business. Various events can cause catastrophe losses. These events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, droughts, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism. The frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. Exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence, which increases the potential for, and the potential losses due to, a catastrophic cyber event. Catastrophic cyber-attack scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations and cyber-related catastrophic perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. In addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of, and heightened, catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, its associated extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures and its effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, drought, hail and snow. Climate studies by government agencies, academic institutions, catastrophe modeling organizations and other groups indicate that climate change may be altering the frequency and/or severity of catastrophic weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, droughts, fires and floods. The extent of CNA’s losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of CNA’s reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. It can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses to CNA to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectability. Further, significant catastrophic events or a series of catastrophic events have the potential to impose financial stress on the reinsurance industry, which could impact CNA’s ability to collect amounts owed to CNA by reinsurers, thereby resulting in higher net incurred losses. Reinsurance coverage for “unconventional” terrorism events (such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks) is provided only in limited circumstances. CNA’s principal reinsurance protection against these large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (“TRIPRA”) through December 31, 2027. However, such coverage is subject to a mandatory deductible and other limitations. It is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect CNA’s business by increasing its exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering its business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. For a further discussion of TRIPRA, see Part II, Item 7, MD&A - Catastrophes and Related Reinsurance. As a result of the items discussed above, catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate, could cause CNA to exhaust its available reinsurance limits, could lead to large losses and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance. Accordingly, catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. CNA has exposure related to A&EP claims, which could result in material losses. CNA’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to A&EP claims. CNA’s experience has been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to A&EP claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by more traditional property and casualty claims. Additionally, 21 Table of Contents traditional actuarial methods and techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for A&EP. As a result, estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and unreported A&EP claims is subject to a higher degree of variability. On August 31, 2010, CNA completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy A&EP liabilities were ceded to National Indemnity Company (“NICO”), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., subject to an aggregate limit of $4.0 billion (“loss portfolio transfer” or “LPT”). The cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of December 31, 2025 was $3.9 billion. If the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on A&EP claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or CNA determines it has exposures to A&EP claims not covered by the loss portfolio transfer, CNA may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. These charges could be substantial. Additionally, if the A&EP claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, CNA will need to assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for A&EP claims from an affiliate of NICO. Any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce CNA’s earnings. CNA is exposed to, and may face adverse developments related to, mass tort claims that could arise from, among other things, its insureds’ sale or use of potentially harmful products or substances, claims of sexual abuse and molestation against CNA’s insureds and changes to the social and legal environment, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories. CNA faces potential exposure to various types of existing, new and emerging mass tort claims including, those related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances, such as glyphosate, lead paint, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”) and opioids; sexual abuse and molestation claims, claims arising from changes that expand the right to sue, remove limitations on recovery, extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise repeal or weaken tort reforms, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes; and claims related to new and emerging theories of liability, such as those related to global warming and climate change. Evolving judicial interpretations, increased participation by plaintiff’s lawyers in insurance claims, rising litigation activity, higher monetary verdicts, abusive litigation practices, the growth of third-party litigation financing and new legislation regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liability, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, give rise to new and potentially more severe claim activity. For example, CNA has recorded, and may continue to record, increases in its mass tort reserves, driven substantially by abuse reviver statutes that have resulted in increased claims. Similar and continuing mass tort claim activity, including activity based on changing judicial interpretations and recent and proposed legislation could have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. CNA faces intense competition in its industry; it may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business and by the evolving landscape of its distribution network. All aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and CNA must continuously allocate resources to refine and improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. CNA competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than CNA does, for both distributors and customers. This includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with CNA, including as a result of markets continuing to provide them with direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. Insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. The competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants, such as insuretech firms, resulting in increased pressures on CNA’s ability to remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to CNA’s customer base and risk appropriate to CNA. In addition, the property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. CNA may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. As a result, CNA’s premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted. CNA markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of CNA’s competitors, and in certain cases their own products. Any change in CNA’s relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters, including as a result of consolidation or their increased promotion and distribution of CNA’s competitors’ or their own products, could adversely affect CNA’s ability to sell its products. As a result, CNA’s business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 22 Table of Contents CNA’s underwriting strategies currently rely on the effectiveness of reinsurance arrangements and CNA accordingly faces risks relating to reinsurance, including obtaining reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, reinsurance counterparty risk and ineffective reinsurance coverage. A primary reason CNA purchases reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk, thereby facilitating its underwriting strategies in certain key areas. Under CNA’s ceded reinsurance arrangements, a reinsurer assumes a specified portion of its exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. The availability and cost of the reinsurance protection CNA purchases, which affects the volatility and profitability of its business, as well as the level and types of risk CNA retains, is determined by many factors, including general economic conditions and conditions in the reinsurance market, such as the occurrence of significant reinsured events or unexpected adverse trends, including those associated with climate change. If CNA is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, CNA’s risk exposure will not be mitigated to the degree desired or it may forego such increased risk, thereby adversely impacting its underwriting strategies. In addition, use of reinsurance exposes CNA to credit risk of the reinsurers, as the reinsurance arrangements do not relieve it of the liability to the customer. If a reinsurer is unable to meet its financial obligations under a reinsurance arrangement, CNA will remain obligated under the original policies issued to its customers. Furthermore, while CNA uses various risk management methods, including the use of reinsurance, to effectively manage risk, there is the possibility that one or more natural catastrophes and/or terrorism or other events could result in claims substantially exceeding expectations, thereby making the reinsurance strategy significantly less effective. Such reinsurance-related risks could have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect its underwriting strategies in certain lines of business. CNA may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace. Technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and CNA’s ability to react effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. For example, more insurers are utilizing or may begin utilizing “big data” analytics or artificial intelligence (“AI”) to make underwriting or other decisions that impact product design and pricing. If such utilization by CNA’s industry peers is more effective than how it uses its data and information, including through its own use of AI, CNA will be at a competitive disadvantage. There can be no assurance that CNA will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this may have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, agents and brokers, technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. For example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that may adversely impact CNA’s competitive position. CNA’s efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of data and technology, including AI, could adversely impact CNA’s business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources. Further, CNA’s business could be affected as its policyholders adopt AI technologies. Policyholder use of AI could introduce novel exposures that may result in new or increased claims. Widespread adoption of AI could fundamentally disrupt entire industries, which could impact the demand for certain products. CNA may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets. CNA’s investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. Financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tariff policies, tax policies, interest rates, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors. Changes in financial markets, including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond CNA’s control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities. CNA’s investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. The valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of CNA’s investment portfolio that is carried at fair value in the financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur. CNA has significant holdings in fixed maturity investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. A decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed maturity investments, thereby reducing CNA’s net investment income, while an increase in interest rates may reduce the value of its existing fixed maturity investments, which could 23 Table of Contents increase CNA’s net unrealized losses or reduce its net unrealized gains included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (“AOCI”). The value of CNA’s fixed maturity investments is also subject to risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of issuers of the investments CNA holds or in the underlying collateral of the security. In addition, CNA invests a portion of its assets in limited partnerships and common stock which are subject to greater market volatility than its fixed maturity investments. Limited partnership investments generally provide a lower level of liquidity than fixed maturity or equity investments, which may also limit CNA’s ability to withdraw funds from these investments. The timing and amount of income or losses on such investments is inherently variable and can contribute to volatility in reported earnings. Further, CNA holds a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans. CNA is subject to risk related to the recoverability of loan balances, which is influenced by declines in the estimated cash flows from underlying property leases, fair value of collateral, refinancing risk and the creditworthiness of tenants of the underlying properties, where lease payments directly service the loan. Any changes in actual or expected collections would result in a charge to earnings. As a result of these factors, CNA may not earn an adequate return on its investments, may be required to write down the value of its investments and may incur losses on the disposition of its investments, all of which could materially adversely affect CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. CNA uses analytical models to assist its decision making in key areas such as pricing, reserving, catastrophe risks and capital modeling and may be adversely affected if actual results differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses. CNA uses various modeling techniques and data analytics (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with its assets and liabilities. This includes both proprietary and third party modeled outputs and related analyses to assist CNA in decision-making related to underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investing, reinsurance and catastrophe risk, among other things. CNA incorporates numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of policyholder behavior, loss frequency and severity, interest rates, equity markets, inflation, capital requirements, and currency exchange rates, among others. The modeled outputs and related analyses from both proprietary models and third parties are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model design errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis. Further, climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks. In addition, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks, including the improper use of the model, input errors, data errors and human error. As a result, actual results may differ materially from CNA’s modeled results. CNA’s profitability and financial condition substantially depends on the extent to which its actual experience is consistent with the assumptions CNA uses in its models and ultimate model outputs. If, based upon these models or other factors, CNA misprices its products or fails to appropriately estimate the risks it is exposed to, its business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Any significant interruption in the operation of CNA’s business functions, facilities or systems or its vendors’ facilities or systems could result in a materially adverse effect on its operations. CNA’s business is highly dependent upon its ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, through its employees or vendor relationships and using its and its vendors’ facilities and systems, necessary business functions, such as providing internet support and 24-hour call centers, processing new and renewal business, providing customer service, processing and paying claims and other obligations and issuing financial statements. CNA’s, or its vendors’, facilities and systems could become unavailable, inoperable, or otherwise impaired from a variety of causes, including natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, severe winter weather and fires, or other events, such as explosions, terrorist attacks, computer security breaches or cyber attacks, riots, hazardous material releases, medical epidemics or pandemics, utility outages, interruptions of data processing and storage systems or unavailability of communications facilities or systems. Likewise, CNA could experience a significant failure, interruption or corruption of one or more of its vendors’ information technology, telecommunications, or other systems for various reasons, including significant failures or interruptions that might occur as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of CNA’s or its vendors’ systems or facilities for these or any other reasons could significantly impair CNA’s ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. 24 Table of Contents In addition, because CNA and its vendors’ information technology, telecommunications and other systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, CNA could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. If sustained or repeated, such events could result in a deterioration of CNA’s ability to perform necessary business functions. The foregoing risks could expose CNA to monetary and reputational damages. Potential additional exposures relating to significant interruptions to CNA’s operations may include substantially increased compliance costs, as well as increased costs relating to investments in computer system and security-related upgrades, and such costs may not be recoverable under its relevant insurance coverage. CNA has made, and continues to make, investments to improve its security and infrastructure. If CNA’s business continuity plans or system security do not sufficiently address these risks, they could have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Any significant breach in CNA’s data security infrastructure or its vendors’ facilities or systems could disrupt business, cause financial losses and damage its reputation, and insurance coverage may not be available for claims related to a breach. A significant breach of CNA’s data security infrastructure may result from actions by its employees, vendors, third-party administrators, or unknown third parties or through cyber attacks. The risk of a breach can exist whether software services are in CNA’s or third party administered data centers or are cloud-based software services. The sophistication of cybersecurity threats continues to escalate, and the measures CNA takes to mitigate the risk of cyber incidents and to safeguard its systems and data may be insufficient. Further, the increasing use of AI, within CNA’s systems and those of its vendors and third-party administrators to achieve operational efficiencies and within threat actors’ attack strategies, may further expose its systems or those of its vendors and third-party administrators to the risk of cyber-attacks. Breaches have occurred, and may occur again, in CNA’s systems and in the systems of its vendors and third-party administrators, both current and former, in that past vendors and third-party administrators may still retain certain confidential and sensitive information in their systems. During the fourth quarter of 2025, CNA was notified of a data breach impacting a vendor of a business associate of its current employee health insurance administrator. The breach was traced to compromised credentials leveraged by a threat actor, with the impacted vendor shutting down and rebuilding the affected environment upon discovery of the breach. Following a forensics analysis, it was determined that a substantial number of CNA’s employees (and dependents of employees) were impacted. CNA understands that the subject vendor will be providing required breach notifications to all impacted individuals. Breaches that affect CNA’s data security infrastructure or its vendors’ facilities or systems, may cause a failure to protect the personal information of its customers, claimants or employees, or sensitive and confidential information regarding its business or policyholders and may result in operational impairments and financial losses, significant harm to its reputation and the loss of business with existing or potential customers. The breach of confidential information also could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws, as well as evolving regulation in this regard. While CNA does not believe breaches that have occurred and resultant actions will have a material adverse effect on its business, these or similar incidents, or any other breach of CNA’s or its vendors’ data security infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. Although CNA maintains cybersecurity insurance coverage insuring against costs resulting from cyber attacks, CNA does not expect the amount available under its coverage policy to cover all potential losses from cyber-attacks. In addition, potential disputes with its insurers about the availability of insurance coverage could occur. Further, should CNA experience future cyber incidents, or should industry trends drive rate increases resulting from growth in volume and significance of cyber incidents broadly, it may incur higher costs for cybersecurity insurance coverage. The risks relating to future breaches in CNA’s, or its vendors’ data security infrastructure or systems, including in connection with cyber incidents, could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition or may result in significant operational impairments and financial losses, as well as significant harm to CNA’s reputation. 25 Table of Contents Inability to detect and prevent significant employee or third party service provider misconduct, inadvertent errors and omissions, or exposure relating to functions performed on CNA’s behalf could result in a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. CNA may incur losses which arise from employees or third party service providers engaging in intentional, negligent or inadvertent misconduct, fraud, errors and omissions, failure to comply with internal guidelines, including with respect to underwriting authority, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. CNA’s or its third party service providers’ controls may not be able to detect all possible circumstances of such non-compliant activity and the internal structures in place to prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. When new technologies, such as AI, are incorporated into CNA’s or its third-party service providers’ processes, they may introduce additional complexity and present greater risk to the effectiveness of these controls. For example, generative AI systems may “hallucinate” producing inaccurate or misleading information, and model performance may degrade over time, leading to flawed recommendations. AI models may perpetuate or amplify biases present in underlying data, which could result in discriminatory or unfair outcomes in areas such as underwriting and claims. The potential for employees or third-party service providers, through intentional or inadvertent actions, to enable AI models to be trained on CNA’s data or its insureds’ data introduces risks of unauthorized use or disclosure of sensitive information and erosion of data privacy. AI may also be used to perpetuate fraud, or to manipulate or evade monitoring and detection controls. Portions of CNA’s insurance business are underwritten and serviced by third parties. With respect to underwriting, CNA’s contractual arrangements with third parties will typically grant them limited rights to write new and renewal policies, subject to contractual restrictions and obligations, including requiring them to underwrite within the terms of CNA’s licenses. Should these third parties issue policies that exceed these contractual restrictions, CNA could be deemed liable for such policies and subject to regulatory fines and penalties for any breach of licensing requirements. It is possible that in such circumstance CNA might not be fully indemnified for such third parties’ contractual breaches. Additionally, CNA relies on certain third-party claims administrators, including the administrator of its long-term care claims, to handle policyholder services and perform significant claim administration and claim adjudication functions. Any failure by such administrator to properly perform service functions may result in losses as a result of over-payment of claims, legal claims against CNA and adverse regulatory enforcement exposure. CNA has also licensed certain systems from third parties. CNA cannot be certain that it will have access to these systems or that its information technology or application systems will continue to operate as intended. These risks could adversely impact CNA’s reputation and client relationships and have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. CNA is subject to capital adequacy requirements and, if it is unable to maintain or raise sufficient capital to meet these requirements, regulatory agencies may restrict or prohibit CNA from operating its business. Insurance companies such as CNA are subject to capital adequacy standards set by regulators to help identify companies that merit further regulatory attention. In the U.S., these standards apply specified risk factors to various asset, premium and reserve components of CNA’s legal entity statutory basis of accounting financial statements. For IAIGs, such as CNA, the standards also seek to quantify risk across the insurance group in order to assess group capital. Current rules, including those promulgated by insurance regulators and specialized markets such as Lloyd’s, require companies to maintain statutory capital and surplus at a specified minimum level determined using the applicable jurisdiction’s regulatory capital adequacy formula. If CNA does not meet these minimum requirements, CNA may be restricted or prohibited from operating its business in the applicable jurisdictions and specialized markets. If CNA is required to record a material charge against earnings in connection with a change in estimated insurance reserves, or the occurrence of a catastrophic event or otherwise, or if it incurs significant losses related to its investment portfolio, which severely deteriorates its capital position, CNA may violate these minimum capital adequacy requirements unless it is able to raise sufficient additional capital. CNA may be limited in its ability to raise significant amounts of capital on favorable terms or at all. CNA’s insurance subsidiaries, upon whom CNA depends for dividends in order to fund its corporate obligations, are limited by insurance regulators in their ability to pay dividends. CNA is a holding company and is dependent upon dividends, loans and other sources of cash from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations. Ordinary dividend payments or dividends that do not require prior approval by the insurance subsidiaries’ domiciliary insurance regulator are generally limited to amounts determined by formulas that vary by jurisdiction. If CNA is restricted from paying or receiving intercompany dividends, by regulatory rule or otherwise, CNA may not be able to fund its corporate obligations and debt service requirements or pay stockholder dividends from available 26 Table of Contents cash. As a result, CNA would need to pursue other sources of capital which may be more expensive or may not be available at all. Rating agencies may downgrade their ratings of CNA, adversely affecting its ability to write insurance at competitive rates or at all and increasing its cost of capital. Ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. CNA’s insurance company subsidiaries, as well as CNA’s public debt, are rated by rating agencies, including, A.M. Best Company (“A.M. Best”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”). Ratings reflect the rating agency’s opinions of an insurance company’s or insurance holding company’s financial strength, capital adequacy, enterprise risk management practices, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders and debt holders, and may also reflect opinions on other areas such as information security and climate risk. The rating agencies may take action to lower CNA’s ratings in the future as a result of any significant financial loss or changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. The severity of the impact on CNA’s business is dependent on the level of downgrade and, for certain products, which rating agency takes the rating action. Among the adverse effects in the event of such downgrades would be the inability to obtain a material volume of business from certain major insurance brokers, the inability to sell a material volume of CNA’s insurance products to certain markets and the required collateralization of certain future payment obligations or reserves. Further, if one or more of CNA’s corporate debt ratings were downgraded, CNA may find it more difficult to access the capital markets and may incur higher borrowing costs. In addition, it is possible that a significant lowering of our corporate debt ratings by certain of the rating agencies could result in an adverse effect on CNA’s ratings, independent of any change in CNA’s circumstances. For further discussion of CNA’s ratings, see the Subsidiaries portion of the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of MD&A in Item 7. CNA is subject to extensive existing state, local, federal and foreign governmental regulations that restrict its ability to do business and generate revenues; additional regulation or significant modification to existing regulations or failure to comply with regulatory requirements may have a materially adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. The insurance industry is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulation and supervision. Most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of CNA’s policyholders and third-party claimants rather than its investors. Each jurisdiction in which CNA does business has established supervisory agencies that regulate the manner in which CNA