 In your evaluation of our company and business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with information disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II of this Annual Report, and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed, and our stock price could decline. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as our ability to collect receivables, overall U.S. and global economic and industry conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest, exchange rates and inflation, terrorism, international conflicts, major health concerns, climate change or other disruptions of expected economic and business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may materially harm our business, financial condition or operating results. In that event, the trading price of our stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS This risk factor summary contains a high-level summary of risks associated with our business. It does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read this risk factor summary together with the more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties set forth following this summary. A summary of our risks includes, but is not limited to, the following: u We depend on government agencies as our primary customers and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected. u A decline in the U.S. government budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. u Because we depend on U.S. government contracts, a delay in the completion of the U.S. government’s budget and appropriations process could delay procurement of the products, services and solutions we provide and adversely affect our future revenues. u Due to the competitive process to obtain contracts and the likelihood of bid protests, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. u The U.S. government may terminate, cancel, modify, renew on less favorable terms or curtail our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if we do not replace them, this may adversely affect our future revenues and profitability. u We face intense competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts and therefore affect our future revenues and growth prospects. u Deterioration of economic conditions or weakening in credit or capital markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. u We cannot predict the consequences of current or future geopolitical events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate and our results of operations. u Global supply chain issues and inflationary pressures have disrupted supply and increased the prices of goods and services, which could raise the costs associated with providing our services, diminish our ability to compete for new contracts or task orders and reduce customer buying power. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 13 Table of Contents PART I u Our failure to comply with various complex procurement rules and regulations could result in us being liable for penalties, including termination of our U.S. government contracts, disqualification from bidding on future U.S. government contracts and suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting. u The U.S. government may adopt new contract rules and regulations or revise its procurement practices in a manner adverse to us at any time. u Application of the U.S. government's organizational conflict of interest (OCI) rules could limit our ability to successfully compete for new contracts or task orders, which would adversely affect our results of operations. u As a U.S. government contractor, our partners and we are subject to reviews, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. government, which could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects if resolved unfavorably to us. u Our business is subject to governmental review and investigation, which could adversely affect our financial position, operating results and growth prospects. u Investigations, audits, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings could require us to pay potentially large damage awards or penalties and could be costly to defend, which would adversely affect our cash balances and profitability, and could damage our reputation. u Our business and operations expose us to numerous legal and regulatory requirements, and any violation of these requirements could harm our business. u Our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and security which could subject us to investigations, claims or monetary penalties against us, require us to change our business practices or otherwise adversely affect our revenues and profitability. u Misconduct of employees, subcontractors, agents, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures and others working on our behalf could cause us to lose existing contracts or customers and adversely affect our ability to obtain new contracts and could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation and future results. u A failure to attract, retain, and develop talent with critical skills, including our leadership team, would adversely affect our ability to execute our strategy and may disrupt our operations. u We may not realize the full amounts reflected in our backlog as revenues, which could adversely affect our expected future revenues and growth prospects. u Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our contracts and may be adversely affected by our failure to estimate and manage costs, time and resources accurately. u We use estimates in recognizing revenues, and if we make changes to estimates used in recognizing revenues, our profitability may be adversely affected. u Cybersecurity breaches and other information security incidents could negatively impact our business and financial results, impair our ability to effectively provide our services to our customers and cause harm to our reputation or competitive position. u Internal system or service failures, or failures in the systems or services of third parties on which we rely, could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide our services and products to our customers, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. u Customer systems failures could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. u Our success depends, in part, on our ability to work with complex and rapidly changing technologies to meet the needs of our customers. u We utilize artificial intelligence, which could expose us to liability or adversely affect our business, especially if we are unable to compete effectively with others in adopting artificial intelligence. u We have classified contracts with the U.S. government, which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. u We have made and continue to make acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and divestitures that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. u Joint ventures, other strategic alliances, and strategic business transactions may not achieve intended results. We may experience operational challenges in integrating or segregating assets for such a venture or transaction. 14 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I u Goodwill represents a significant asset on our balance sheet and any impairment of this asset could negatively impact our results of operations, and shareholders’ equity. u We depend on our teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or the customer, our revenues, profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected. u We could incur significant liabilities and suffer negative publicity if our inspection or detection systems fail to detect bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. u We face risks associated with our international business. u Changes in tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial results. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 15 Table of Contents PART I INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC RISKS We depend on government agencies as our primary customers and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected. Our revenues from contracts with the U.S. government (including all branches of the U.S. military), either as a prime contractor or a subcontractor to other contractors engaged in work for the U.S. government, generated approximately 87% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023. We expect to continue to derive most of our revenues from work performed under U.S. government contracts. Our reputation and relationships with the U.S. government, particularly with the agencies of the DoW and the U.S. Intelligence Community, are key factors in maintaining and growing our revenues, and enable us to provide informal input and advice to government entities and agencies prior to the development of a formal bid. In addition, negative publicity, including sustained or recurring media coverage, social media commentary, or other public communications that criticize our business practices, the nature of our products or services, or the defense industry more broadly, regardless of accuracy or completeness, and which could pertain to employee or subcontractor misconduct, conflicts of interest, poor contract performance, deficiencies in investment, prioritization, and production, deficiencies in services, reports, products or other deliverables, security breaches or other security incidents or other aspects of our business, could harm our reputation with these agencies and with certain non-U.S. customers. Due to the sensitive nature of our work and our confidentiality obligations to our customers, and despite our ongoing efforts to provide transparency, we may be unable to or limited in our ability to respond to such negative publicity, which could also harm our reputation and our business. If our reputation is negatively affected or if we are unable to successfully maintain our relationships with government entities and agencies, certain customers could cease to do business with us and our ability to bid successfully for new business may be adversely affected, which could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. In addition, our ability to hire or retain employees and our standing in professional communities, to which we contribute and receive expert knowledge, could be diminished. If any of the foregoing occurs, the amount of business with the U.S. government and other customers could decrease, and our business, future revenues, financial condition, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. A decline in the U.S. government budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. Revenues under contracts with the DoW and U.S. Intelligence Community, either as a prime contractor or subcontractor to other contractors, represented approximately 49% of our total revenues for fiscal 2025 and 2023, and 48% of our total revenues for fiscal 2024. U.S. government and DoW spending levels are difficult to predict and subject to significant risk. Laws and plans adopted by the U.S. government relating to, along with pressures on and uncertainty surrounding the U.S. federal budget, potential changes in budgetary priorities, including initiatives aimed at improving governmental efficiency, and defense spending levels, the appropriations process and the permissible federal debt limit, could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the U.S. Presidential Administration and Congress and what challenges potential budget reductions will present for us and our industry generally. In particular, the federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have a significant impact on defense spending broadly and our programs in particular. The budget environment, including budget caps mandated by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the “BCA”) for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, which were reinstituted with established budget caps for 2024 and 2025 under The Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023, and uncertainty surrounding the debt ceiling and the appropriations process, remain significant short and long-term risks for the Company. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the current administration and Congress, what challenges budget reductions (required by the BCA and otherwise) will present for the defense industry and whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will be enacted in a timely manner. Current U.S. government spending levels for defense-related or other programs may not be sustained. Future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas where we do not provide services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities may occur as a result of uncertainty surrounding the federal budget and the federal government’s ability to meet its debt obligations, changes in the priorities of the U.S. Presidential Administration, increasing political pressure and legislation, shifts in spending priorities from defense-related or other programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds, the number and intensity of military conflicts or other factors. For example, the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East have resulted in increased security assistance to each of Ukraine and Israel to help preserve their territorial integrity, secure their borders, and with respect to the Russia/Ukraine conflict, improve interoperability with NATO. Changes in the priorities 16 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I of the U.S. Presidential Administration in respect thereto could have an adverse impact on our results. In addition, if government funding relating to our contracts with the U.S. government or DoW becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, or planned orders are reduced, our contracts or subcontracts under such programs may be terminated or adjusted by the U.S. government or the prime contractor. Our operating results could also be adversely affected by spending caps or changes in the U.S. government or the DoW’s budgetary priorities, as well as delays in program starts or the award of contracts or task orders under contracts. The U.S. government also conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift DoW or other budgetary priorities, reduce overall U.S. government spending, or delay contract or task order awards for defense-related or other programs from which we would otherwise expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues. In addition, changes to the federal or DoW acquisition system and contracting models could affect whether and how we pursue certain opportunities and the terms under which we are able to do so. A significant decline in overall U.S. government spending, including in the areas of national security, intelligence, homeland security, and health and civilian services, a significant shift in its spending priorities, the substantial reduction or elimination of particular defense-related programs or significant delays in contract or task order awards for large programs could adversely affect our future revenues and results of operations and limit our growth prospects. In addition, our ability to grow in advanced technology areas, such as hypersonics programs, space systems, maritime and undersea systems, and classified programs, will also be affected by the overall budget environment, whether development programs transition to production and the timing of such transition, all of which are dependent on U.S. Government authorization and funding. Because we depend on U.S. government contracts, a delay in the completion of the U.S. government’s budget and appropriations process could delay procurement of the products, services, and solutions we provide and adversely affect our future revenues. The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to an annual congressional budget authorization and appropriations process. In years when the U.S. government does not complete its appropriations before the beginning of the new fiscal year on October 1, government operations are typically funded pursuant to a “continuing resolution,” which allows federal government agencies to operate at spending levels approved in the previous appropriations cycle but does not authorize new spending initiatives. To the extent the U.S. Congress is unable to approve the annual federal budget before the expiration of a continuing resolution, funding for new projects may not be available and funding on contracts we are already performing may be delayed. If Congressional efforts to approve such funding fail, and Congress is unable to craft a long-term agreement on the U.S. government’s ability to incur indebtedness in excess of its current limits, the U.S. government may not be able to fulfill its current funding obligations and there could be significant disruption to all discretionary programs, which would have corresponding impacts on us and our industry. The use of a continuing resolution at prior-year funding levels may limit new contract starts, cancellation of planned new initiatives, constrain production rate increases, delay awards or extensions, and introduce funding uncertainty that could affect bidding, scheduling and profitability. In addition, a failure to complete the budget process and fund government operations pursuant to a continuing resolution may result in a U.S. government shutdown, which could result in us incurring substantial costs without reimbursement under our contracts. If a prolonged government shutdown were to occur, it could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the U.S. government’s ability to effectively progress programs and to make timely payments, and our ability to perform on our U.S. government contracts and successfully compete for new work. The delay or cancellation of key programs or the delay of contract payments may have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. In addition, when supplemental appropriations are required to operate the U.S. government or fund specific programs and the passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental appropriation bill is delayed, the overall funding environment for our business could be adversely affected. We continuously review our operations in an attempt to identify programs potentially at risk from continuing resolutions or failure by the U.S. government to complete its appropriations process so that we can consider appropriate contingency plans. From time to time, we have experienced a decline in revenues in our fourth quarter as a result of this annual appropriations cycle, and we could experience similar declines in revenues from future delays in the appropriations process. When the U.S. government fails to complete its appropriations process or provide for a continuing resolution, a full or partial federal government shutdown may result. A federal government shutdown could, in turn, result in our incurrence of substantial labor or other costs without reimbursement under customer contracts, the delay or cancellation of key programs, or the delay, or cancellation of contract payments, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results of operations. Congress appropriates funds on an annual fiscal year basis for many programs, even though the program performance period may extend over several years. Consequently, programs are often partially funded initially, and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. If we incur costs in excess of funds obligated Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 17 Table of Contents PART I on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless or until additional funds are obligated to the contract. In addition, if and when supplemental appropriations are required to operate the U.S. government or fund specific programs and passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental appropriations bill is delayed, the overall funding environment for our business could be adversely affected. Due to the competitive process to obtain contracts and the likelihood of bid protests, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. We expect that a majority of the business that we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through a competitive bidding process. The U.S. government has increasingly relied on contracts that are subject to a continuing competitive bidding process, including GSA Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. The competitive bidding process involves substantial costs, including labor cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, may be split among competitors, or that may be awarded but for which we do not receive meaningful task orders, and several risks, including the risk of inaccurately estimating the resources and costs that will be required to fulfill any contract we win. Following contract award, we may encounter significant expense, delay, contract modifications, or even cancellation of the contract award as a result of our competitors protesting the award of contracts to us. Any resulting loss or delay of start-up and funding of work under protested contract awards may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. In addition, multiple-award contracts require that we make sustained post-award efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. As a result, we may not be able to obtain these task orders or recognize revenues under these multiple-award contracts. We are also experiencing increased competition, which impacts our ability to obtain contracts; see the risk factor “We face intense competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts and, therefore, affect our future revenues and growth prospects.” Our failure to compete effectively in this procurement environment would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The U.S. government may terminate, cancel, modify, renew on less favorable terms or curtail our contracts at any time prior to their completion, and if we do not replace them, this may adversely affect our future revenues and profitability. Many of the U.S. government programs in which we participate as a contractor or subcontractor extend for several years and include one or more base years and one or more option years. These programs are typically funded on an annual basis. Under our contracts, the U.S. government generally has the right not to exercise options to extend or expand our contracts and may otherwise terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our contracts at its convenience. Any decisions by the U.S. government to not exercise contract options or to terminate, cancel, modify, renew on less favorable terms or curtail our major programs or contracts would adversely affect our revenues, revenue growth and profitability. For example, as a result of the executive order titled "Prioritizing the Warfighter in Defense Contracting,” future contracts (including renewals) are expected to include provisions restricting stock buybacks and dividends during any period of underperformance, and restricting executive incentive compensation in a manner that is contingent on certain specified criteria, including on-time delivery of projects, increased production, and the facilitation of certain domestic investments and operating improvements. In addition, we have experienced performance issues under certain of our contracts. Some of our contracts involve developing complex systems and products to achieve challenging customer goals in a competitive procurement environment. As a result, we sometimes experience technological, schedule or other performance difficulties, which have in the past and may in the future result in delays, cost overruns and failures in our performance of these contracts. If a government customer terminates a contract for default, we may be exposed to liability, including for excess costs incurred by the customer in procuring undelivered services and products from another source. In addition, if the Secretary of War were to determine that any such delays, cost overruns or failures in our performance constitutes underperformance on our contract, we would be required to submit a remediation plan approved by our board within 15 days of such determination, and if such plan is determined to be insufficient or we are not otherwise able to remediate any such underperformance we could be subject to remedies from the Secretary of War including certain enforcement actions. Depending on the nature and value of the contract, a performance issue or termination for default could cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated and could harm our reputation. We face intense competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts and, therefore, affect our future revenues and growth prospects. Our business is highly competitive, and we compete with larger companies with greater name recognition, financial resources, and a larger technical staff. We also compete with smaller, more specialized companies that can concentrate their resources on particular areas. Additionally, we compete with the U.S. government’s own capabilities and federal non-profit contract research centers. For example, some customers, including the DoW, are turning to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for some products and services, and may utilize small business contractors or source 18 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I work internally rather than hiring a contractor. The markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing customer needs and technology and our success depends on our ability to invest in and develop products and services that address such needs. To remain competitive, we must consistently provide high value differentiated solutions to our customers that incorporate technology, superior service, and performance to our customers on a cost-effective basis while understanding customer priorities and maintaining customer relationships. Our competitors may be able to provide our customers with different or greater capabilities or technologies or better contract terms than we can provide, including technical qualifications, past contract experience, geographic presence, price and the availability of qualified professional personnel, or be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts. Some of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses or establish teaming or other agreements among themselves or third parties, which could allow them to offer more competitive and comprehensive solutions. As a result of such acquisitions or arrangements, our current or potential competitors may be able to accelerate the adoption of new technologies that better address customer needs, devote more significant resources to bring these products and services to market, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do or limit our access to certain suppliers. These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in fewer orders, reduced revenue and margins, and loss of market share. Further industry consolidation may also impact customers’ perceptions of the viability of smaller or even mid-size software firms and, consequently, customers’ willingness to purchase from such firms. Deterioration of economic conditions or weakening in credit or capital markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Volatile, negative, or uncertain economic conditions, an increase in the likelihood of a recession, or concerns about these or other similar risks may negatively impact our customers’ ability and willingness to fund their projects. For example, declines in state and local tax revenues, as well as other economic declines, may result in lower government spending. Our customers reducing, postponing, or canceling spending on projects in respect of which we provide services may reduce demand for our services quickly and with little warning, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Moreover, instability in the credit or capital markets in the U.S. and related market-wide reduction in liquidity, or concerns or rumors about events of these kinds or similar risks, could affect the availability of credit or our credit ratings, making it relatively difficult or expensive to obtain additional capital at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts, or at all, thus making it more difficult or expensive for us to access funds or refinance our existing indebtedness, or obtain financing for strategic projects and acquisitions. Such instability could also cause counterparties, including vendors, suppliers, and subcontractors, to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them. In addition, instability in the credit or capital markets could negatively impact our customers’ ability to fund their projects and, therefore, utilize our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We cannot predict the consequences of current or future geopolitical events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate and our results of operations. Ongoing instability and current conflicts in global markets, including in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Asia, and the potential for other conflicts and future terrorist activities and other recent geopolitical events throughout the world, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, which continues to expand, and increased tensions in Asia, have created and may continue to create economic and political uncertainties and impacts that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and profitability. These types of matters cause uncertainty in financial markets and may significantly increase the political, economic and social instability in the geographic areas in which we operate. In addition, in connection with the current status of international relations with Russia, particularly in light of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. government has imposed enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. The governments of other jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the European Union and Canada, may also implement sanctions or other restrictive measures. These potential sanctions and export controls, as well as any responses from Russia, could adversely affect us and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 19 Table of Contents PART I Global supply chain issues and inflationary pressures have disrupted supply and increased the prices of goods and services, which could raise the costs associated with providing our services, diminish our ability to compete for new contracts or task orders and reduce customer buying power. For a variety of reasons, the global economy in which we operate has faced, and may continue to face, heightened inflationary pressure, impacting the cost of doing business in both supply and labor markets. Although inflation has moderated somewhat in 2025, these inflationary pressures have been and could continue to be exacerbated by geopolitical turmoil and economic policy actions. We generate revenue through various fixed-price and multi-year government contracts, our primary customer being the U.S. government, which has traditionally been viewed as less affected by inflationary pressures. However, our approach to include modest annual price escalations in our bids for multi-year work may be insufficient to account for and mitigate inflationary cost pressures, which may result in cost overruns on contracts. This could result in reduced profits or even losses if inflation increases, particularly for fixed-priced contracts and our longer-term multi-year contracts as contractual prices become less favorable to us over time. In the competitive environment in which we operate as a government contractor, the lack of pricing leverage and power to renegotiate long-term, multi-year contracts, coupled with reduced customer buying power as a result of inflation, could reduce our profits, disrupt our business or otherwise materially adversely affect our results of operations. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS Our failure to comply with various complex procurement rules and regulations could result in us being liable for penalties, including termination of our U.S. government contracts, disqualification from bidding on future U.S. government contracts and suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting. We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts, which affect how we do business with our customers. Such laws and regulations may impose added costs on our business and our failure to comply with them may lead to civil or criminal penalties, termination of our U.S. government contracts, or suspension or debarment from contracting with federal agencies. For additional background on the regulations that apply to our business and the related compliance risks, see “Regulation” within Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the risk factor “Our business is subject to governmental review and investigation, which could adversely affect our financial position, operating results and growth prospects.” Government contract laws and regulations can impose terms or obligations that are different than those typically found in commercial transactions. One of the significant differences is that the U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts, not only for default based on our performance but also at its convenience. Generally, prime contractors have a similar right under subcontracts related to government contracts. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we typically would be entitled to receive payments for our allowable costs incurred and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed, but we would receive no payment or other consideration for the loss of revenue or profit associated with the future work that was cancelled. If a contract is terminated for default, the U.S. Government could seek the return of any amounts previously paid to us under the contract and also seek to recover from us any added costs for having another contractor complete the work, exposing us to liability and adversely affecting our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, notwithstanding the fact that our performance and the quality of the products or services we delivered were consistent with our contractual obligations as a subcontractor. Similarly, the U.S. Government could indirectly terminate a program or contract by not funding it, or by reducing the amount of funding previously obligated to the program or contract. The decision to terminate programs or contracts for convenience or default could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. In addition, proposed comprehensive reforms to the Federal Acquisition Regulations, including those contemplated under Executive Order 14275, “Restoring Common Sense to Federal Procurement,” issued on April 15, 2025, could create uncertainty in our contracting environment and impact our business. These reforms may result in changes to procurement processes, evaluation criteria, cost allowability, compliance obligations, or reporting requirements that could increase our administrative burden and operating costs. Transition period or inconsistencies in the implementation of new rules may delay contract awards, complicate bid strategies, or require modifications to existing contracting practices. In addition, to the extent the proposed reforms ultimately expand the ability of commercial firms to compete for defense and other federal contracts, we may face heightened competition from new market entrants with different cost structures, procurement models, or technological approach, which could pressure our pricing, reduce our win rates, or erode our market share. If we are unable to adapt efficiently to revised federal procurement requirements, our competitiveness, performance under existing contracts, and financial results could be adversely affected. The Company continues to evaluate the potential impact for any proposed or contemplated reforms. 20 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I The U.S. government may adopt new contract rules and regulations or revise its procurement practices in a manner adverse to us at any time. Our industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, and recovery of costs, among other items. From time to time, new laws and regulations are enacted, and government agencies adopt new interpretations and enforcement priorities relative to laws and regulations already in effect. U.S. government agencies may face restrictions or pressure regarding the type and amount of services that they may obtain from private contractors. Legislation, regulations and initiatives dealing with procurement reform, mitigation of potential conflicts of interest and environmental responsibility or sustainability as well as any resulting shifts in the buying practices of U.S. government agencies (such as increased usage of fixed-price contracts, multiple-award contracts and small business set-aside contracts) could have adverse effects on government contractors, including us. Any of these changes could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or renew our existing contracts when customers recompete those contracts. Any new contracting requirements or procurement methods could be costly or administratively difficult to implement and could adversely affect our future revenues, profitability, and prospects. Additionally, the DoW and other customers are increasingly pursuing rapid acquisition pathways and procedures for new technologies, including through so-called “other transaction authority” agreements ("OTAs"). OTAs are exempt from many traditional procurement laws, including the FAR, and an OTA award may be subject, in certain cases, to the condition that a significant portion of the work under the OTA is performed by a non-traditional defense contractor or that a portion of the cost of the prototype project is funded by non-governmental sources. If we cannot successfully adapt to our customers’ rapid acquisition processes, then we may lose strategic new business opportunities in high-growth areas, and our future performance and results could be adversely affected. Application of the U.S. government's organizational conflict of interest (OCI) rules could limit our ability to successfully compete for new contracts or task orders, which would adversely affect our results of operations. The U.S. government has adopted rules and practices that are designed to avoid or mitigate organizational conflicts of interest ("OCIs"). OCIs may arise from circumstances in which a contractor has: u impaired objectivity during performance; u unequal access to non-public information; or u the ability to set the “ground rules” for another procurement for which the contractor intends to compete. U.S. federal contacting rules require that government contracting officers identify, analyze and address potential OCIs for each acquisition they conduct. The rules specify a number of methods contracting officers may use to address OCIs, and each contracting officer has significant discretion in deciding whether an OCI exists, and if so, how it should be addressed. As a result, it may be difficult for us to predict whether a given contracting opportunity will be found to pose an actual or potential OCI, whether such an OCI will be determined to be disqualifying, and if not disqualifying what steps we would be required to take in order to be found eligible to compete for and perform the work. Similarly, OCIs remain an active area of bid protest litigation, increasing the likelihood that competitors may leverage such arguments in an attempt to overturn agency award decisions. To the extent that the U.S. government's OCI laws, regulations, and rules or interpretations thereof limit our ability to successfully compete for new contracts or task orders with the U.S. government, either because of OCI issues arising from our business, or because companies with which we are affiliated, or with which we otherwise conduct business, create OCI interest issues for us, our financial metrics and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. As a U.S. government contractor, our partners and we are subject to reviews, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. government, which could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects if resolved unfavorably to us. U.S. government contractors (including their subcontractors and others with whom they do business) operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. government and its agencies, including the DCAA, DCMA, the DoW Inspector General, and others. These agencies review a contractor’s performance on government contracts, cost structure, indirect rates and pricing practices, compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations, terms, and standards, and the adequacy of our systems and processes in meeting government requirements. They also review the adequacy of the contractor’s compliance with government standards for its business systems, including a contractor’s accounting system, earned value management system, estimating system, materials management and accounting system, property management system, and purchasing system. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 21 Table of Contents PART I As a result of increased scrutiny on contractors and U.S. government agencies, audits and reviews are conducted rigorously and the applicable standards are strictly interpreted, increasing the likelihood of an audit or review resulting in an adverse outcome. A finding of material weakness in our business system audits or other reviews can result in the suspension of payments or lower billing rates to our U.S. government customers until the material weakness is corrected and the DCMA accepts our remediations. Government audits and reviews may conclude that our practices are not consistent with applicable laws and regulations and result in adjustments to contract costs and mandatory customer refunds. Such adjustments can be applied retroactively, which could result in significant customer refunds. Our receipt of adverse audit findings or the failure to obtain an “approved” determination of our various business systems from the responsible U.S. government agency could significantly and adversely affect our business, including our ability to bid on new contracts and our competitive position in the bidding process. A determination of noncompliance could also result in the U.S. government imposing penalties and sanctions against us, including reductions of the value of contracts, contract modifications reflecting less favorable terms or termination, withholding of payments, the loss of export/import privileges, administrative or civil judgments and liabilities, criminal judgments or convictions, liabilities and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements, other sanctions, the assessment of penalties, fines or compensatory, treble or other damages or non-monetary relief or actions, suspension or debarment, suspension of payments and increased government scrutiny that could negatively impact our reputation, delay or adversely affect our ability to invoice and receive timely payment on contracts, perform contracts or compete for contracts with the U.S. government. As of January 2, 2026, indirect cost audits by the DCAA remain open for fiscal 2023 and subsequent fiscal years. Although we have recorded contract revenues based upon our estimate of costs that we believe will be approved upon final audit or review, we cannot predict the outcome of any ongoing or future audits or reviews and adjustments and, if future adjustments exceed our estimates, our profitability may be adversely affected. Our business is subject to governmental review and investigation, which could adversely affect our financial position, operating results and growth prospects. We are routinely subject to governmental investigations relating to compliance with various laws and regulations with respect to our role as a contractor to federal, state and local government customers and in connection with performing services in countries outside the United States. If a review or investigation identifies improper or unlawful activities, we may be subject to disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, litigation, civil or criminal penalties, exclusion from sales channels or sales opportunities, injunctions, or administrative sanctions, including the termination of contracts, the triggering of price reduction clauses, suspension of payments, suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental agencies or other consequences. We may suffer harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety are made against us, which would impair our ability to win new contract awards or receive contract renewals. Penalties and sanctions are not uncommon in our industry. If we incur a material penalty or administrative sanction or otherwise suffer harm to our reputation, our revenues, profitability, cash position and future prospects could be adversely affected. More generally, increases in scrutiny and investigations into business practices and major programs supported by contractors from government organizations, legislative bodies, or agencies may lead to increased legal costs and may harm our reputation, revenues, profitability and growth prospects. For a description of our current legal proceedings, see “