 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. We believe these are the principal material risks currently facing our business; however, additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks or those disclosed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Business and Operational Risks We May Not be Able to Compete Favorably in the Competitive HVACR Business. Substantially all of the markets in which we operate are competitive. The most significant competitive factors we face are product availability, product reliability, energy efficiency, product performance, service, and price, with the relative importance of these factors varying among our product lines. Other factors that affect competition in the HVACR market include the development and application of new technologies, reputation of our company and brands, global supply chain constraints, and new product introductions. In some of the markets in which we compete, such as parts and supplies, distribution, and service of commercial heating and cooling equipment, barriers to entry are lower, which has led to highly competitive markets consisting of various-sized entities, ranging from small or local operators to large regional businesses. We may not be able to adapt to market changes as quickly or effectively as our current and future competitors. Also, the establishment of manufacturing operations in low-cost countries could provide cost advantages to existing and emerging competitors. Some of our competitors may have greater financial resources than we have, allowing them to invest in more extensive research and development and/or marketing activity and making them better able to withstand adverse HVACR market conditions. Current and future competitive pressures may cause us to reduce our prices or lose market share, or could negatively affect our cash flow, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Negative media reports about us or our businesses, 8 whether accurate or inaccurate, could damage our reputation and relationships with our customers and suppliers, cause customers and suppliers to terminate their relationship with us, or impair our ability to effectively compete, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If We Cannot Successfully Develop and Market New Products or Execute Our Business Strategy, Our Results of Operations Could be Adversely Impacted. Our future success depends on our continued investment in research and new product development as well as our ability to commercialize new HVACR technological advances in domestic and global markets. The integration of any such new products or technologies into our business may also require the development of new processes and the expenditure of significant financial and operational resources. If we are unable to continue to timely and successfully develop and market new products, achieve technological advances, or extend our business model and technological advances into new markets, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Lennox operates a direct-to-dealer network, meaning we manufacture products and sell them directly to select, independent home service companies. We rely on our direct sales channel for a substantial portion of our revenue. Our direct-to-dealer network also creates a large installed base of HVACR equipment, and creates opportunities for longer term service, monitoring, solutions, and retrofit revenue. If we are unable to continue to execute our strategy, whether due to changes in economic conditions, a failure to anticipate changing customer needs, entry of new competitors into the low-barrier distribution business, or for any other reason, our revenue could decline, which could in turn adversely impact our product pull-through and our ability to grow revenue. To remain competitive, we are engaged in various manufacturing rationalization actions designed to achieve our strategic priorities of manufacturing, sourcing, and distribution excellence and of lowering our cost structure. For example, we are continuing to reorganize our North American distribution network in order to better serve our customers’ needs by deploying parts and equipment inventory closer to them. In such case, our results of operations and profitability may be negatively impacted, making us less competitive and potentially causing us to lose market share. Our Ability to Meet Customer Demand and Maintain Profitability may be Limited by Our Single-Location Production Facilities, Reliance on Certain Key Suppliers, and Unanticipated Significant Shifts in Customer Demand. We manufacture many of our products at single-location production facilities. In certain instances, we heavily rely on suppliers who also may concentrate production in single locations or source unique, necessary products from only one supplier. As a result, any significant interruptions in production at one or more of our facilities or at a facility of one of our key suppliers, any failure to maintain favorable relationships with our suppliers, or any termination of a key supplier relationship, could negatively impact our profitability and ability to deliver our products to our customers. Further, even with all of our facilities running at full production, we could potentially be unable to fully meet demand during an unanticipated period of exceptionally high demand. This inability to fully meet demand would be exacerbated if a single-location production facility is disrupted due to external factors including, but not limited to, a climate-related disaster, pandemic or epidemic, geopolitical instability, or war. Our inability to meet our customers’ demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Conversely, reduced demand for our products and services could unfavorably impact our absorption of fixed costs. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our Results of Operations May Suffer if We Cannot Continue to License or Enforce the Intellectual Property Rights on Which Our Businesses Depend or if Third Parties Assert That We Violate Their Intellectual Property Rights. We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and agreements to establish and maintain intellectual property rights in the products we sell. Our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, infringed, circumvented, or be insufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or to otherwise provide competitive advantages. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Third parties may also claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. If we do not license infringed intellectual property or if we are required to substitute similar technology from another source, our operations could be adversely affected. Even if we believe that intellectual property claims are without merit, they can be time consuming, require significant resources and be costly to defend. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to redesign affected products, pay costly damage awards, or face injunctions prohibiting us from manufacturing, importing, marketing, or 9 selling certain of our products. Even if we have agreements to indemnify us, indemnifying parties may be unable or unwilling to do so. Our Operations Can Be Adversely Affected By Our Ability to Attract, Motivate, Develop, and Retain Our Employees, Labor Shortages and Work Stoppages, Turnover, Labor Cost Increases and Other Labor Relations Problems. We are committed to attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining our employees to remain an employer of choice. Despite our efforts, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, employee turnover, particularly in our manufacturing and distribution locations. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available or increase labor costs, including labor shortages from high employment levels and related competition or labor stoppages due to disputes or strikes. In addition, as of December 31, 2025, approximately 26% of our core workforce locations were unionized. Our Marshalltown, Iowa-based union ratified a five-year labor agreement on November 1, 2021; however, the results of future negotiations with unions are uncertain. If we are unsuccessful in meeting these challenges, our results of operations could be materially impacted. Artificial Intelligence Technologies Could Present Business, Compliance, and Reputational Risks. Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine-learning technology both present opportunities and pose risks to us. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position and business results may suffer. We face risk of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use AI to better serve customers, drive internal efficiencies, and/or create new or enhanced products or services. We have begun to incorporate AI capabilities into our operations and the introduction of these technologies, particularly generative AI, into internal processes, customer engagements, and/or new and existing product offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. In addition, our personnel could, unbeknownst to us, improperly utilize AI and machine learning-technology while carrying out their responsibilities. The use of AI in the development of our products and services could also cause loss of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. Finally, multiple jurisdictions have either already put in place laws and regulations governing the use of AI, or are considering such laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws, regulations, and industry frameworks may limit our ability to leverage AI or require us to substantially revise our approach to its use. Industry Risks Our Financial Performance Is Affected by the Conditions and Performance of the U.S. Construction Industry. Our business is affected by the performance of the U.S. construction industry. Our sales in the residential and commercial new construction markets correlate to the number of new homes and buildings that are built, which in turn is influenced by cyclical factors such as interest rates, inflation, availability of financing, consumer spending habits and confidence, employment rates and other macroeconomic factors over which we have no control. Our sales may not improve, or improvement may be limited or lower than expected. Cooler than Normal Summers and Warmer than Normal Winters May Depress Our Sales. Demand for our products and services is seasonal and strongly affected by the weather. Cooler than normal summers depress our sales of replacement air conditioning and refrigeration products and services. Similarly, warmer than normal winters have the same effect on our heating products and services. Extreme weather events, conditions, and water scarcity, as a result of climate change or other factors, may exacerbate fluctuations in typical weather patterns, creating financial risks to our business. Price Volatility for Commodities and Components We Purchase or Significant Supply Interruptions Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Cash Flow or Results of Operations. We depend on raw materials, such as steel, copper and aluminum, and components purchased from third parties to manufacture our products. Some of these third-party suppliers are located outside of the U.S. We generally concentrate purchases for a given raw material or component with a small number of suppliers. If a supplier is unable or unwilling to meet 10 our supply requirements, including suffering any disruptions at its facilities or in its supply chain, we could experience supply interruptions or cost increases, either of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, disruptions have occurred due to supplier capacity constraints, labor shortages, port congestion, logistical problems, the COVID-19 pandemic, and other issues. Some of these disruptions have resulted in supply chain constraints affecting our business including our ability to timely produce and ship our products. Similarly, suppliers of components that we purchase for use in our products may be affected by rising material costs and inflation and pass these increased costs on to us. Although we regularly pre-purchase a portion of our raw materials at fixed prices each year to hedge against price increases, an increase in raw materials prices not covered by our fixed price arrangements could significantly increase our cost of goods sold and negatively impact our margins if we are unable to effectively pass such price increases on to our customers. Alternatively, if we increase our prices in response to increases in the prices or quantities of raw materials or components or if we encounter significant supply interruptions, our competitive position could be adversely affected, which may result in depressed sales and profitability. Additionally, the effects of extreme weather events and natural disasters, long-term changes in temperature levels, water availability, increased cost for decarbonizing process heating, supply costs impacted by increasing energy costs, or energy costs impacted by carbon prices or offsets, as a result of climate change or other factors, may exacerbate supply chain constraints and disruption. Resulting supply chain constraints have required, and may continue to require, in certain instances, alternative delivery arrangements and increased costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. In addition, we use derivatives to hedge price risk associated with forecasted purchases of certain raw materials. Our hedged prices could result in paying higher or lower prices for commodities as compared to the market prices for those commodities when purchased. We May Incur Substantial Costs as a Result of Product Liability, Warranty Claims, or Recalls. The development, manufacture, sale, and use of our products involve warranty and product liability claims and other liabilities and risks for the installation, use, and service of our products. Our product liability insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover claims or damage awards or we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or obtain insurance that will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend, regardless of the ultimate outcome. A significant unsuccessful product liability defense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, for some of our HVACR products, we provide warranty terms ranging from one to 20 years to customers for certain components such as compressors or heat exchangers. Warranty claims are not covered by our product liability insurance and certain product liability claims may also not be covered by our product liability insurance. For certain limited products, we used to provide lifetime warranties. Warranties of such extended lengths pose a risk to us as actual future costs may exceed our current estimates of those costs. Warranty expense is recorded on the date that revenue is recognized and requires significant assumptions about what costs will be incurred in the future. We may be required to record material adjustments to accruals and expense in the future if actual costs for these warranties are different from our assumptions. Our product warranty liability was $167.2 million as of December 31, 2025. We maintain strict quality controls and procedures. However, we cannot be certain that these controls and procedures will reveal defects in our products or their component parts or raw materials, which may not become apparent until after the products have been placed in use in the market. Accordingly, there is a risk that products will have defects that could require a product recall or field corrective action, either voluntarily or at the direction of a governmental authority. Product recalls and field corrective actions can be expensive to implement and may damage our reputation, customer relationships and market share. Further, our business depends on the strong brand reputations we have developed. If a reputation is damaged due to actual, potential, or perceived product and service quality issues, we may face difficulty maintaining our market share and pricing with respect to some of our products, which could reduce our sales and profitability. 11 Legal, Tax, and Regulatory Risks Changes in Environmental and Climate-Related Legislation, Government Regulations, or Policies Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations. The sales, gross margins, and profitability for each of our segments could be directly impacted by changes in legislation, government regulations, or policies (collectively, “LRPs”) relating to global climate change and other environmental initiatives and concerns. These LRPs, implemented under global, national, and sub-national climate objectives or policies, can include changes in environmental and energy efficiency standards and tend to target the global warming potential of refrigerants and hydrofluorocarbons, equipment energy efficiency, and combustion of fossil fuels as a heating source. Many of our products consume energy and use refrigerants and hydroflurocarbons. LRPs that seek to reduce greenhouse gas emissions may require us to make increased capital expenditures to develop or market new products to meet new LRPs. Further, our customers and the markets we serve may impose emissions or other environmental standards through LRPs or consumer preferences that may require additional time, capital investment, or technological advancement. Our inability or delay in developing or marketing products that match customer demand while also meeting applicable LRPs may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation and regulations, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Such regulatory uncertainty could adversely impact the demand for energy efficient buildings and could increase costs of compliance. Additionally, the extensive and frequently changing legislation and regulations could impose increased liability for remediation costs and civil or criminal penalties in cases of non-compliance. Because these laws are subject to change, we are unable to predict the future costs resulting from environmental compliance. Likewise, a failure to comply with any current or future sustainability-related reporting requirements, as established by U.S. and international regulators, may result in loss of business, regulatory penalties, litigation, and/or reputational damage. Further, we may face adverse reputational risks due to our products and manufacturing operations consuming energy or using refrigerants and hydroflurocarbons. Stakeholders are increasingly scrutinizing environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices, and stakeholders’ expectations regarding ESG practices are diverse, rapidly changing, and sometimes in conflict. If we are unable to satisfy the evolving ESG-related expectations of certain stakeholders, particularly as it relates to climate change, we may suffer reputational harm, which may cause our stock price to decrease or cause certain investors and financial institutions not to purchase our securities or provide us with capital or credit on favorable terms, which may cause our cost of capital to increase. In addition, our reputation and customer relationships may be damaged as a result of practices that could be associated with ESG, including as it relates to climate-related disclosures. A failure or perceived failure by us in this regard may damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in Tax Laws and Interpretations Could Adversely Impact our Effective Tax Rates and Financial Results. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. as well as certain foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws and regulations are continuously evolving with corporate tax reform, base-erosion efforts, global minimum tax, and increased transparency continuing to be high priorities in many tax jurisdictions in which we operate. We continue to monitor new tax legislation or other developments since significant changes in tax legislation, or in the interpretation of existing legislation, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Certain countries in which we have operations have implemented, or are in the process of implementing, legislation or practices inspired by the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”). In December 2021, the OECD issued its guidance on the Global Anti-Base Erosion (“GloBE”) rules with the purpose of ensuring multinational companies pay a minimum level tax on the income generated in each of the jurisdictions where they operate (“Pillar Two”). In December 2022, the European Council attained a consensus on Pillar Two to implement a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15%, and many European Union and G20 countries began incorporating and implementing OECD guidelines in 2024. Our effective tax rate for 2025 incorporates our estimated Pillar Two tax liability. We are continuing to evaluate the potential impact on future periods of the Pillar Two framework, pending legislative adoption by individual countries, as such changes could result in an increase in our effective tax rate. Further, the increased scrutiny of international tax arrangements and continuous changes to countries’ tax legislation may also affect the policies and decisions of tax authorities with respect to certain income tax and transfer pricing positions taken by the Company in prior or future periods. We are regularly subject to audits by tax authorities, and such audits could result in 12 changes in our tax reserves for our historic or future tax positions and transfer pricing policies, which could significantly adversely impact our effective tax rates and financial results. For more information, see Note 12 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Changes in U.S. Trade Policy, Including the Imposition of Tariffs and the Resulting Consequences, Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations. The U.S. government has made changes in U.S. trade policy over the past several years. These changes include renegotiating and terminating certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements, such as the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”), and initiating tariffs on certain foreign goods from a variety of countries. In addition, the U.S. presidential administration has imposed increased tariffs on imports from Canada and Mexico for goods not covered by the USMCA. The USMCA is subject to review and renewal in 2026, and there can be no assurance that any newly negotiated terms in the USMCA will not adversely affect our business or operations. These changes in U.S. trade policy have led, and may again lead, to foreign governments enacting responsive trade policies that increase the difficulty or cost of doing international business or trade. As a consequence, the sales, gross margins, and profitability for each of our segments could be directly impacted by changes in tariffs and trade agreements. We cannot predict the extent to which the U.S. or other countries will impose new or additional quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, non-tariff barriers, or other similar restrictions upon the import or export of our products in the future, nor can we predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business. The continuing adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of trade tensions, or other governmental actions related to tariffs or trade agreements or trade policies, may negatively affect demand for our products, costs, customers, suppliers, and the U.S. economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our Reputation, Ability to Do Business, and Results of Operations Could be Impaired By Improper Conduct By Any of Our Employees, Agents, or Business Partners. We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies (including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, export and import compliance, anti-trust and money laundering). In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree. We cannot provide assurance our internal controls will always protect us from, or identify any, improper conduct of our employees, agents and business partners. Any such violation of law or improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to increased costs of compliance, and could damage our reputation, our business and results of operations. We are Subject to Claims, Lawsuits, and Other Litigation That Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations. In addition to product liability and warranty claims as described above, we are involved in various claims and lawsuits incidental to our business, including those involving intellectual property infringement, labor relations, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing materials, and environmental matters, some of which claim significant damages. Estimates related to our claims and lawsuits, including estimates for asbestos-related claims and related insurance recoveries, involve numerous uncertainties. Given the inherent uncertainty of litigation and estimates, we cannot be certain that existing claims or litigation or any future adverse legal developments will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. General Risk Factors Global General Business, Economic and Market Conditions Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Performance and Limit Our Access to the Capital Markets. Our business may be materially and adversely impacted by changes in U.S. or global economic conditions, including recessions, economic downturns, inflation, deflation, fluctuations in interest rates, consumer spending rates, energy availability and commodity prices, and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Disruptions in U.S. or global financial and credit markets or increases in the costs of capital may also have an adverse impact on our business. The tightening, unavailability or increased cost of credit adversely affects the ability of our customers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations, resulting in a decrease in sales of our products and services and may impact the ability of 13 our customers to make payments to us. Similarly, tightening of available credit may adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our business may also be adversely affected by future decreases in the general level of economic activity and increases in borrowing costs, which may cause our customers to cancel, decrease or delay their purchases of our products and services. If financial markets were to deteriorate, or costs of capital were to increase significantly due to a lowering of our credit ratings, prevailing industry conditions, the volatility of the capital markets or other factors, we may be unable to obtain new financing on acceptable terms, or at all. A deterioration in our financial performance could also limit our future ability to access amounts currently available under our Credit Agreement or to issue notes pursuant to our commercial paper program, as more fully described below. We cannot predict the likelihood, duration, or severity of any future disruption in financial markets or any adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries. Extraordinary Events Beyond our Control, Including Conflicts, Wars, Natural Disasters, Public Health Crises, Terrorist Acts, or Other Civil or Political Disruptions, Could Negatively Impact our Business, Which May Affect our Financial Condition, Results of Operations or Cash Flows. External disruptions, including, but not limited to, conflicts, wars, natural disasters (the nature and severity of which may be impacted by climate change), public health crises, terrorist acts, or other civil or political disruptions, may cause significant damage or disruption to our operations, employees, facilities, systems, suppliers, supply chain, distributors, resellers, or customers in the U.S. and internationally for extended periods of time and could also affect demand for our products. The extent to which any extraordinary event impacts us depends on numerous factors and future developments that we are not able to predict, including the duration and scope of the event; governmental, business, and individuals’ actions in response to the event; our ability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel; global supply chain disruptions caused by the event; and the impact on economic activity, including financial market instability. Our International Operations Subject Us to Risks Related to Foreign Currencies Fluctuations and Other Risks. We earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets, and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar including the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, and the Euro. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. dollars and we translate revenue, income, expenses, assets, and liabilities into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies may affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. Because of the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies might be offset by strengths in others over time. However, we cannot assure that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies, would not materially affect our financial results. In addition to the currency exchange risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to geopolitical and economic instability. Net sales outside of the U.S. comprised approximately 7% of our total net sales in 2025. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. The ability to manage these risks could be difficult and may limit our operations and make the manufacture and sale of our products internationally more difficult, which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Cyber Attacks and Other Disruptions or Misuse of Information Systems We Rely Upon Could Affect Our Ability to Conduct Our Business Effectively. Our information systems and those of our business partners are important to our business activities. We also outsource various information systems, including data management, to third-party service providers. Despite our security measures as well as those of our business partners and third-party service providers, the information systems we rely upon may be vulnerable to interruption or damage from cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination thereof. Further, as AI technologies advance, new and increasingly sophisticated attack methods are emerging, including fraud involving impersonation technologies or other forms of generative AI that enhance the scale, frequency, and effectiveness of cyber threats. Attempts have been made to attack our information systems, but we do not believe that material harm has resulted. While we have implemented controls and taken other preventative actions to strengthen these systems against future attacks, we can give no assurance that these controls and preventative actions will be effective. Any breach of data security 14 could result in a disruption of our services, improper disclosure of personal data or confidential information, or online fraud or cybertheft, which could harm our reputation, require us to expend resources to remedy such a security breach or defend against further attacks, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased operating costs or loss of revenue. We May Not be Able to Successfully Integrate and Operate Businesses that We May Acquire nor Realize the Anticipated Benefits of Strategic Relationships We May Form. From time to time, we may seek to complement or expand our businesses through strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic relationships. For example, in 2025, we completed the acquisition of Duro Dyne and Supco. The success of this and any other transactions will depend, in part, on our ability to timely identify those relationships, negotiate and close the transactions and then integrate, manage, and operate those businesses profitably. If we are unable to successfully complete these actions, we may not realize the anticipated benefits associated with such transactions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 