
      The risk factors summarized and disclosed below could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, and
may cause volatility in the price of our shares. These are not all the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently
believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. See also the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including in Part I, Item 1 "Business," Part II, Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"
and our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes.

Summary of Risk Factors

Risks Related to our Business

    •   If we fail to innovate and develop new products in a timely and cost-effective manner for our new and existing product categories, our
        business and operating results could be adversely affected.

    •   If we do not successfully execute on our growth opportunities, or if our growth opportunities are more limited than we expect, our
        operating results and future growth could be adversely affected.

    •   We purchase key components and products from a limited number of sources, and our business and operating results could be
        adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were shortages of required components.

    •   Our principal manufacturing operations and third-party contract manufacturers are located in China and Southeast Asia, which exposes
        us to risks associated with doing business in that geographic area as well as potential tariffs, adverse trade regulations, adverse tax
        consequences and pressure to move or diversify our manufacturing locations.

    •   If we do not successfully coordinate the worldwide manufacturing and distribution of our products, we could lose sales and our business
        and operating results could be adversely affected.

    •   If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if our brands or reputation are damaged, our reputation, business and
        operating results could be adversely affected.

    •   If we do not compete effectively, demand for our products could decline and our business and operating results could be adversely
        affected.

    •   We rely on third parties to sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. Disruption of our
        relationship with these channel partners, changes in or issues with their business practices, their failure to provide timely and accurate
        information, changes in distribution partners, practices or models, conflicts among our channels of distribution, or failure to build and
        scale our own sales force for certain product categories and enterprise channel partners could adversely affect our business, results of
        operations, operating cash flows and financial condition.

    •   If we do not accurately forecast market demand for our products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

    •   Our business depends in part on access to third-party platforms or technologies, and if access thereto is withdrawn, denied, or is not
        available on terms acceptable to us, or if the platforms or technologies change without notice to us, our business and operating results
        could be adversely affected.

    •   Our success largely depends on our ability to manage, hire, retain, integrate and motivate sufficient numbers of qualified personnel,
        including senior leadership. Our strategy and our ability to innovate, design



                                             Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 14
Table of Contents


        and produce new products, sell products, maintain operating margins and control expenses depend on key personnel that may be
        difficult to replace.

    •   As we focus on growth opportunities, we are divesting or discontinuing non-strategic product categories, or pursuing strategic
        acquisitions and investments, which could have an adverse impact on our business.

    •   As we continue our efforts to lower our costs and improve our operational efficiency, we may not fully realize our goals.

    •   Product quality issues could adversely affect our reputation, business and operating results.

Risks Related to Global Nature of our Operations and Regulatory Environment

    •   Adverse global and regional economic and geopolitical conditions can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and
        financial condition.

    •   We conduct operations in a number of countries and have invested significantly in growing our sales and marketing activities in China,
        and the effect of business, legal and political risks associated with international operations could adversely affect us.

    •   Changes in trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, including changes in trade agreements and the
        imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial
        condition.

    •   Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

    •   We are subject to risks related to our environmental, social and governance ("ESG") activities and disclosures.

    •   As a company operating in many markets and jurisdictions, expanding into new growth categories, and engaging in acquisitions, and as
        a Swiss, dual-listed company, we are subject to risks associated with new, existing and potential future laws and regulations.

    •   As a result of changes in tax laws, treaties, rulings, regulations or agreements, or their interpretation, of Switzerland or any other country
        in which we operate, the loss of a major tax dispute or a successful challenge to our operating structure, intercompany pricing policies or
        the taxable presence of our key subsidiaries in certain countries, or other factors, our effective income tax rates may increase, which
        could adversely affect our net income and cash flows.

    •   We maintain cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions and are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by such financial
        institutions.

Risks Related to Confidential Information, Cybersecurity, Privacy, and Intellectual Property

    •   Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information could adversely affect our business and result in significant
        reputational, financial and legal consequences.

    •   The collection, storage, transmission, use and distribution of personal data could give rise to liabilities and additional costs of operation
        as a result of laws, governmental regulation and risks of data breaches and security incidents.

    •   Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology could adversely affect our business.




                                             Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 15
Table of Contents


    •   We may be unable to protect our proprietary rights. Unauthorized use of our technology may result in the development of products that
        compete with our products.

Risks Related to our Financial Results

    •   Our operating results are difficult to predict and fluctuations in results may cause volatility in the price of our shares.

    •   Our gross margins can vary significantly depending on multiple factors, which can result in unanticipated fluctuations in our operating
        results.

    •   We cannot ensure that our share repurchase programs will be fully utilized or that it will enhance long-term shareholder value. Share
        repurchases may also increase the volatility of the trading price of our shares. We similarly cannot ensure that we will continue to
        increase our dividend payments or to pay dividends at all. Share repurchases and dividends diminish our cash reserves.

Risk Factors

Risks Related to our Business

If we fail to innovate and develop new products in a timely and cost-effective manner for our new and existing product categories, our
business and operating results could be adversely affected.

    Our product categories are characterized by short product life cycles, intense competition, frequent new product introductions, rapidly
changing technology, dynamic consumer demand and evolving industry standards. As a result, we must continually innovate in our new and
existing product categories, introduce new products and technologies, and enhance existing products in order to remain competitive.

    The success of our product portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to:

    •   Identify new features, functionality and opportunities;

    •   Anticipate technology, market trends and consumer preferences;

    •   Develop innovative, high-quality, and reliable new products and enhancements in a cost-effective and timely manner;

    •   Distinguish our products from those of our competitors; and

    •   Offer our products at prices and on terms that are attractive to our customers and consumers.

    The development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation. The development process also
can be lengthy and costly. There are significant initial expenditures for research and development, tooling, manufacturing processes, inventory
and marketing, and we may not be able to recover those investments. If we fail to accurately anticipate technological trends or our users’ needs
or preferences, are unable to complete the development of products and services in a cost-effective and timely fashion or are unable to
appropriately increase production to fulfill customer demand, we will be unable to successfully introduce new products and services into the
market or compete with other providers. Even if we complete the development of our new products and services in a cost-effective and timely
manner, they may not be competitive with products developed by others, they may not achieve acceptance in the market at anticipated levels or
at all, they may not be profitable or, even if they are profitable, they may not achieve margins as high as our expectations or as high as the
margins we have achieved historically.

    As we introduce new or enhanced products, integrate new technology into new or existing products, or reduce the overall number of
products offered, we face risks including, among other things, disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, excessive levels of new and existing
product inventories, revenue deterioration in our existing product lines, insufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demand,
possible product and technology defects, and a potentially different sales and support environment. Premature announcements or leaks of new
products, features or technologies may exacerbate some of these risks by reducing the effectiveness of our product launches, reducing sales
volumes of current products due to anticipated future products, making it more difficult to



                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 16
Table of Contents


compete, shortening the period of differentiation based on our product innovation, straining relationships with our partners or increasing market
expectations for the results of our new products before we have had an opportunity to demonstrate the market viability of the products. Our
failure to manage the transition to new products and services or the integration of new technology into new or existing products and services
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition.

If we do not successfully execute on our growth opportunities, or if our growth opportunities are more limited than we expect, our
operating results and future growth could be adversely affected.

    Our future growth depends on growth opportunities and as a result, we are attempting to diversify our product category portfolio. Our
investments may not result in the growth we expect, or when we expect it, for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, changes in growth
trends, evolving and changing markets and increasing competition, market opportunities, and product innovation.

    Our growth opportunities and those we may pursue are subject to constant and rapidly changing and evolving technologies and evolving
industry standards and may be replaced by new technology concepts or platforms. Some of these growth categories and opportunities are also
characterized by short product cycles, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and rapidly changing and evolving consumer
preferences with respect to design and features that require calculated risk-taking and fast responsiveness and result in short opportunities to
establish a market presence. In addition, some of these growth categories and opportunities are characterized by price competition, erosion of
premium-priced segments and average selling prices, commoditization, and sensitivity to general economic conditions and cyclical downturns.
The growth opportunities and strength and number of competitors that we face in all of our product categories mean that we are at risk of new
competitors coming to market with more innovative products that are more attractive to customers than ours or priced more competitively. If we
do not develop innovative and reliable product offerings and enhancements in a cost-effective and timely manner that are attractive to
consumers in these markets, if we are otherwise unsuccessful entering and competing in these growth categories or responding to our many
competitors and to the rapidly changing conditions in these growth categories, if the growth categories in which we invest our limited resources
do not emerge as the opportunities or do not produce the growth or profitability we expect, or when we expect it, or if we do not correctly
anticipate changes and evolutions in technology and platforms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

    In addition, we rely on our go-to-market capability to leverage on those growth opportunities, market our products and compete effectively
with a goal of strengthening our sales. If we are not able to develop and maintain our go-to-market capabilities and processes, in particular the
continued development of our enterprise salesforce and strategy, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We purchase key components and products from a limited number of sources, and our business and operating results could be
adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were shortages of required components.

    We purchase certain products and key components from a limited number of sources. If the supply of these products or key components
were to be delayed or constrained, impacted by global shortages of semiconductor chips, or if one or more of our single-source suppliers
experience disruptions or go out of business as a result of adverse global economic conditions, natural disasters or regional or global
pandemics, including COVID-19, we might be unable to find a new supplier on acceptable terms, or at all, and our product shipments to our
customers could be delayed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

     Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on
factors such as contract terms, demand for a component, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we have experienced component shortages
and extended lead times on semiconductors, such as microcontrollers and optical sensors, and base metals used in our products. Shortages or
interruptions in the supply of components or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components or products from alternate
sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could delay shipment of our products or increase our production costs, which could adversely
affect our business and operating results.




                                             Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 17
Table of Contents


Our principal manufacturing operations and third-party contract manufacturers are located in China and Southeast Asia, which
exposes us to risks associated with doing business in that geographic area as well as potential tariffs, adverse trade regulations,
adverse tax consequences and pressure to move or diversify our manufacturing locations.

    We produce approximately 40% of our products at the facilities we own in China. The majority of our other production is performed by third-
party contract manufacturers, including original design manufacturers, in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Thailand, Mexico, and Vietnam.

     Our manufacturing operations in China have been in the past and could in the future be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic,
changes in the interpretation and enforcement of legal standards, strains on China’s available labor pool, changes in labor costs and other
employment dynamics, high turnover among Chinese employees, infrastructure issues, import-export issues, cross-border intellectual property
and technology restrictions, currency transfer restrictions, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, conflicts or disagreements between
China and Taiwan or China and the United States, labor unrest, and other trade customs and practices that are dissimilar to those in the United
States and Europe. Interpretation and enforcement of China’s laws and regulations continue to evolve, and we expect differences in
interpretation and enforcement to continue in the foreseeable future.

    Our manufacturing operations at third-party contractors could be adversely affected by contractual disagreements, by labor unrest, by
natural disasters, by regional or global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, by wars and armed conflicts, by strains on local
communications, trade, and other infrastructures, by competition for the available labor pool or manufacturing capacity, by increasing labor and
other costs, and by other trade customs and practices that are dissimilar to those in the United States and Europe.

    Further, we have been exposed in the past and may be exposed to fluctuations in the value of the local currency in the countries in which
manufacturing occurs. Future appreciation of these local currencies could increase our component and other raw material costs. In addition, our
labor costs could continue to rise as wage rates increase and the available labor pool declines. These conditions could adversely affect our
financial results.

If we do not successfully coordinate the worldwide manufacturing and distribution of our products, we could lose sales and our
business and operating results could be adversely affected.

     If we do not successfully coordinate the timely manufacturing and distribution of our products, if our manufacturers, distribution logistics
providers or transport providers are not able to successfully and timely process our business or if we do not receive timely and accurate
information from such providers, and especially if we expand into new product categories or our business grows in volume, we may have an
insufficient supply of products to meet customer demand or experience a build-up in inventory. As a result, we could lose sales or incur additional
costs which could adversely affect our financial performance.

     By locating our manufacturing in China and Southeast Asia, we are reliant on third parties to get our products to distributors around the
world. Transportation costs, fuel costs, labor unrest, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, military conflicts, and other adverse effects
on our ability, timing and cost of delivering products can increase our inventory, decrease our margins, adversely affect our relationships with
distributors and other customers and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

    A significant portion of our quarterly retail orders and product deliveries generally occur in the last weeks of the fiscal quarter. This places
pressure on our supply chain and could adversely affect our revenues and profitability if we are unable to successfully fulfill customer orders.

If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if our brands or reputation are damaged, our reputation, business and
operating results could be adversely affected.

    We have developed long-term value in our brands and have invested significantly in design and in our existing and new brands over the past
several years. We believe that our design and brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business and that maintaining and
enhancing our brands is very important to our future growth and success. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will require significant
investments and will depend largely on our future design, products and marketing, which may not be successful and may damage our brands.
Our brands and reputation are also dependent on third parties, such as suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, retailers, product



                                             Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 18
Table of Contents


reviewers and the media as well as online consumer product reviews, consumer recommendations and referrals. It can take significant time,
resources and expense to overcome negative publicity, reviews or perception. Any negative effect on our brands, regardless of whether it is in
our control, could adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations.

If we do not compete effectively, demand for our products could decline and our business and operating results could be adversely
affected.

    The industry in which we operate is intensely competitive. Most of our product categories are characterized by large, well-financed
competitors with strong brand names and highly effective research and development, marketing and sales capabilities, short product life cycles,
continual performance enhancements, and rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors in our product markets.
We also experience aggressive price competition and other promotional activities from our primary competitors and from less-established
brands, including brands owned by retail customers known as house brands. As we shift the focus of our marketing efforts in certain categories
from a push model to a demand-generating pull model, the pressures from this competition and from our distribution channels, combined with
the implementation risks of such a strategy shift, could adversely affect our competitive position, market share and business. In addition, our
competitors may offer customers terms and conditions that may be more favorable than our terms and conditions and may require us to take
actions to maintain or increase our customer incentive programs, which could impact our revenues and operating margins.

   In addition, because of the continuing convergence of the markets for computing devices and consumer electronics, we expect greater
competition in the future from well-established consumer electronics companies in our developing categories as well as in future categories we
might enter.

     Microsoft, Apple, Google and Amazon are leading producers of operating systems, hardware, platforms and applications with which our
mice, keyboards, wireless speakers and other products are designed to operate. As a result, Microsoft, Apple, Google and Amazon each may be
able to improve the functionality of its products, if any, or may choose to show preference to our competitors' products, to correspond with
ongoing enhancements to its operating systems, hardware and software applications before we are able to make such improvements. This
ability could provide Microsoft, Apple, Google, Amazon or other competitors with significant lead-time advantages. In addition, Microsoft, Apple,
Google, Amazon or other competitors may be able to control distribution channels or offer pricing advantages on bundled hardware and software
products that we may not be able to offer, and maybe financially positioned to exert significant downward pressure on product prices and upward
pressure on promotional incentives in order to gain market share. For additional information, see "Competition” in Item 1 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

We rely on third parties to sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. Disruption of our
relationship with these channel partners, changes in or issues with their business practices, their failure to provide timely and
accurate information, changes in distribution partners, practices or models, conflicts among our channels of distribution, or failure to
build and scale our own sales force for certain product categories and enterprise channel partners could adversely affect our
business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition.

     We primarily sell our products to a network of distributors, retailers, e-tailers and enterprise customers (together with our direct sales channel
partners). We are dependent on those direct sales channel partners to distribute and sell our products to indirect sales channel partners and
ultimately to consumers. The sales and business practices of all such sales channel partners, their compliance with laws and regulations, and
their reputations - of which we may or may not be aware - may affect our business and our reputation.

    While our overall distribution relationships are diffuse, in fiscal year 2023 and 2022 our gross sales were concentrated with three customers -
Amazon Inc., Ingram Micro and TD Synnex - and their affiliated entities. We do not have long-term commitments with those customers. If online
sales grow as a percentage of overall sales, we expect that we will become even more reliant on Amazon. While we believe that we have good
relationships with Amazon, Ingram Micro and TD Synnex, any adverse change in those relationships could have an adverse impact on
our results of operations and financial condition.

    The impact of economic conditions, labor issues, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, evolving consumer preferences, and
purchasing patterns on our distribution partners, or competition between our sales channels, could result in sales channel disruption. Any loss of
a major partner or distribution channel or other



                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 19
Table of Contents


channel disruption could make us more dependent on alternate channels, increase pricing and promotional pressures from other partners and
distribution channels, increase our marketing costs, or adversely impact buying and inventory patterns, payment terms or other contractual
terms, sell-through or delivery of our products to consumers, our reputation and brand equity, or our market share.

      Our sales channel partners also sell products offered by our competitors and, in the case of retailer house brands, may also be our
competitors. If product competitors offer our sales channel partners more favorable terms, have more products available to meet their needs, or
utilize the leverage of broader product lines sold through the channel, or if our sales channel partners show preference for their own house
brands, our sales channel partners may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In addition, certain of our sales channel partners could
decide to de-emphasize the product categories that we offer in exchange for other product categories that they believe provide them with higher
returns. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with these sales channel partners or to maintain our distribution channels, our
business will suffer.

    As we expand into new product categories and markets in pursuit of growth, we will have to build relationships with new channel partners
and adapt to new distribution and marketing models. These new partners, practices and models may require significant management attention
and operational resources and may affect our accounting, including revenue recognition, gross margins, and the ability to make comparisons
from period to period. Certain product categories, such as Video Collaboration, also require that we further build and scale our own enterprise
sales force. Several of our competitors already have large enterprise sales forces and experience and success with that sales model. If we are
unable to build successful distribution channels, build and scale our own enterprise sales force, or successfully market our products in these new
product categories, we may not be able to take advantage of the growth opportunities, and our business and our ability to grow our business
could be adversely affected.

    We reserve for cooperative marketing arrangements, incentive programs and pricing programs with our sales channel partners. These
reserves are based on judgments and estimates, using historical experience rates, inventory levels in distribution, current trends and other
factors. There could be significant differences between the actual costs of such arrangements and programs and our estimates.

     We use sell-through data, which represents sales of our products by our direct retailer and e-tailer customers to consumers, and by our
distributor customers to their customers, along with other metrics, to assess consumer demand for our products. Sell-through data is subject to
limitations due to collection methods and the third-party nature of the data and thus may not be an accurate indicator of actual consumer
demand for our products. The customers supplying sell-through data vary by geographic region and from period to period, but typically represent
a majority of our retail sales. In addition, we rely on channel inventory data from our sales channel partners. If we do not receive this information
on a timely and accurate basis, if this information is not accurate, or if we do not properly interpret this information, our results of operations and
financial condition may be adversely affected.

If we do not accurately forecast market demand for our products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

     We use our forecasts of product demand to make decisions regarding investments of our resources and production levels of our products.
Although we receive forecasts from our customers, many are not obligated to purchase the forecasted demand. Also, actual sales volumes for
individual products in our retail distribution channel can be volatile due to changes in consumer preferences and other reasons. In addition, our
products have short product life cycles, so a failure to accurately predict high demand for a product can result in lost sales that we may not
recover in subsequent periods, or higher product costs if we meet demand by paying higher costs for materials, production and delivery. Our
failure to predict low demand for a product can result in excess inventory, lower cash flows and lower margins if we are required to reduce
product prices in order to reduce inventories.

    If our sales channel partners have excess inventory of our products or decide to decrease their inventories for any reason, they may
decrease the number of products they acquire in subsequent periods, which could cause disruption in our business and adversely affect our
forecasts and sales.




                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 20
Table of Contents


    In addition, market demand remains less predictable and more volatile than pre-COVID-19, partially due to the current macroeconomic and
geopolitical conditions. As a result, we have experienced in the past and may continue experiencing large differences between our forecasts and
actual demand for our products that may result in excess inventory or product unavailability, inventory and restructuring reserves, increases in
operational logistics and other costs, damaged relationships with suppliers or customers, opportunities for our competitors, and lost market share
and revenue. If we do not accurately predict product demand, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

Our business depends in part on access to third-party platforms or technologies, and if access thereto is withdrawn, denied, or is not
available on terms acceptable to us, or if the platforms or technologies change without notice to us, our business and operating
results could be adversely affected.

    Our product portfolio includes current and future products designed for use with third-party platforms or software, such as the Apple iPad,
iPod, iPhone and Siri, Android phones and tablets, Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa. Our business in these categories relies on our access
to the platforms of third parties, some of whom are our competitors. Platform owners that are competitors have a competitive advantage in
designing products for their platforms and may produce peripherals or other products that work better, or are perceived to work better, than our
products in connection with those platforms. As we expand the number of platforms and software applications with which our products are
compatible, we may not be successful in launching products for those platforms or software applications, we may not be successful in
establishing strong relationships with the new platform or software owners, or we may negatively impact our ability to develop and produce high-
quality products on a timely basis for those platforms and software applications or we may otherwise adversely affect our relationships with
existing platform or software owners.

     Our access to third-party platforms may require paying a royalty, which lowers our product margins or may otherwise be on terms that are
not acceptable to us. In addition, the third-party platforms or technologies used to interact with our product portfolio can be delayed in production
or can change without prior notice to us, which can result in our having excess inventory, lower margins, lost investment in time and expense, or
lost opportunity cost.

    If we are unable to access third-party platforms or technologies, or if our access is withdrawn, denied, or is not available on terms acceptable
to us, or if the platforms or technologies are delayed or changed without notice to us, our business and operating results could be adversely
affected.

Our success largely depends on our ability to manage, hire, retain, integrate and motivate sufficient numbers of qualified personnel,
including senior leadership. Our strategy and our ability to innovate, design and produce new products, sell products, maintain
operating margins and control expenses depend on key personnel that may be difficult to replace.

   Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including senior leadership and international personnel.
From time to time, we experience turnover in some of our senior leadership positions.

    We compensate our employees through a combination of salary, bonuses, benefits and equity compensation. Recruiting and retaining skilled
personnel, including software and hardware engineers, is highly competitive. If we fail to provide an attractive working environment and
competitive compensation to our employees, it will be difficult to retain, hire and integrate qualified employees and contractors, and we may not
be able to maintain and expand our business. If we do not retain or maintain the continuity of our senior leaders or other key employees for any
reason, including voluntary or involuntary departure, death or permanent or temporary disability, we risk losing institutional knowledge,
experience, expertise and other benefits of continuity as well as the ability to attract and retain other key employees. In addition, we must
carefully balance the size of our employee base with our current infrastructure, management resources and anticipated operating cash flows. If
we are unable to manage the size of our employee base, including but not limited to our engineers, product managers and designers and other
functions, we may fail to achieve our strategic and operational goals, including developing and introducing new products successfully and in a
cost-effective and timely manner. If our revenue growth or employee levels vary significantly, our operating cash flows and financial condition
could be adversely affected. Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price may also affect our ability to retain key employees, many
of whom have been granted equity incentives. We may find it difficult to provide competitive equity incentives, and our ability to hire, retain and
motivate key personnel may suffer.




                                             Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 21
Table of Contents


As we focus on growth opportunities, we are divesting or discontinuing non-strategic product categories, or pursuing strategic
acquisitions and investments, which could have an adverse impact on our business.

    We regularly review our product portfolio and update our non-strategic product categories and products. Discontinuing products with service
components may cause us to continue to incur expenses to maintain services within the product life cycle or may adversely affect our customer
and consumer relationships and brand. Divestitures may also involve warranties, indemnification or covenants that could restrict our business or
result in litigation, additional expenses or liabilities. In addition, discontinuing product categories, even categories that we consider non-strategic,
reduces the size and diversification of our business and causes us to be more dependent on a smaller number of product categories.

      As we attempt to grow our business in strategic product categories and emerging market geographies, we evaluate acquisition opportunities
that could provide us with additional product or service offerings or with additional industry expertise, assets and capabilities. Acquisitions could
result in difficulties integrating acquired operations, products, technology, internal controls, personnel and management teams and result in the
diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other business issues and opportunities. If we fail to successfully integrate
acquisitions, our business could be harmed. Acquisitions could also result in the assumption of known and unknown liabilities, product,
regulatory and other compliance issues, dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, disputes over earn-outs or other
litigation, and adverse effects on relationships with our and our target’s employees, customers and suppliers. Moreover, our acquisitions may not
be successful in achieving our desired strategy, product, financial or other objectives or expectations, which would also cause our business to
suffer.

    Acquisitions can also lead to large non-cash charges that can have an adverse effect on our results of operations as a result of write-offs for
items such as future impairments of intangible assets and goodwill, restructuring charges, inventory write downs or the recording of share-based
compensation.

    If we divest or discontinue product categories or products that we previously acquired, or if the value of those parts of our business become
impaired, we may need to evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill. Additional impairment charges could adversely affect our results of
operations. Several of our past acquisitions have not been successful and have led to significant impairment charges. Acquisitions and
divestitures may also cause our operating results to fluctuate and make it difficult for investors to compare operating results and financial
statements between periods. In addition, from time to time we make strategic venture investments in other companies that provide products and
services that are complementary to ours. If these investments are unsuccessful, this could have an adverse impact on our results of operations,
operating cash flows and financial condition.

As we continue our efforts to lower our costs and improve our operational efficiency, we may not fully realize our goals.

     Our ability to achieve the desired and anticipated cost savings and other benefits from simplification, cost-cutting and restructuring activities,
and within our desired and expected timeframes, are subject to many estimates and assumptions, and the actual savings and timing for those
savings may vary materially based on factors such as local labor regulations, negotiations with third parties, and operational requirements.
These estimates and assumptions are also subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our
control. There can be no assurance that we will fully realize the desired and anticipated benefits from these activities. To the extent that we are
unable to improve our operational efficiency, further restructuring measures may be required in the future. Furthermore, we are expecting to be
able to use the anticipated cost savings from these activities to fund and support our current growth opportunities and incremental investments
for future growth. If the cost-savings and other benefits from restructuring activities do not materialize as anticipated, or within our expected
timeframes, our ability to invest in growth may be limited and our business and operating results may be adversely affected.

Product quality issues could adversely affect our reputation, business and operating results.

    The products that we sell or third-party components included therein could contain defects in design or manufacture. There can be no
assurance we will be able to detect and remedy all defects in the hardware and software we sell. Failure to do so could result in product recalls,
product liability claims and litigation, product redesign efforts, lost revenue, loss of reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses to
remedy.




                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 22
Table of Contents


    While we maintain reserves for reasonably estimable liabilities and purchase liability insurance, our reserves may not be adequate to cover
such claims and liabilities and our insurance is subject to deductibles and may not be adequate to cover such claims and liabilities. Furthermore,
our contracts with distributors and retailers may contain warranty, indemnification and other provisions related to product quality issues, and
claims under those provisions may adversely affect our business and operating results.

Risks Related to Global Nature of our Operations and Regulatory Environment

Adverse global and regional economic and geopolitical conditions can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition.

    We conduct operations internationally and as a result, adverse global and regional economic and geopolitical conditions have in the past and
can in the future materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

     Such conditions, including but not limited to inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs, trade restrictions, changes to fiscal
and monetary policy, higher interest rates and currency fluctuations, and other conditions that are susceptible to impact consumer confidence
and spending could adversely affect demand for our products. In fiscal year 2023, we were impacted by adverse macroeconomic and
geopolitical conditions including but not limited to inflation, foreign currency fluctuations, and slowdown of economic activity around the world, in
part due to changes in interest rates, and lower consumer and enterprise spending. In addition, the war in Ukraine increased global supply chain,
logistics, and inflationary challenges. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, we indefinitely ceased all sales and shipments to Russia. Our sales
in Ukraine have also been halted due to the ongoing military operations on the Ukrainian territory. We had no revenues from Russia and Ukraine
in fiscal year 2023.

     Global or regional economic and political conditions also have an impact on our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, and
distributors, causing volatility in cost of materials and shipping and transportation rates, and as a result impacting the pricing of our products.
Price increases may not successfully offset cost increases or may cause us to lose market share and in turn adversely impact our operations.

   All these and other global and regional economic and geopolitical factors can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition.

We conduct operations in a number of countries and have invested significantly in growing our sales and marketing activities in
China, and the effect of business, legal and political risks associated with international operations could adversely affect us.

    We conduct operations in a number of countries and have invested significantly in growing our personnel and sales and marketing activities
in China and, to a lesser extent, other emerging markets. We may also increase our investments to grow sales in other emerging markets, such
as Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. There are risks inherent in doing business in international markets, including:

    •   Difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

    •   Compliance with increasing amounts of laws and regulations, including environmental, tax, import/export and anti-corruption laws, which
        vary from country to country, and the European Union legislation, and over time, increasing the costs of compliance and potential risks of
        non-compliance;

    •   Varying laws, regulations and other legal protections, uncertain and varying enforcement of those laws and regulations, dependence on
        local authorities, and the importance of local networks and relationships;

    •   Varying accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, accountability and protections, including risks related to the lack of
        access by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") to inspect PCAOB-registered accounting firms in
        emerging market countries such as China;

    •   Exposure to political, economic and financial instability, including due to the uncertainty associated with the ongoing sovereign debt
        issues in certain Euro zone countries, which may lead to reduced sales, currency exchange losses and collection difficulties or other
        losses;




                                               Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 23
Table of Contents


    •   Import or export restrictions or licensing requirements that could affect some of our products, including those with encryption technology;

    •   Trade protection measures, custom duties, tariffs, import or export duties, and other trade barriers, restrictions and regulations, including
        recent and ongoing United States - China tariffs and trade restrictions, including China's 2021 Anti-Foreign Sanctions Law;

    •   Lack of infrastructure or services necessary or appropriate to support our products and services;

    •   Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that may be more concentrated where we operate internationally;

    •   Exposure to fluctuations in the value of local currencies;

    •   Difficulties and increased costs in establishing sales and distribution channels in unfamiliar markets, with their own market
        characteristics and competition, including entrenched local competition;

    •   Weak protection of our intellectual property rights;

    •   Higher credit risks;

    •   Variations in VAT (value-added tax) or VAT reimbursement;

    •   Imposition of currency exchange controls;

    •   Delays from customs brokers or government agencies; and

    •   A broad range of customs, consumer trends, and more.

    Any of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

    Sales growth in key markets, including China, is an important part of our expectations for our business. As a result, if economic, political or
business conditions deteriorate in these markets, or if one or more of the risks described above materialize in these markets, our overall
business and results of operations will be adversely affected.

Changes in trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, including changes in trade agreements and the
imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

    In recent years, the U.S. government has instituted or proposed changes to international trade policy through the renegotiation, and potential
termination, of certain existing bilateral or multilateral trade agreements and treaties with, and the imposition of tariffs on a wide range of
products and other goods from, China, countries in EMEA and other countries. As previously disclosed, we have invested significantly in
manufacturing facilities in China and Southeast Asia. Given our manufacturing principally in those countries, and our lack of manufacturing
elsewhere, policy or regulations changes in the United States or other countries present particular risks for us. We are constantly evaluating our
manufacturing footprint globally including beyond Asia.

   In addition, the current Chinese administration has imposed an increased volume of regulation creating a more challenging environment for
non-Chinese companies operating in the region, including in the areas of intellectual property, trade, contract enforcement, data privacy, capital
markets and human rights. As a result, such regulations may have the effect of limiting our growth and market share in China, and disrupting
manufacturing and operations in the region.

    For example, on June 10, 2021, the National People’s Congress Standing Committee of the People’s Republic of China passed China's new
Anti-Foreign Sanctions Law. The Anti-Foreign Sanctions Law took immediate effect and allows China to take “retaliatory action” against any
“discriminatorily restrictive measures” imposed by foreign countries against Chinese organizations and citizens. As a result, China may impose
countermeasures against government and private entities and/or persons that formulate, implement or comply with any regulation deemed a



                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 24
Table of Contents


“discriminatorily restrictive measure.” Penalties may include denial of entry to China, prohibition of doing business in or with China, freezing of
assets and “any other necessary measures.”

    New or increased tariffs could adversely affect more or all of our products. There also are risks associated with retaliatory tariffs and resulting
trade wars. We cannot predict future trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, the terms of any renegotiated trade
agreements or treaties, or tariffs and their impact on our business. A trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the
world economy. To the extent that trade tariffs and other restrictions imposed by the United States or other countries increase the price of, or limit
the amount of, our products or components or materials used in our products imported into the United States or other countries, or create
adverse tax consequences, the sales, cost or gross margin of our products may be adversely affected and the demand from our customers for
products and services may be diminished. Uncertainty surrounding international trade policy and regulations as well as disputes and
protectionist measures could also have an adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending. If we deem it necessary to alter all or a portion
of our activities or operations in response to such policies, agreements or tariffs, our capital and operating costs may increase.

     In addition, as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, sanctions and trade restrictions have been imposed on Russia,
including banks, businesses, and individuals, by the U.S., the European Union and Switzerland. This conflict has driven and could continue to
drive economic uncertainty, including inflation, and component availability, among other things.

    Our ongoing efforts to address these risks may not be effective and may have long-term adverse effects on our operations and operating
results that we may not be able to reverse. Such efforts may also take time to implement or to have an effect and may result in adverse quarterly
financial results or fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. As a result, changes in trade policy and regulations in the United States and
other countries as well as changes in trade agreements and tariffs and sanctions imposed on Russia could adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition.

Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

    A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Therefore, we face exposure to movements in
currency exchange rates.

     Our primary exposure to movements in currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and operating expenses
worldwide. For fiscal year 2023, approximately 51% of our revenue was in non-U.S. denominated currencies. The weakening of currencies
relative to the U.S. Dollar adversely affects the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. If we raise international
pricing to compensate, it could potentially reduce demand for our products, adversely affecting our sales and potentially having an adverse
impact on our market share. Margins on sales of our products in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries and on sales of products that include
components obtained from suppliers in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries could be adversely affected by currency exchange rate
fluctuations. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the U.S. Dollar’s
strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. Competitive
conditions in the markets in which we operate may also limit our ability to increase prices in the event of fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
Conversely, strengthening of currency rates may also increase our product component costs and other expenses denominated in those
currencies, adversely affecting operating results. We further note that a larger portion of our sales than of our expenses are denominated in non-
U.S. denominated currencies.

    We use derivative instruments to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities
may not offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in currency exchange rates over the limited
time the hedges are in place and do not protect us from long term shifts in currency exchange rates.

    As a result, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could affect and have in the past adversely affected our business, operating results and
financial condition. Moreover, these exposures may change over time.




                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 25
Table of Contents


We are subject to risks related to our environmental, social and governance ("ESG") activities and disclosures.

     Concerns over climate change have resulted and may in the future result in new or additional legal, legislative and regulatory requirements
to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, which could result in future tax, transportation and other cost increases
that could adversely affect our business. Compliance with such requirements will also require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

    In addition, ESG reporting and disclosure requirements continue to evolve, with increasing global regulation and heightened investor
expectations. Companies must develop an expanded set of metrics and measures, data collection and processing, controls, and reporting
processes in order to meet regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations. Failure to promptly and accurately meet these expectations
and requirements may result in reputational and brand damage, regulatory penalties and litigation among other things.

As a company operating in many markets and jurisdictions, expanding into new growth categories, and engaging in acquisitions, and
as a Swiss, dual-listed company, we are subject to risks associated with new, existing and potential future laws and regulations.

     As we expand into new markets and product categories and acquire companies, businesses and assets, we must comply with a wide variety
of laws, standards and other requirements governing, among other things, health and safety, hazardous materials usage, product-related energy
consumption, conflict minerals, packaging, recycling, sustainability, environmental, child labor and human rights matters. Our products may be
required to obtain regulatory approvals and satisfy other regulatory concerns in the various jurisdictions where they are manufactured, sold or
both. Companies, businesses and assets that we acquire may not be in compliance with regulations in all jurisdictions. These requirements
create procurement and design challenges, which, among other things, require us to incur additional costs identifying suppliers and contract
manufacturers who can provide or obtain compliant materials, parts and end products. Failure to comply with such requirements can subject us
to liability, additional costs, and reputational harm and, in severe cases, force us to recall products or prevent us from selling our products in
certain jurisdictions. We also are subject to the SEC disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals,
which are mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, as well as procedures regarding a manufacturer’s efforts to
identify and prevent the sourcing of such minerals and metals produced from those minerals. The moral and regulatory imperatives to avoid
purchasing conflict minerals are causing us to incur additional expenses, could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in
manufacturing our products and could adversely affect the distribution and sales of our products.

     As a Swiss company with shares listed on both the SIX Swiss Exchange and the Nasdaq Global Select Market, we are also subject to both
Swiss and United States corporate governance and securities laws and regulations. In addition to the extra costs and regulatory burdens of our
dual regulatory obligations, the two regulatory regimes may not always be compatible and may impose disclosure obligations, operating
restrictions or tax effects on our business to which our competitors and other companies are not subject. For example, on January 1, 2023,
subject to certain transitional provisions, the revised Swiss Corporate Law incorporating the Swiss Federal Council Ordinance Against Excessive
Compensation at Public Companies, became effective. The revised Swiss Corporate Law among other things, (a) requires a binding shareholder
“say on pay” vote with respect to the compensation of members of our executive management and Board of Directors, (b) generally prohibits the
making of severance, advance, transaction premiums and similar payments to members of our executive management and Board of Directors,
(c) imposes other restrictive compensation practices, and (d) requires that our articles of incorporation specify various compensation-related
matters. Potential future initiatives relating to corporate governance or executive compensation, and Swiss voter sentiment in favor of such
regulations may increase our non-operating costs and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and members of
our Board of Directors.

    We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("U.S. GAAP")
which are subject to interpretation or changes by the Financial Accounting Standard Board ("FASB"), the SEC and other various bodies formed
to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. New accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting principles have
occurred in the past and are expected to occur in the future which may have a significant effect on our financial results or our compliance
with regulations.




                                            Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 26
Table of Contents


As a result of changes in tax laws, treaties, rulings, regulations or agreements, or their interpretation, of Switzerland or any other
country in which we operate, the loss of a major tax dispute or a successful challenge to our operating structure, intercompany
pricing policies or the taxable presence of our key subsidiaries in certain countries, or other factors, our effective income tax rates
may increase, which could adversely affect our net income and cash flows.

     As a result of the Federal Act on the Tax Reform and AHV Financing (“TRAF”), the canton of Vaud in Switzerland, where we are
incorporated, enacted tax reforms on March 10, 2020 that took effect as of January 1, 2020. As a result of the reform, Logitech will incur cash
income taxes that will increase over time as the deferred income tax benefit established in connection with the reform diminishes. The canton’s
tax authority is primarily delegated by the Swiss federal government and its implementation of TRAF in general or with respect to Logitech is
subject to Swiss federal review and challenge. Implementation of any material change in tax laws or policies or the adoption of new
interpretations of existing tax laws and rulings, or termination or replacement of our tax arrangements with the canton of Vaud, by Switzerland or
the canton of Vaud could result in a higher effective income tax rate, or a decreased tax asset, a charge to earnings and an accelerated pace of
increase in our effective income tax rate, or a combination of such impacts, on our worldwide earnings and any such change will adversely affect
our net income. Changes in our effective income tax rate may also make it more difficult to compare our net income and earnings per share
between periods.

     We operate in multiple jurisdictions and our profits are taxed pursuant to the tax laws of these jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rate
may be affected by changes in or interpretations of tax laws, treaties, rulings, regulations or agreements in any given jurisdiction, or changes in
international tax reform by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and similar organizations, utilization of net operating
loss and tax credit carryforwards, changes in geographical allocation of income and expense, and changes in management’s assessment of
matters such as the realizability of deferred tax assets. In the past, we have experienced fluctuations in our effective income tax rate. Our
effective income tax rate in a given fiscal year reflects a variety of factors that may not be present in the succeeding fiscal year or years. There is
no assurance that our effective income tax rate will not change in future periods.

     We file Swiss and foreign tax returns. We are frequently subject to tax audits, examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions. If any
tax authority successfully challenges our operational structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our key subsidiaries in
certain countries, if the terms of certain income tax treaties are interpreted in a manner that is adverse to our structure, or if we lose a material
tax dispute in any country, our effective income tax rate could increase. For example, policy changes in Switzerland, the United States or China
predicated on our presence in those countries could adversely affect where we recognize profit and our effective income tax rate. A material
assessment by a governing tax authority could adversely affect our profitability. If our effective income tax rate increases in future periods, our
net income and cash flows could be adversely affected.

We maintain cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions and are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by such financial
institutions.

    We maintain cash and cash equivalents with various creditworthy financial institutions and while we have a policy to limit exposure with any
one financial institution, we are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by financial institutions to the extent that cash balances with
individual financial institutions are in excess of amounts that are insured. If such institutions were to fail, we could lose all or a portion of amounts
held in excess of such insurance limits. Any material loss that we may experience in the future as a result could additionally have an adverse
effect on our ability to pay or could delay payments of our operational expenses and other payments, including in connection with our dividend,
share repurchases, payments to our vendors and employees and cause other operational impacts.

Risks Related to Confidential Information, Cybersecurity, Privacy, and Intellectual Property

Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information could adversely affect our business and result in significant
reputational, financial and legal consequences.

     We use and store confidential information, including but not limited to our business, financial, legal and governance information, as well as
personal information about our employees, members of our Board of Directors and customers. In addition, as a consumer electronics company,
our websites are an important presentation of our company, identity and brands and an important means of interaction with and source of
information for consumers



                                               Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 27
Table of Contents


of our products. We also rely on our centralized information technology systems for product-related information and to store intellectual property
and data, forecast our business, maintain financial records, manage operations and inventory, and operate other critical functions. We allocate
significant resources to maintain our information technology systems and deploy network security, data encryption, training and other measures
to protect against unauthorized access or misuse.

     Nevertheless, our websites and information technology systems have been and could continue to be subject to or threatened with, and are
susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, structural or operational failures, computer viruses,
ransomware and other malware, attacks by computer hackers and other third parties, employee error or malfeasance, phishing and other means
of social engineering, other data security issues, telecommunication failures, user error, employee or contractor negligence or malfeasance,
catastrophes, downtime due to system or software upgrades, integration or migration, or other foreseeable and unforeseen events. Such risks
extend not only to our own products, services, systems and networks, but also to those of customers, suppliers, contractors, business partners,
vendors, and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. To date, we are not aware of any such disruptions
or issues impacting our systems or products having resulted in security incidents with a material impact on us, individually or in the aggregate.

    Moreover, there is an increased risk that we may experience security breaches or incidents as a result of our employees, service providers
and third parties working remotely. In addition, our growth and increased frequency and sophistication of cyber and product security attacks may
increase the likelihood of our becoming a target of complex and damaging attacks that substantially disrupt operations and expose sensitive
data.

    While we have developed and implemented security measures and processes designed to protect against cyber and other security threats,
such measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing future security breaches. Moreover, we may need to
implement additional protective measures to reduce the risk of potential security breaches and security incidents, which could cause us to incur
significant additional expenses.

     Security incidents or breaches impacting the information we or our third-party service providers process or maintain, or our products,
websites or information technology systems may result in loss, unavailability, corruption, or unauthorized collection, use, disclosure or other
processing of personal data and other confidential information that we and our service providers maintain and otherwise process. Any such
incidents or breaches, or the belief or perception that any such matters have occurred could result in disruptions of our operations, loss of
intellectual property and loss, corruption, unavailability or other unauthorized processing of data. Any such event could also damage our brand
and reputation or otherwise harm our business, and could result in government enforcement actions, litigation and potential liability for us. Any of
these may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, potentially in a material manner.

    In addition, while we carry cyber insurance, we cannot be certain that our insurance will be sufficient to cover losses and liabilities resulting
from cyberattacks, security breaches and incidents, or other interruptions, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically
reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.

The collection, storage, transmission, use and distribution of personal data could give rise to liabilities and additional costs of
operation as a result of laws, governmental regulation and risks of data breaches and security incidents.

     In connection with our operations, we collect and otherwise process personal data, including that of our consumers. The processing of this
information is increasingly subject to legislation, regulations and enforcement in numerous jurisdictions around the world. Global data privacy
regulation is increasingly fragmented, with increasing enforcement efforts and penalties. Such fragmentation requires more complex and costly
compliance structures, while heightened enforcement increases the cost and reputational risk associated with even minor compliance errors. For
example, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which is applicable to us and to all companies processing data of people in the
European Union, imposes significant fines and sanctions for violation of the Regulation. Compliance with the GDPR's international transfer rules
has been made more difficult by the invalidation of the European Union-U.S. Privacy Shield and we are now required to put in place additional
privacy



                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 28
Table of Contents


protective measures for transfer of data of people in the European Union to certain countries outside of the European Economic Area. In the
United States, several states have adopted broad privacy laws. Such laws and regulations are typically intended to protect the privacy and
security of personal information and its collection, storage, transmission, use, disclosure and other processing. For example, California has
enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), which, among other things, requires covered companies to provide disclosures to
California consumers and afford such consumers abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Additionally, the California Privacy
Rights Act (the “CPRA”), was approved by California voters in November 2020. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA and has made
compliance more uncertain and complex. Additionally, other U.S. states continue to propose, and in certain cases adopt, privacy-focused
legislation. Other laws and regulations may follow, at state and federal levels.

     In addition, because various jurisdictions have different laws and regulations concerning the use, storage, transmission and other processing
of such information, we may face requirements that pose compliance challenges in existing markets as well as new international markets that we
seek to enter. The collection and processing of personal data also heightens the risk of security breaches and other data security issues related
to our IT systems and the systems of third-party data storage and other service and IT providers. Such laws and regulations, variation between
jurisdictions and risks presented by our processing of personal data could limit our ability to use data and develop new features and services,
subject us to increased costs, require allocation of additional resources and changes to our policies and practices, which may be difficult to
achieve in a commercially reasonable manner or at all. Any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with these laws, regulations, or other
actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy or the collection, use or other processing of personal data may lead to significant fines,
penalties, regulatory investigations, lawsuits, significant costs for remediation, damage to our reputation, or other liabilities, all of which could
adversely affect our business.

Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology could adversely affect our business.

     We have been expanding the categories of products we sell. We expect to continue to enter new categories and markets. As we do so, we
face an increased risk that claims alleging we infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of others, regardless of the merit of the
claims, may increase in number and significance. This risk is heightened by the persistent lawsuits brought by holders of patents that do not
have an operating business or are attempting to license broad patent portfolios Intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties
due to the complexity of the technical issues involved, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in defending ourselves against
intellectual property claims. A successful claimant could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or prevents us from
distributing certain products or performing certain services. We might also be required to seek a license for the use of such intellectual property,
which may not be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology,
which could require significant effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Any claims or proceedings against us, whether
meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation or the diversion of significant operational resources, or require us to enter
into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We may be unable to protect our proprietary rights. Unauthorized use of our technology may result in the development of products
that compete with our products.

    Our future success depends in part on our proprietary technology, technical know-how and other intellectual property. We rely on a
combination of patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws, and confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions such as nondisclosure terms and licenses, to protect our intellectual property.

     We hold various United States patents and pending applications, together with corresponding patents and pending applications from other
countries. It is possible that any patent owned by us will be invalidated, deemed unenforceable, circumvented or challenged, that the patent
rights granted will not provide competitive advantages to us, or that any of our pending or future patent applications will not be granted,
maintained or enforced. In addition, other intellectual property laws or our confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions may not
adequately protect our intellectual property. Also, others may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products, or design around
our patents or other intellectual property rights. Unauthorized parties have copied and may in the future attempt to copy aspects of our products
or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results.



                                              Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K | 29
Table of Contents



Risks Related to our Financial Results

Our operating results are difficult to predict and fluctuations in results may cause volatility in the price of our shares.

   Our revenues and profitability are difficult to predict due to the nature of the markets in which we compete, fluctuating user demand, the
uncertainty of current and future global economic conditions, and for many other reasons, including the following:

    •   Our operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter, which are difficult to forecast.
        Customers generally order on an as-needed basis and we typically do not obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our
        customers. As a result, our revenues in any quarter depend primarily on orders booked and shipped in that quarter.

    •   A significant portion of our quarterly retail sales typically occurs in the last weeks of each quarter, further increasing the difficulty in
        predicting quarterly revenues and profitability.

    •   Our sales are impacted by consumer demand and current and future global economic and political conditions, including inflation, foreign
        currency fluctuations, slowdown of economic activity around the world, in part due to rising interest rates, and lower consumer and
        e