 9 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 22 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 24 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 25 Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data 26 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 39 Item 8. Financial Statements 41 Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 48 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 75 Item 9B. Other Information 76 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 76 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 77 Item 11. Executive Compensation 77 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 77 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 78 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 78 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 79 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 81 Signatures 82 Table of Contents PART I Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This annual report and some documents incorporated by reference include estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We use words such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "may," "intends," "expects," and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Discussions containing forward-looking statements may be found under "Business", "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", and in other sections of this report. These statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on our expectations and assumptions concerning future events, and may turn out to be inaccurate. We have based these statements largely on our current expectations and projections that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Accordingly, they may be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties, including those described under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this report. The future events and circumstances discussed in this report may not occur as contemplated, and our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements in this report are made as of, and are based on information available to us, as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. This report references websites and other materials available on such websites. The information contained on, or accessible through, these websites is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form a part of, this report or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1. BUSINESS General lululemon athletica inc. is principally a designer, distributor, and retailer of technical athletic apparel, footwear, and accessories. Our vision is to create transformative products and experiences that build meaningful connections, unlocking greater possibility and wellbeing for all. Since our inception, we have fostered a distinctive corporate culture; we promote a set of core values in our business which include taking personal responsibility, acting with courage, valuing connection and inclusion, and choosing to have fun. These core values attract passionate and motivated employees who are driven to achieve personal and professional goals, and share our purpose "to elevate human potential by helping people feel their best." In this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2026, lululemon athletica inc. (together with its subsidiaries) is referred to as "lululemon," "the Company," "we," "us," or "our." We refer to the fiscal year ended February 1, 2026 as "2025," the fiscal year ended February 2, 2025 as "2024." Our next fiscal year ends on January 31, 2027 and is referred to as "2026." Components of this discussion of our business include: • Our Products • Our Markets and Segments • Integrated Marketing • Product Design and Development • Sourcing and Manufacturing • Distribution Facilities • Competition • Seasonality • Human Capital • Intellectual Property • Securities and Exchange Commission Filings 1 Table of Contents Our Products We offer a comprehensive line of technical athletic apparel, footwear, and accessories marketed under the lululemon brand. Our apparel assortment includes: • Pants, shorts, tops, and jackets designed for a healthy lifestyle including athletic activities such as yoga, running, training, and most other activities; • Apparel designed for being on the move; and • Fitness-inspired accessories. We expect to continue to broaden our merchandise offerings through expansion across these product areas. Our design and development team continues to source technically advanced fabrics, with new feel and fit, and craft innovative functional features for our products. Through our vertical retail strategy and direct connection with our customers, whom we refer to as guests, we are able to collect feedback and incorporate unique performance and fashion needs into our design process. In this way, we believe we are better positioned to address the needs of our guests, helping us advance our product lines and differentiate us from our competitors. During 2025, our women's, men's, and accessories and other categories represented 63%, 24%, and 13% of net revenue, respectively. Our strategy within these categories include: • Women's - Our women's range remains core to our business, and we continue to innovate in bringing new performance fabrics and styles to attract and retain our guests; • Men's - Our men's range is a key pillar of our strategic growth plans. We believe net revenue from our men's range is growing as more guests discover the technical rigor and premium quality of our men's products, and are attracted by our distinctive brand; and • Accessories and other categories - We continue to innovate and introduce new product categories and expand our accessories assortment. We believe this is another way in which we can attract new guests and enable them to experience our products. Our Markets and Segments We operate in 30 countries around the world and organize our operations into four regional markets: Americas, China Mainland, Asia Pacific ("APAC"), and Europe and the Middle East ("EMEA"). We report three segments, Americas, China Mainland, and Rest of World, which is comprised of the APAC and EMEA regions on a combined basis. We operate an omni-channel retail model and aim to efficiently and effectively serve our guests in the ways most convenient to them. We continue to evolve and integrate our digital and physical channels in order to enrich our interactions 2 Table of Contents with our guests, and to provide a seamless omni-channel experience. We have invested in technologies which enable our omni-channel retailing model. Our capabilities differ by market and include: • Buy online pick up in store - guests can purchase our products via our website or digital app and then collect that product from a retail location; • Back-back room - our store educators can access inventory located at our other locations and have product shipped directly to a guest's address or a store; • Ship from store – we are able to fulfill e-commerce orders by accessing inventory at both our distribution centers and at our retail locations, expanding the pool of accessible inventory; • Returns processing – e-commerce guests are able to return products either online or in-store; and • One inventory pool – we are able to view and allocate the product held at our distribution centers to either our physical retail locations, or make it available to fulfill online demand. We operate a combination of physical retail locations and e-commerce services via our websites, other region-specific websites, third-party online marketplaces, and mobile apps. Our physical retail locations remain a key part of our growth strategy and we view them as a valuable tool in helping us build our brand and product line as well as enabling our omni-channel capabilities. We plan to continue to expand square footage and open new company-operated stores to support our growth objectives. Americas We have operated in the Americas for over 25 years. We opened our first ever store in Vancouver, Canada in 1998. In 2025, the net revenue we generated in the Americas represented 71% of our total net revenue. 2025 2024 (In thousands) Net revenue $ 7,847,044 $ 7,928,156 Net revenue change (1.0) % 3.9 % Our operations in the Americas are core to our business and we aim to maintain and grow our net revenue in this market through ongoing product innovation by increasing new style penetration, as well as improving our localized assortment by store and by market. We continue to build brand awareness through a product activation strategy which is aligned with our new product innovation, including leveraging our ambassadors. We also plan to continue to invest in our digital and omni-channel capabilities, relocate, optimize, and renovate our existing locations to reflect our updated store design, as well as strategically expand in certain markets through new store openings. We generate net revenue in the Americas through our lululemon branded retail locations which include different sizes of company-operated stores, outlets, pop-ups, and other temporary locations. We also serve our guests via our e-commerce website www.lululemon.com, our mobile app, our “Like New” re-commerce program, and through certain wholesale arrangements including fitness studios, athletic organizations, corporate sales, university campus retailers, and other organizations that we partner with to sell co-branded lululemon products. On September 10, 2024, we acquired the lululemon branded retail locations and operations in Mexico previously run by a third-party licensee. China Mainland We have operated in China for over a decade, opening our first store in China Mainland in fiscal 2014. In 2025, the net revenue we generated in China Mainland represented 16% of our total net revenue. 3 Table of Contents 2025 2024 (In thousands) Net revenue $ 1,754,799 $ 1,361,337 Net revenue change 28.9 % 41.3 % We have experienced net revenue growth in China Mainland and believe that as we continue to expand our operations and build our brand awareness, net revenue will continue to increase in this market. We continue to invest in brand building in our China Mainland segment, and our increased penetration of new product is also expected to drive revenue growth in China Mainland. We believe China Mainland net revenue growth will drive an increase in our overall international net revenue. We plan to continue to invest in China Mainland and expect the most company-operated store openings in 2026 to be in this market. We operate lululemon branded retail locations in China Mainland in a variety of different formats including different sizes of company-operated stores, outlets, pop-ups, and other temporary locations. We also serve our guests via our WeChat store and on third-party online marketplaces. Rest of World In 2025, the net revenue we generated in APAC and EMEA represented 13% of our total net revenue. 2025 2024 (In thousands) Net revenue $ 1,500,757 $ 1,298,633 Net revenue change 15.6 % 26.8 % We have experienced net revenue growth in APAC and EMEA and intend to continue to invest in these markets to build brand awareness, including leveraging global ambassadors. Where we identify growth opportunities, we plan to open new retail locations, including new EMEA and APAC markets in which we identify growth opportunities. We operate lululemon branded retail locations in these markets in a variety of different formats including different sizes of company-operated stores, outlets, pop-ups, and stores operated by third parties under license and supply arrangements. We also serve our guests via our country specific websites, our mobile app, and through regional third-party online marketplaces. Our Selling Channels We have a number of different channels in each market: Company-operated stores : In addition to serving as a venue to sell our products, our stores give us a direct connection to our guests, which we view as a valuable tool in helping us build our brand and product lines as well as enabling our omni-channel capabilities. Our retail stores are located primarily on street locations, in lifestyle centers, and in malls. Our sales per square foot were $1,426 and $1,574 for 2025 and 2024, respectively. Number of company-operated stores by market February 1, 2026 February 2, 2025 United States 379 374 Canada 71 71 Mexico 26 17 Americas 476 462 China Mainland 172 151 4 Table of Contents Number of company-operated stores by market February 1, 2026 February 2, 2025 Australia 34 33 South Korea 22 20 Hong Kong SAR 11 10 Japan 10 10 Singapore 9 7 New Zealand 8 8 Taiwan 7 8 Malaysia 5 5 Thailand 5 4 Macau SAR 3 2 APAC 114 107 United Kingdom 20 19 Germany 9 9 France 6 6 Ireland 4 4 Spain 3 3 Netherlands 2 2 Sweden 2 2 Italy 1 — Norway 1 1 Switzerland 1 1 EMEA 49 47 Rest of World 163 154 Total company-operated stores 811 767 E-commerce : We believe e-commerce is convenient for our guests and also allows us to reach and serve guests in markets beyond where our physical retail locations are based. We believe this channel is effective in building brand awareness, especially in new markets. We serve our guests via our e-commerce websites, other country and region-specific websites, third-party online marketplaces, and mobile apps. E-commerce net revenue includes our buy online pick up in store, back-back room, and ship from store omni-channel retailing capabilities. Other channels : We also use certain other distribution channels, generally with the goal of building brand awareness and providing broader access to our products. These other channels include: • Temporary locations - Our seasonal stores and pop-ups are typically opened for a short period of time, enabling us to serve guests during peak shopping periods in markets where we do not ordinarily have a physical location, or to expand access in markets where we see high demand at our existing locations. • Wholesale - We sell to partners that offer convenient access for both core and new guests, including fitness studios, athletic organizations, corporate sales, university campus retailers, and other organizations that we partner with to sell co-branded lululemon products. • Outlets - We utilize outlets to sell slower moving inventory and inventory from prior seasons at discounted prices. As of February 1, 2026, we operated 58 outlets, the majority of which were in the Americas. • Like New - Our re-commerce program allows guests to exchange their gently used lululemon products for merchandise credit. Those products are then verified and quality checked before being resold online at likenew.lululemon.com. We believe this program is a component of our circular ecosystem. • License and supply arrangements - We have license and supply arrangements with third parties that we enter into when we believe it will be beneficial to partner with third parties with significant experience and proven success in 5 Table of Contents certain target markets. Under these arrangements we have granted third parties the right to operate lululemon branded retail locations and to sell lululemon products on websites in specific countries. Number of retail locations operated by third parties by market February 1, 2026 February 2, 2025 United Arab Emirates 13 10 Saudi Arabia 9 8 Israel 8 7 Kuwait 4 4 Qatar 4 4 Turkey 3 — Belgium 2 — Bahrain 1 1 Denmark 1 — Total locations operated by third parties under license and supply arrangements 45 34 Integrated Marketing We believe we have an opportunity to expand our brand awareness and familiarity across many activities and categories including yoga, pilates, running, training, golf, and tennis. We have designed a multi-faceted strategy leveraging what guests know us for; our products, community, and experiences we create across stores and online. This strategy leverages owned and paid channels, our ambassador network, events, and content – to drive awareness, consideration, engagement, conversion, and ultimately loyalty at the global, regional, and local levels. Product Design and Development Our product design and development efforts are led by a team of researchers, scientists, engineers, and designers. Our team is comprised of athletes and users of our products who embody our design philosophy and dedication to premium quality. Our design and development team identifies trends based on market intelligence and research, proactively seeks the input of our guests and our ambassadors, and broadly seeks inspiration consistent with our goals of function, style, and technical superiority. Our team works closely with our suppliers to incorporate the latest in technical innovation and advanced fabric, bringing particular specifications to our products. We partner with independent inspection, verification, and testing companies, who conduct a variety of tests on our fabrics, testing performance characteristics including pilling, shrinkage, abrasion resistance, and colorfastness. We develop proprietary fabrics and collaborate with leading fabric and trims suppliers to manufacture fabrics and trims that we generally seek to protect through agreements, trademarks, and as trade-secrets. Sourcing and Manufacturing We obtain our fabrics and produce our products through a limited number of suppliers. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. The following presents information about our vendor distribution based on cost: • Product manufacturing - We work with approximately 51 vendors, five of which produced 47% of our products in 2025, with the largest manufacturer producing 15%. During 2025, 40% of our products were manufactured in Vietnam, 18% in Cambodia, 11% in Sri Lanka, 11% in Indonesia, and 7% in Bangladesh, and the remainder in other regions. • Fabrics - We work with a group of approximately 65 fabric suppliers. In 2025, 48% of our fabrics were produced by our top five fabric suppliers, with the largest manufacturer producing 20%. During 2025, 34% of our fabrics originated from Taiwan, 29% from China Mainland, 10% from South Korea, and 10% from Vietnam, and the remainder from other regions. • Other raw materials - We also source other raw materials which are used in our products, including content labels, elastics, buttons, clasps, and drawcords from suppliers located predominantly in APAC and China Mainland. We have long-standing relationships with many of our vendors and work closely with them to ensure a shared commitment to quality and ethical standards. We do not, however, have any long-term contracts with the majority of our suppliers or manufacturing sources for the production and supply of our fabrics and garments, and we compete with other 6 Table of Contents companies for fabrics, raw materials, and production. Our product quality and sustainability teams closely assess and monitor each supplier's compliance with applicable laws and our Vendor Code of Ethics, using leading inspection and verification firms. Distribution Facilities We operate and distribute finished products from our distribution facilities in the United States, Canada, and Australia, where we own our distribution center in Groveport, Ohio, and lease other distribution facilities. In our other markets we utilize third-party logistics providers to operate, warehouse, and distribute finished products from their warehouse locations. We regularly evaluate our distribution infrastructure and consolidate or expand our distribution capacity as we believe appropriate for our operations and to meet anticipated needs. Competition Competition in the athletic apparel industry is based principally on brand image and recognition as well as product quality, innovation, style, distribution, and price. We believe we successfully compete on the basis of our premium brand image, our technical product innovation, and our commitment to creating highest quality product for our guests. We also believe our ability to introduce new product innovations, combine function and style, and connect through in-store, online, and community experiences can set us apart from our competition. In addition, we believe our vertical retail distribution strategy and community-based marketing differentiates us further, allowing us to more effectively control our brand image and connect with our guests. The market for athletic apparel is highly competitive. It includes increasing competition from established companies that are expanding their production and marketing of performance products, as well as from frequent new entrants to the market. We are in direct competition with global as well as regional and country-specific wholesalers and direct sellers of athletic apparel and footwear. Seasonality Our business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the retail apparel industry. Net revenue is typically larger during our fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting our historical strength in sales during the holiday season in the Americas, while our operating expenses are generally more equally distributed throughout the year. As a result, a substantial portion of our operating profits are typically generated in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. For example, we generated approximately 37% of our full year operating profit during the fourth quarter of 2025. Events predominantly impacting our international net revenue, such as those related to Lunar New Year and Singles Day, can fall in different fiscal quarters from year to year. Human Capital In 2025, we launched Impact Agenda 2030, which sets out our vision, strategy, and set of goals to guide our impact work, and is composed of two pillars - People and Planet. Details can be found on our website. The People pillar of our Impact Agenda focuses on wellbeing for our employees, supply chain, and community. Employee Wellbeing We believe our people are fundamental to our business. We strive to create a workplace where individuals feel respected and valued, and have the resources and support to grow and thrive. Our goal is to elevate employee wellbeing through a culture of high performance and high care, which we believe leads to higher employee retention and productivity. We have an ongoing feedback approach to gain insights into our workforce composition and gather measurable data on employees' feelings of engagement, inclusion, and belonging. We regularly review our policies, programs, and practices to help ensure they support a fair and inclusive workplace. We also see strong engagement across our global employee base for inclusion-focused education and training, which helps us reflect a variety of perspectives and better meet the needs of the communities we serve. We strive to maintain equal pay within our global employee population, meaning equal pay for equal work by geography. We have achieved gender pay equity globally and full pay equity in the United States and have continued to maintain it based on periodic analysis. (1) (1) We define full pay equity as including gender and race. Our analyses are point-in-time and may vary as workforce composition and roles evolve. 7 Table of Contents As of February 1, 2026, we had approximately 39,000 employees worldwide. We understand that health and wealth programs need to offer choice at all stages of life. Our current offerings include, among other things: • Competitive compensation which rewards exceptional performance; • A Fund your Future program for eligible employees which offers partial contribution matches to a pension plan and employee share purchase plan; • An annual paid VALUES (Volunteer, Awareness, Life, Unity, Empowerment, Support) Day, competitive paid time off, and sick leave; • An employee discount program, which includes a lifetime discount to celebrate the contribution of our long-tenured employees to keep them within our collective, even when they have moved on to pursue goals outside of lululemon; • Reimbursement programs that support physical activity; • A parenthood program that provides all eligible employees up to six months of paid leave; • An employee assistance program which provides free confidential support to all our employees and their families in a variety of areas including mental wellbeing, financial services, and advice for new parents; and • Training and development of all of our employees including, but not limited to, vision and goals, leadership development, coaching and mentorship programs, global internships, and our Impact Fellowship program that connects employees with non-profit partners. Supply Chain Wellbeing We strive to work with suppliers that share our values and collaborate with us to uphold ethical standards, address systemic challenges, and support the wellbeing of workers in the supply chain. Our Responsible Supply Chain program is built on three pillars: • Monitoring - Assessing and, in collaboration with suppliers, improving working conditions in facilities. • Integration - Integrating responsible purchasing practices across key lululemon strategies, processes, and tools. • Collaboration - Working with multi-stakeholder organizations, industry, and suppliers to support systemic change and impact. Our Vendor Code of Ethics outlines our expectations of suppliers, and our policies are informed by international human and labor rights standards and guidelines. We approve new suppliers and facilities only after determining that they meet, in all material respects, the requirements of our New Vendor Approval Process, which evaluates adherence to worker rights and labor practices as outlined by the Vendor Code of Ethics, environmental practices, and core business factors such as quality, sourcing, and production at the facility level. 8 Table of Contents Our Responsible Recruitment & Employment Standard sets out the minimum requirements for the recruitment, selection, hiring, and management of migrant workers by or on behalf of our vendors, their service providers, and labor recruiters. Community Wellbeing We aim to foster mental health and wellbeing through movement and mindfulness. During 2025, we achieved our goal to invest a total of $75.0 million to advance equity in wellbeing. Intellectual Property We have trademark rights on many of our products and believe having distinctive marks that are readily identifiable is an important factor in building our brand image and in distinguishing our products from the products of others. We consider our lululemon and wave design trademarks to be among our most valuable assets. In addition, we own many other trademarks for the names of several of our brands, slogans, fabrics and products. We own registered and pending U.S. and foreign utility and design patents, industrial designs in Canada, and registered community designs in Europe that protect our product innovations, distinctive apparel, and accessory designs. Securities and Exchange Commission Filings We provide free access to various reports that we file with, or furnish to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, through our website www.lululemon.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed or furnished. These reports include, but are not limited to, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports. Our SEC reports can also be accessed through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Also available on our website are printable versions of our Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and charters of the standing committees of our board of directors. Information contained on or accessible through our websites is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this annual report or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any of the progression, resultant effects, or outcome of these risks. Risks related to our business and industry Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand value and reputation. The lululemon name is integral to our business and our expansion strategies. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high-quality product, and guest experience. Our brand positioning, products, and marketing efforts may not be considered distinct, culturally relevant, or desirable to guests, employees, and other stakeholders. Our brand and reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity, if we fail to deliver innovative and high-quality products acceptable to our guests, or if we face or mishandle a product recall, which could be amplified by social media. Our reputation could also be impacted by adverse publicity, whether or not valid, regarding allegations that we, or persons currently or previously associated with us, have violated laws or regulations, including but not limited to those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistle-blowing, privacy, corporate citizenship, improper business practices, or cybersecurity. Certain activities on the part of stakeholders, including nongovernmental organizations and governmental institutions, could cause reputational damage, distract senior management, and disrupt our business. Additionally, while we devote considerable effort and resources to protecting our intellectual property, if these efforts are not successful the value of our brand may be harmed. Any harm to our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We operate in a highly competitive market and our competitors may compete more effectively than we can, resulting in a loss of our market share and a decrease in our net revenue and profitability. The market for our products is highly competitive. Competition may result in pricing pressures, reduced profit margins or lost market share, or a failure to grow or maintain our market share, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations. We compete directly against global as well as regional and country-specific wholesalers and direct 9 Table of Contents retailers of athletic apparel, including large, diversified apparel companies with substantial market share, and established companies expanding their production and marketing of technical athletic apparel, as well as against smaller retailers and those specifically focused on women's athletic apparel. We also face competition from wholesalers and direct retailers of traditional commodity athletic apparel, such as cotton T-shirts and sweatshirts. Many of our competitors are large apparel and sporting goods companies with strong worldwide brand recognition. Because of the fragmented nature of the industry, we also compete with other apparel sellers, including those specializing in yoga apparel and other activewear. Our competitors may be able to achieve and maintain brand awareness and market share more quickly and effectively than we can. We may fail to acknowledge or react appropriately to the entry or growth of a viable competitor or disruptive force, and could struggle to continue to innovate, differentiate, and sustain the value of our brand. Our brand presence and visibility in certain markets may encourage some guests to try or migrate to emerging competitors. In addition, because we hold limited patents and exclusive intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics or processes underlying our products, our current and future competitors are able to manufacture and sell products with performance characteristics, fabrication techniques, and styling similar to ours. Even when these products infringe our intellectual property rights, we may not be able to identify all infringing parties, enforce our rights effectively, or obtain timely and meaningful relief. If "dupe" or imitation products proliferate, whether through traditional retail channels or social media-driven trends, and lead consumers to perceive less differentiation between our products and lower-priced alternatives, our ability to maintain our brand premium, drive net revenue growth, and sustain our profitability could be adversely affected. If we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences and successfully develop and introduce new, innovative, and differentiated products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our sales and profitability. Our success depends on our ability to identify and originate product trends as well as to anticipate and react to changing consumer preferences on a timely basis and effectively. Our products are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be anticipated with certainty. If we are unable to introduce new products or technologies on a timely basis, or if our new offerings are not accepted by guests, competitors may introduce similar products more quickly, which could undermine our goal to be viewed as a leader in technical athletic apparel innovation. Our new products may not meet consumer needs and consumer preferences could shift rapidly to different types of athletic apparel or away from the types of products we make altogether, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. Our failure to anticipate and respond effectively to changing consumer preferences could lead to, among other things, lower sales, lower margins, and excess inventory levels. We may not have or successfully leverage relevant data to effectively understand and react to consumer preferences and expectations. Even if we are successful in anticipating consumer preferences, our ability to adequately react to and address those preferences will in part depend upon our continued ability to develop and introduce innovative, high-quality products. Our failure to effectively introduce new products that are accepted by consumers could result in a decrease in net revenue and excess inventory levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. If any of our products have manufacturing or design defects or are otherwise unacceptable to us or our guests, our business could be harmed. We have occasionally received, and may in the future receive, product shipments that fail to comply with our specifications or conform to our quality standards. We have also received, and may in the future receive, products that are otherwise unacceptable to us or our guests, including if they fail to meet quality, performance, and fit expectations. Under these circumstances, unless we are able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, we risk the loss of net revenue resulting from the inability to sell those products and related increased administrative and shipping costs. Additionally, if the unacceptability of our products is not discovered until after such products are sold, our guests could lose confidence in our products, we could face a product recall, we could have regulatory exposure, and our results of operations could suffer and our business, reputation, and brand could be harmed. The hardware previously sold by our lululemon Studio subsidiary, as well as services currently offered, can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by lululemon Studio, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products. Defects may also exist in components and products that we source from third parties. Any defects could make our products unsafe and create a risk of property damage or personal injury. The occurrence of real or perceived defects in any of our products, now or in the future, could result in negative publicity, regulatory investigations, or lawsuits filed against us. 10 Table of Contents Our sales and profitability may decline as a result of increasing costs and decreasing selling prices. Our business is subject to pressure on costs and pricing caused by many factors, including tariffs, intense competition, constrained sourcing capacity, inflationary pressure, the availability of qualified labor and wage inflation, pricing pressure from consumers, and changes in consumer demand. These and other factors have, and may in the future, cause us to experience increased costs, reduce our selling prices or experience reduced sales in response to increased prices, any of which could cause our operating margin to decline if we are unable to offset these factors with reductions in operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Unionization efforts or other employee organizing activities could lead to higher people costs or reduce our flexibility to manage our employees which may negatively disrupt our operations. Our results of operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast guest demand for our products. To ensure adequate inventory supply, we forecast inventory needs and place orders with our manufacturers based on estimates of future demand. Our ability to forecast demand for our products could be affected by many factors, including an increase or decrease in demand for our or our competitors' products, our failure to accurately forecast guest acceptance of new products, product introductions by competitors, unanticipated changes in market conditions (for example, because of global economic conditions such as inflation, an economic downturn, or local and international shipping delays and labor shortages), and weakening of economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions (for example, because of inflationary pressures, or because of sanctions, restrictions, and other responses related to geopolitical events). If we fail to accurately forecast guest demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale. Inventory levels in excess of demand may result in inventory write-downs or write-offs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which would cause our gross margin to suffer and could impair the strength and exclusivity of our brand. Conversely, if we underestimate demand, our manufacturers may not be able to deliver products to meet our requirements, and this could result in damage to our reputation and guest relationships. Our limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new international markets and new product categories may limit our expansion and cause our business and growth to suffer. Our future growth depends in part on our expansion efforts outside of the Americas. We have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices internationally, and we may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in any new market. In connection with our expansion efforts, we may encounter obstacles we did not face in the Americas, including cultural and linguistic differences, differences in regulatory environments, labor practices and market practices, difficulties in keeping abreast of market, business and technical developments, and international guests' tastes and preferences. We may also encounter difficulty expanding into new international markets because of limited brand recognition leading to delayed acceptance of our technical athletic apparel by guests in these new international markets. Our failure to develop our business in new international markets or disappointing growth outside of existing markets could harm our business and results of operations. In addition, our growth depends in part on our ability to expand product categories and introduce new product lines. We may not be able to successfully manage integration of new product categories or the new product lines with our existing products. Successfully selling new product categories and lines will require developing and testing different strategies. We may be unsuccessful in entering new product categories and developing or launching new product lines, which requires management of new suppliers, potential new customers, and new business models. We may not have the experience of selling in these new product categories and we may not be able to grow as planned. For example, we acquired MIRROR in 2020, which was rebranded as lululemon Studio, and in 2023, we discontinued selling its hardware and offering its digital app-only subscription. If we are unable to effectively and successfully further develop current and future new product categories and lines, we may not be able to increase or maintain our sales and our operating margins may be adversely affected. This may also divert the attention of management and cause additional expenses. We may, from time to time, evaluate and pursue other strategic investments or acquisitions. These involve various inherent risks and the benefits sought may not be realized. Our future success is dependent on the service of our senior management and our ability to maintain our culture and to attract, manage, and retain highly qualified individuals. The performance of our senior management team and other key employees and contractors may not meet our needs and expectations. Also, the loss of services of any of these key individuals, or any negative public perception with respect to 11 Table of Contents these individuals, may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business and could have a negative impact on our ability to manage and grow our business effectively. Such disruption could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance, financial condition, and the market price of our stock. If we are unable to successfully maintain and evolve our unique culture, offer competitive compensation and benefits, and a desirable work model, we may be unable to attract and retain qualified individuals to support our business and growth. Our work model may not meet the needs and expectations of our employees and may not be perceived as favorable compared to other companies. We also face risks related to employee engagement and productivity which could result in increased headcount and labor costs. Our Chief Executive Officer stepped down effective January 31, 2026, and we appointed interim co-Chief Executive Officers to lead during a transition period while we conduct a search for a permanent Chief Executive Officer. In addition, we have had other recent changes at the senior executive level. These changes may create uncertainty and divert management’s attention and resources. We may not identify or attract a permanent successor on a timely basis, and a prolonged search could extend uncertainty and heighten the risks described in this paragraph. Our interim leadership model may not align with expectations of employees, vendor partners, or other external stakeholders, and could negatively affect our operations, strategic initiatives, employee engagement, and retention. These changes may also lead to negative public perception, including among consumers and our brand community. Any resulting disruption could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial performance, or the market price of our stock. We may not be able to effectively manage our growth and the increased complexity of our business and as a result our brand image and financial performance may suffer. We may be unable to achieve our growth objectives if we do not have the right level of efficiency and scalability in our processes and operations. We may experience difficulties in obtaining sufficient raw materials and manufacturing capacity, as well as delays in production and shipments, as our products are subject to risks associated with overseas sourcing and manufacturing. We could be required to continue to expand our sales and marketing, product development and distribution functions, to upgrade our information systems and other processes and technology, and to obtain more space for our expanding workforce. Expansion could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties, including in hiring, training, and managing an increasing number of employees. These difficulties could result in the erosion of our brand image and a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Changes in consumer shopping preferences, and shifts in distribution channels could materially impact our results of operations. We operate an omni-channel retail model and aim to efficiently and effectively serve our guests in the ways most convenient to them. We operate a combination of physical retail locations and e-commerce services via our websites, other region-specific websites, third-party online marketplaces, and mobile apps. The rapid rise of artificial intelligence ("AI")‑enabled shopping tools may reduce our control over consumer decision‑making and brand loyalty, as third‑party AI platforms increasingly influence product discovery and purchases on behalf of customers. Our physical retail locations remain a key part of our growth strategy and we view them as a valuable tool in helping us build our brand and product line as well as enabling our omni-channel capabilities. We plan to continue to expand square footage and open new company-operated stores to support our growth objectives. The diversion of sales from our company-operated stores could adversely impact our return on investment and could lead to impairment charges and store closures, including incurring lease exit costs. We could have difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through direct channels. Our failure to successfully integrate our digital and physical channels and respond to these risks might adversely impact our business and results of operations, as well as damage our reputation and brand. In addition, our channels have different operating margins and shifts to diversified distribution channels could negatively impact our overall operating margins and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with leasing retail and distribution space subject to long-term and non-cancelable leases. We lease the majority of our stores and many of our distribution centers, and our inability to secure appropriate real estate or lease terms could impact our operations or ability to deliver our products to the market. Our leases generally have initial terms of between two and 15 years, and generally can be extended in increments between two and five years, if at all. We generally cannot cancel these leases at our option. If an existing or new store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, as we have done in the past and may do in the future, we may nonetheless remain obligated under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Similarly, we may be committed to perform our obligations even if current locations of our stores become unattractive as demographic patterns change. In addition, as our leases expire, we may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could require us to close stores in desirable locations. 12 Table of Contents Our business is affected by seasonality, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results. Our business is affected by the seasonal trends common to the retail apparel industry. Our annual net revenue is typically weighted more heavily toward our fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting sales during the holiday season in the Americas, while our operating expenses are more equally distributed throughout the year. Events predominantly impacting our international net revenue, such as those related to Lunar New Year and Singles Day, can fall in different fiscal quarters from year to year. Seasonality, along with other factors that are beyond our control such as weather conditions and the effects of climate change, could adversely affect our business and cause our results of operations to fluctuate. Risks related to global economic, political, and regulatory conditions Changes to U.S. tariff and customs policy, including the elimination of the de minimis exemption, have and may further materially increase product costs and negatively affect margins. As a result of the increased tariffs since April 2025, the cost of inventory in the United States has increased. The United States also eliminated the de minimis duty-free exemption for certain shipments effective May 2, 2025, and an Executive Order extends this elimination globally beginning August 29, 2025, with legislation enacted to repeal the statutory exemption entirely by July 1, 2027. The countries from which we source the majority of our products are now subject to higher tariffs on imports into the United States. Further, the majority of our sales to U.S. e-commerce guests are currently fulfilled from distribution centers in Canada, and historically a significant proportion of these orders qualified for the de minimis exemption. The removal of this exemption increases the cost of fulfilling those orders. As a result, more shipments are now subject to duties, taxes, and customs procedures, which increased product costs during 2025, and which we expect to continue into 2026 and beyond. We are taking steps designed to mitigate some of the financial impact, although we expect the tariff and de minimis changes to adversely affect product costs, gross profit, and income from operations. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court invalidated tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Power Act and immediately after, the U.S. Administration initiated new tariffs at different rates under alternative legislative powers, which increases the uncertainty around tariffs. There has been significant volatility in U.S. tariff and customs policy recently, with frequent changes in rates, sudden elimination or reinstatement of exemptions, shifts in implementation dates, and reversals of prior actions. In addition, there is uncertainty around how tariff rules will be applied to goods routed through third countries (transshipment) and potential changes to the valuation methodology used to calculate duty, including the first sale declaration program in the United States. Changes in tariff and customs policy and legislation could affect the level of duties imposed and our overall product costs. This volatility makes it more difficult to forecast costs, plan our global supply chain, and provide reliable financial guidance. Policy changes often require rapid operational adjustments that can increase costs and reduce efficiency. Announcements of tariff and custom changes, as well as our disclosures of their potential impacts, have at times contributed to fluctuations in our stock price. We expect such volatility and uncertainty to continue, posing ongoing challenges to our operations, financial planning, and investor communications. Macroeconomic volatility, inflationary pressures, and shifts in consumer sentiment may reduce demand for our products. Our performance depends on consumers’ willingness and ability to purchase discretionary products. That willingness can be affected by general economic conditions and uncertainty regarding the overall future environment, tariffs, inflation, changes in interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, energy and fuel costs, employment levels, consumer debt, housing market trends, commodity price volatility, and tax policy changes. Geopolitical instability, public health crises, and other macroeconomic events can also weaken consumer confidence. In 2025, we experienced lower store traffic in the Americas, partially reflective of inflationary pressures and economic uncertainty weighing on discretionary spending. Prolonged or worsening macroeconomic volatility could reduce demand, impair our ability to achieve growth targets, and materially impact our net revenue, margins, and cash flows. Global political and economic instability, including geopolitical conflicts and political polarization, could disrupt our operations and increase costs. We operate and source products across multiple international markets, and our ability to manage a global supply chain depends on stable economic and political conditions. Global instability, trade disputes, changes in customs treatment including de minimis thresholds, alterations in duty or tariff levels, sanctions, embargoes, or other governmental actions may increase costs, lengthen lead times, or require us to adjust sourcing or distribution strategies. Legislation such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, and similar measures in other jurisdictions, increases compliance obligations, supply chain due diligence requirements, and the risk of shipment delays or detentions. If additional trade restrictions or compliance requirements are enacted, or enforcement becomes more stringent, our sourcing, importation, and delivery capabilities could 13 Table of Contents be materially affected, resulting in increased costs and operational disruptions. In addition, heightened geopolitical tensions, including potential conflicts involving Taiwan or other regions where our suppliers are concentrated, could disrupt our supply of raw materials and finished goods. A significant portion of our technical fabrics originates from Taiwan, and any military conflict, trade embargo, or disruption affecting that region could materially impact our ability to source materials and fulfill customer orders. Political polarization in the United States has also led to increased consumer activism, brand boycotts, and public pressure campaigns targeting companies based on their perceived political or social positions. Whether or not we take public positions on social or political issues, we could face reputational harm, reduced consumer demand, or employee relations challenges if we are perceived as aligned or misaligned with particular viewpoints. These dynamics could adversely affect our brand, guest relationships, and results of operations. Trade restrictions, tariffs, and customs changes could disrupt our supply chain and compress margins. Our business depends on the efficient, predictable, and cost-effective movement of goods across borders. Governments may impose new tariffs, duties, quotas, customs regulations, or other trade restrictions, or modify the application of existing measures, including reductions in de minimis thresholds, new compliance requirements, or changes in enforcement priorities. These developments can increase product costs, delay shipments, disrupt sourcing, or require changes to our supply chain. If we are unable to offset these impacts through pricing, sourcing adjustments, or other measures, our margins, operational efficiency, and customer satisfaction could be adversely affected. Any price increases intended to offset these added costs could reduce consumer demand and negatively impact net revenue. Trade policy volatility, including frequent changes in rates, sudden elimination or reinstatement of exemptions, shifts in implementation dates, and uncertainty around transshipment rules, makes it more difficult to forecast costs, plan our global supply chain, and provide reliable financial guidance. Changes in tax laws, transfer pricing, or unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and profitability. We are subject to the income tax laws of the United States, Canada, China Mainland, and other international jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rates could be unfavorably impacted by changes in the mix of earnings amongst countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, new tax interpretations and guidance, the outcome of income tax audits, and any repatriation of unremitted earnings for which we have not previously accrued applicable income taxes and withholding taxes. Repatriations from our Canadian subsidiaries may be subject to Canadian withholding taxes depending on the amount of paid-up capital available. Since 2022, we have recognized Canadian withholding taxes on accumulated earnings which are not indefinitely reinvested and cannot be repatriated free of withholding tax. We expect to continue recognizing such taxes. We engage in a number of intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. Although we believe that these transactions reflect the accurate economic allocation of profit, the profit allocation and transfer pricing terms may be scrutinized by local tax authorities during an audit and any resulting changes may impact our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our bilateral Advance Pricing Arrangement ("APA") with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and Canada Revenue Agency ("CRA") expired at the end of 2020. During 2020, we entered into bilateral negotiations with the IRS and CRA to renew the APA, and in October 2025, the CRA withdrew from bilateral APA negotiations. We continue to apply our transfer pricing methodology but this may be subject to audit, and could result in changes to our profit allocation and effective tax rate. We are in the process of reapplying under the APA program and intend to file a new APA submission with the CRA and IRS in fiscal 2026. We are also negotiating an APA with China Mainland's State Tax Administration, the outcome of which could impact our effective tax rate. Current economic and political conditions make tax rules in any jurisdiction subject to significant change. Changes in applicable U.S., Canadian, Chinese, or other international tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our income tax expense and profitability. On July 4, 2025, the U.S. passed the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA"), which includes the permanent extension of certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, the immediate expensing of domestic research and experimental expenditures, the reinstatement of accelerated depreciation for qualified property, and modifications to the international tax provisions including changes to the global intangible low-tax income ("GILTI"), the foreign-derived intangible income ("FDII") and the base erosion and anti-abuse tax ("BEAT") provisions. On January 5, 2026, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD") released administrative guidance containing a Side-by-Side ("SbS") system which modifies the operation of the OECD's Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion ("GloBE") Model Rules. The SbS system provides a safe harbor for multinational enterprise ("MNE") groups with an ultimate parent entity in the US, which will exempt a US headquartered MNE group from the application of two of the three Pillar Two top-up taxes. We are currently evaluating the impact of these tax law changes on our financial statements and they may impact our income tax expense, profitability, and capital allocation decisions. 14 Table of Contents Our failure to comply with trade and other regulations could lead to investigations or actions by government regulators and negative publicity. The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing, and sale of our products, as well as components of our products, including chemicals, are subject to regulation by various regulatory bodies. These include federal agencies such as the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Product Safety Commission and state attorneys general in the United States, the Competition Bureau and Health Canada in Canada, the State Administration for Market Regulation of the PRC, General Administration of Customs of the PRC, as well as other federal, state, provincial, local, and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products are distributed or sold. Our ability to track and respond to regulations may not be sufficient to meet the increased number and complexity of regulations we are subject to globally. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could become subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of significant penalties or claims, which could harm our results of operations or our ability to conduct our business. In addition, any audits and inspections by governmental agencies related to these matters could result in significant settlement amounts, damages, fines, or other penalties, divert financial and management resources, and result in significant legal fees. An unfavorable outcome of any particular proceeding could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing regulations, or changes in consumer perceptions of the components of our products, may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and could impair the marketing of our products, resulting in significant loss of net revenue. Our international operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. In many countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be a local custom that businesses operating in such countries engage in business practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other U.S. and international laws and regulations applicable to us. As we expand our operations across multiple jurisdictions, we could be subject to conflicting laws, or differing consumer sentiment on application of laws, that could lead to non-compliance which could have an adverse effect on our operations. Although we have implemented procedures designed to ensure compliance with the FCPA and similar laws, some of our employees, agents, or other partners, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, could take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation could have a material and adverse effect on our business. As we expand internationally, we are subject to complex employee regulations, and if we fail to comply with these regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions or negative employee relations which could harm our results of operations. Because a significant portion of our net revenue and expenses are generated in countries other than the United States, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have affected our results of operations and may continue to do so in the future. The functional currency of our international subsidiaries is generally the applicable local currency. Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. Therefore, the net revenue, expenses, assets, and liabilities of our international subsidiaries are translated from their functional currencies into U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the U.S. dollar exchange rates affect the reported amounts of net revenue, expenses, assets, and liabilities. We also have exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates associated with transactions which are undertaken by our subsidiaries in currencies other than their functional currency. These include intercompany transactions and inventory purchases denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the purchasing entity. As a result, we have been impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be impacted for the foreseeable future. The potential impact of currency fluctuation increases as our international expansion increases. Although we use financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency risks, these measures may not fully offset the negative impact of foreign currency rate movements. We are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to forward currency contracts used in our hedging strategies. Our financial condition could be adversely affected by public health crises. The occurrence of global or regional public health crises, such as pandemics or epidemics, and the related governmental and private sector responses, could reduce store traffic and consumer spending, result in temporary or permanent closures of retail locations, offices, and factories, and negatively impact the flow of goods. Such events could cause health officials to impose restrictions and recommend precautions that disrupt our operations, reduce consumer willingness to visit stores, and 15 Table of Contents negatively affect employee availability. Health events may also cause long-term changes to consumer shopping behavior, preferences, and demand for our products. Risks related to our supply chain Disruptions of our supply chain, which is dependent on international suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our operating and financial results. Disruption of our supply chain capabilities due to trade restrictions, political instability, war (including the conflicts in the Middle East), terrorism, severe weather, natural disasters, public health crises, product recalls, labor supply shortages or stoppages, the financial or operational instability of key suppliers and carriers, changes in diplomatic or trade relationships (including any sanctions, restrictions, tariffs, and other responses such as those related to current geopolitical events), or other reasons could impair our ability to distribute our products. To the extent we are unable to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, there could be a material adverse effect on our operating and financial results. In addition, we do not manufacture our products or raw materials and rely on suppliers and manufacturers located predominantly in APAC and China Mainland. We also source other materials used in our products, including items such as content labels, elastics, buttons, clasps, and drawcords, from suppliers located primarily in this region. Based on cost, during 2025: • Approximately 40% of our products were manufactured in Vietnam, 18% in Cambodia, 11% in Sri Lanka, 11% in Indonesia, and 7% in Bangladesh, and the remainder in other regions; and • Approximately 34% of the fabric used in our products originated from Taiwan, 29% from China Mainland, 10% from South Korea, 10% from Vietnam, and the remainder from other regions. Our concentration of fabric sourcing in Taiwan exposes us to geopolitical risks, including the possibility of military conflict, trade restrictions, or disruptions affecting that region. The entire apparel industry, including our company, could face supply chain challenges as a result of the impacts of global public health crises, political instability, inflationary pressures, macroeconomic conditions, and other factors, including reduced freight availability and increased costs, port disruption, manufacturing facility closures, and related labor shortages and other supply chain disruptions. Our supply chain capabilities may be disrupted due to these or other factors, such as severe weather, natural disasters, war or other military conflicts, terrorism, labor supply shortages or stoppages, the financial or operational instability of key suppliers or the countries in which they operate, or changes in diplomatic or trade relationships (including any sanctions, restrictions, and other responses to geopolitical events). Any significant disruption in our supply chain capabilities could impair our ability to procure or distribute our products, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. A relatively small number of vendors supply and manufacture a significant portion of our products, and losing one or more of these vendors could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Many of the specialty fabrics used in our products are technically advanced textile products developed and manufactured by third parties and may be available, in the short term, from only one or a limited number of sources. We have no long-term contracts with any of our suppliers or manufacturers for the production and supply of our raw materials and products, and we compete with other companies for fabrics, other raw materials, and production. During 2025, we worked with approximately 51 vendors to manufacture our products and 65 suppliers to provide the fabric for our products. Based on cost, during 2025: • Approximately 47% of our products were manufactured by our top five vendors, the largest of which produced approximately 15% of our products; and • Approximately 48% of our fabrics were produced by our top five fabric suppliers, the largest of which produced approximately 20% of fabric used. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials and may be unable to locate alternative suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. In addition, if we experience significant increased demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier or manufacturer, we may be unable to locate additional supplies of fabrics or raw materials or additional manufacturing capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or we may be unable to locate any supplier or manufacturer with sufficient capacity to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner. Identifying a suitable supplier is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with its quality control, responsiveness and service, financial stability, and labor and other ethical practices. Even if we are able to 16 Table of Contents expand existing or find new manufacturing or fabric sources, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products, and quality control standards. Our supply of fabric or manufacture of our products could be disrupted or delayed by economic or political or global health conditions, and the related government and private sector responsive actions such as closures, restrictions on product shipments, and travel restrictions. Delays related to supplier changes could also arise due to an increase in shipping times if new suppliers are located farther away from our markets or from other participants in our supply chain. In addition, freight capacity issues continue to persist worldwide as there is much greater demand for shipping and reduced capacity and equipment. Any delays, interruption, or increased costs in the supply of fabric or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet guest demand for our products and result in lower net revenue and income from operations both in the short and long term. Our business could be harmed if our suppliers and manufacturers do not comply with our Vendor Code of Ethics or applicable laws. While we require our suppliers and manufacturers to comply with our Vendor Code of Ethics, which includes labor, health and safety, and environmental standards, we do not control their operations. If they do not comply with these standards or applicable laws or there is negative publicity regarding the production methods of any of our suppliers or manufacturers, even if unfounded or not specific to our supply chain, our reputation and sales could be adversely affected, we could be subject to legal liability, or could cause us to contract with alternative suppliers or manufacturing sources. The fluctuating cost of raw materials and the cost of producing our products could increase our cost of goods sold. The fabrics used to make our products include synthetic fabrics whose raw materials include petroleum-based products. Our products also include silver and natural fibers, including cotton. Our costs for raw materials are affected by, among other things, weather, consumer demand, speculation on the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the currencies of producer versus consumer countries, and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. Any and all of these factors may be exacerbated by global climate change. In addition, political instability, trade relations, sanctions, inflationary pressure, or other geopolitical or economic conditions could cause raw material costs to increase or impact availability and have an adverse effect on our future margins. Increases in the cost of raw materials, including petroleum or the prices we pay for silver and our cotton yarn and cotton-based textiles, could have a material adverse effect on our cost of goods sold, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. A significant portion of our products are produced in South and South East Asia and increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in the countries in this region could significantly increase our costs to produce our products and could have a negative impact on our operations and earnings. Factors that could negatively affect our business include labor shortages and increases in labor costs, labor disputes, pandemics, the impacts of climate change, difficulties and additional costs in transporting products manufactured from these countries to our distribution centers and significant revaluation of the currencies used in these countries, which may result in an increase in the cost of producing products. Also, the imposition of trade sanctions or other regulations against products imported by us from, or the loss of "normal trade relations" status with any country in which our products are manufactured, could significantly increase our cost of products and harm our business. If we encounter problems with our distribution system, our ability to deliver our products to the market and to meet guest expectations could be harmed. We rely on our distribution facilities for our product distribution. They utilize and rely on computer controlled and automated equipment, which means their operations may be subject to a number of risks related to malware, the proper operation of software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions, or other system failures. In addition, our operations could also be interrupted by labor shortages and disruptions, pandemics, the impacts of climate change, extreme or severe weather conditions or by floods, fires, or other natural disasters near our distribution centers. The concentration of our primary offices, several of our distribution centers, and a number of our stores along the west coast of North America could amplify the impact of a natural disaster occurring in that area to our business. If we encounter problems with our distribution system, our ability to meet guest expectations, manage inventory, complete sales, and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be harmed. 17 Table of Contents Risks related to information security and technology We may be unable to safeguard against security breaches which could damage our customer relationships and result in significant legal and financial exposure. We receive and maintain confidential, proprietary, and personally identifiable information, including for example, credit card information, and information about our customers, our employees, job applicants, and other third parties. Our business employs systems and websites that allow for the storage, transmission, and safeguarding of this information. However, despite our safeguards and security processes and protections, security breaches could occur and expose us to a risk of theft or misuse of this information, and could result in litigation and potential liability. The retail industry has been the target of recent cyberattacks. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate, detect, or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyberattacks. Attacks may be targeted at us, our vendors or customers, or others who have entrusted us with information. In addition, despite taking measures to safeguard our information security and privacy environment from security breaches, our customers and our business, including our supply chain, could still be exposed to risk. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs including to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. We have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyberattacks, including phishing, and other attempts to breach, or gain unauthorized access to, our systems. Although these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations to date, they may in the future. In addition, the increased use of employee-owned devices for communications as well as work-from-home arrangements present additional operational risks to our technology systems, including increased risks of cyberattacks. Advances in AI and other technological developments could increase the sophistication of cyberattacks and may result in the technology used by us to protect transaction or other data being breached or compromised. In addition, our increasing use of AI tools and technologies, including generative AI, introduces new security risks, such as the potential for adversarial manipulation of AI models, unintended data exposure through AI systems, or reliance on AI outputs that may be inaccurate or biased. Measures we implement to protect against cyberattacks may also have the potential to impact our customers' shopping experience or decrease activity on our websites by making them more difficult to use or requiring website downtime. Data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues including intentional or inadvertent breach, including by misusing AI, by employees or persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release or use of personal or confidential information, and we may in some cases be held responsible for such incidents under evolving privacy laws. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, and damage to our brand and reputation or other harm to our business. We are subject to an evolving cybersecurity, privacy, and AI regulatory environment, and failure to comply with new or existing requirements, including federal cybersecurity incident disclosure obligations, could result in regulatory enforcement and further financial or reputational harm. Emerging laws and regulations governing AI, including the European Union AI Act, China's generative AI regulations, and potential U.S. federal and state AI legislation, may impose new compliance obligations, restrict certain uses of AI technology, or require transparency regarding