 The Company’s operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below. Other risks are described in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto. The Company’s business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm the Company’s business, financial condition, or results of operations, or impair the Company’s ability to implement its strategic plans. In that case, the market price of the Company’s common stock could decline. The following risk factors are summarized as financial; operational; information technology, cybersecurity, and data privacy; and legal, regulatory, compliance, and reputational. Financial Risks • The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, and continued or future unfavorable economic conditions or economic uncertainty could negatively affect the Company’s results of operations and require the Company to adjust its business strategies. • The Company's business, strategic plans, and profitability can be significantly affected by the availability of jet fuel, fuel prices, and volatility of fuel prices, and the Company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel. • The Company’s low-cost structure has historically been a competitive advantage, and many factors have and could continue to adversely affect the Company’s ability to control its costs. • Increases in insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial results. • The Company’s business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans. • The airline industry is intensely competitive. Operational Risks 27 Table of Contents • The Company is currently dependent on Boeing as the sole manufacturer of the Company’s aircraft. If the MAX aircraft were to become unavailable for the Company’s operations, or if the Company were not able to procure future aircraft in a timely manner or on favorable commercial terms, the Company’s business plans, strategies, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. • Introducing a new aircraft manufacturer or fleet type could impose significant operational complexities, regulatory requirements, and costs on the Company. • The Company could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflict with its Employees or its Employees’ representatives or if the Company were unable to employ and retain appropriate numbers of qualified Employees to maintain its operations. • The Company is currently dependent on a single engine supplier, as well as single suppliers of certain other aircraft parts and equipment; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected (i) if it were unable to obtain timely or sufficient delivery of aircraft parts or equipment or adequate maintenance or other support, (ii) if suppliers were unable to achieve and/or maintain required regulatory certifications or approvals, or (iii) in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the Company’s aircraft parts or equipment. • The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, war, or other hostilities could significantly harm the airline industry and the Company’s operations. • Interruptions or disruptions in service at one of the Company’s core stations have had, and could in the future have, a material adverse impact on its operations. • The Company’s operations have been, and in the future may again be, materially and adversely disrupted by extreme weather events. The airline industry is made up of inherently complex systems and is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control. Information Technology, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks • The Company is heavily dependent on technology to operate its business; any failure, disruption, breach, or delay in the Company’s information systems or in implementation of necessary changes could materially adversely affect its operations. • The Company is increasingly exposed to cybersecurity attacks and data incidents impacting its IT Systems, and such incidents could have a disruptive and material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, or results of operations. • The Company is expanding its use of AI and machine-learning, and any failure in its related strategy, compliance with regulations, or risk management could materially adversely affect its operations, reputation, and/or financial position. Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks • The Company is subject to extensive government regulation that may disrupt or necessitate modifications to the Company’s operations, business plans, and strategies, or increase the Company’s operating costs. • Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the Company’s growth. • The Company is subject to various environmental requirements and risks; the cost of compliance with more stringent environmental regulations, failure to comply with environmental regulations, or failure to otherwise manage the risks of climate change effectively could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. • The Company is subject to risks related to its sustainability goals and disclosures, which may affect stakeholder sentiment and the Company’s reputation and brand. • The Company’s future results may suffer if it is unable to effectively manage its current and contemplated international operations or Extended Operations. • The Company’s plans to develop commercial relationships with airlines in other parts of the world may not produce the results or returns it expects. 28 Table of Contents • The Company is currently subject to regulatory actions and pending litigation, and judgment, penalties, or fines rendered against the Company could adversely affect the Company’s operating results. • Conflicting federal, state, and local laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and restrictions on the Company’s operations, which could increase the Company’s operating costs, result in service disruptions, and increase litigation risk. • The Company’s reputation and brand could be harmed if it were to experience significant negative publicity through social media or otherwise. • The Company’s business has been, and could in the future be, negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders, and such activism could adversely affect the strategic direction and business results of the Company. • The Company has adopted certain provisions in its Bylaws that could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, limit the ability of the Company’s Shareholders to bring a claim, or limit the ability of the Company’s Shareholders to bring a claim in certain judicial forums. Financial Risks The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions; in the event of continued or future unfavorable economic conditions or economic uncertainty, the Company's results of operations could be further negatively affected, which could require the Company to further adjust its business strategies. The airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, including changes in consumer discretionary spending as a result of inflation, rising interest rates, or other factors. Historically, unfavorable U.S. economic conditions have driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. For some consumers, leisure travel is a discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. Businesses and other travelers are able to forego air travel by using other communications such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. Further, some businesses allow their employees to work remotely and/or restrict non-essential travel for their employees, which has impacted the demand for business air travel. In addition, to the extent business travel demand increases, businesses may require the purchase of less expensive tickets to reduce costs. This, in turn, can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat. During unfavorable economic conditions, low fares are often used to stimulate traffic. However, offering low fares typically hampers the ability of airlines to counteract any increases in fuel, labor, and other costs. Consumer behavior related to traveling may be negatively impacted by adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including declines in income levels or disposable income, and/or loss of wealth resulting from the impact of economic conditions. Government foreign-relations actions, including tariffs and immigration policies, may also reduce the willingness of non-U.S. persons to travel to or within the United States, including by air. Any continuing or future U.S. or global economic uncertainty could further negatively affect the Company’s results of operations and could cause the Company to further adjust its business strategies. Additionally, because a significant portion of expenses to operate a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline’s operating and financial results. Therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. The Company's business can be significantly affected by the availability of jet fuel, fuel prices, and volatility of fuel prices and the Company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel; therefore, the Company's strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be affected by fuel availability, price increases, and fuel price volatility. Airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate, and jet fuel and oil represented approximately 19 percent of the Company's operating expenses for 2025. Even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect 29 Table of Contents profitability. The cost of fuel can be extremely volatile and unpredictable and is subject to many external factors and market expectations that are beyond the Company’s control. For example, fuel prices can be impacted by geopolitical, environmental (including those related to climate change), and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and potential or actual hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas or along global trade routes; (ii) limitations and/or disruptions in domestic refining or pipeline operations or capacity due to weather, natural disasters, or other factors; (iii) worldwide demand for fuel, particularly in developing countries, which can result in inflated energy prices; (iv) changes in U.S. governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, taxes, and marketing; (v) imposition of economic sanctions on oil-producing countries or specific industry participants; and (vi) changes in currency exchange rates. The Company is also reliant upon the readily available supply and timely delivery of jet fuel to the airports that it serves. A disruption in refinery production or related service and transportation operations affecting supply could present significant challenges to the Company’s operations and could ultimately cause the cancellation of flights and/or hinder the Company’s ability to provide service to a particular airport. In addition, the occurrence of extreme weather events (regardless of cause), such as flooding, acute or prolonged winter storms, tropical storms, and hurricanes, can also disrupt the jet fuel supply chain and affect fuel prices. The Company’s ability to mitigate the impact of fuel price increases or volatility through increased fares or fees could also be limited by the competitive nature of the airline industry and the unpredictability of the market for air travel. Passengers often purchase tickets well in advance of their travel, and the Company may not be able to increase fares, impose fuel surcharges, increase revenues, or decrease other operating costs sufficiently to offset rapid or prolonged fuel price increases. Further, the Company faces the risk that higher fares may drive a decrease in air travel demand generally or a disproportionate decrease in leisure travel due to price sensitivity. Conversely, prolonged periods of low fuel prices may hinder the Company’s ability to execute on its strategic initiatives as other carriers compete by offering lower fares, flying longer-haul routes, or increasing capacity. Historically, the Company attempted to manage its risk associated with volatile jet fuel prices by utilizing over-the-counter fuel derivative instruments to hedge a portion of its future jet fuel purchases. However, based on higher fuel hedging premium costs over time and other factors, the Company terminated its remaining fuel hedge positions in second quarter 2025 and does not intend to add new fuel derivatives to its portfolio. The Company may review its approach to hedging from time to time based on market conditions and other factors. Purchasing jet fuel at prevailing market prices, which could change substantially over short periods of time, may make the Company’s earnings more vulnerable to volatile fuel prices and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. If the Company were to resume its fuel hedging program in the future, it cannot guarantee that the fuel derivatives it uses will provide adequate protection against significant increases in fuel prices. In certain cases, the type of derivative instruments utilized could result in hedging losses, which could result in the Company effectively paying higher than market prices for fuel, thus creating additional volatility in the Company’s earnings. The Company’s ability to enter into fuel derivative instruments in the future could also be limited by market conditions. The Company’s prior period fuel hedging arrangements and the various potential impacts of hedge accounting on the Company’s financial position, cash flows, and results of operations are discussed in more detail under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” and in Note 1 and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect the Company's ability to control its costs. The Company’s low-cost structure has been one of its primary competitive advantages, as it has generally enabled the Company to offer low fares, drive traffic volume, grow market share, and protect profits. As discussed below under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” the Company has experienced significant inflationary cost pressure, particularly with respect to Salaries, wages, and benefits 30 Table of Contents expense. The Company’s low-cost structure can also be negatively impacted by costs over which the Company has limited control. These include costs such as fuel, labor (especially union labor), airport, and regulatory compliance costs. The Company’s ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective-bargaining agreements. These agreements include required work rules and wage‑rate provisions, as well as other negotiated terms, that may restrict the Company’s operational flexibility and result in increased staffing or scheduling inefficiencies, thereby pressuring its cost structure relative to certain competitors. The Company’s unionized workforce makes up approximately 84 percent of its Employees and many have had pay scale increases as a result of contractual rate increases, which has increased the Company’s labor costs. Further, in response to staffing challenges, the Company has increased the minimum pay for certain of its workforce and provided incentive pay in certain instances. If new or amended labor agreements include additional pay increases, work rule requirements, or other terms that further elevate costs, the Company’s competitive cost position could be adversely affected. As discussed under “Business - Regulation,” the airline industry is heavily regulated, and the Company’s regulatory compliance costs are subject to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by regulatory agencies that are out of the Company’s control. Additionally, because of airport infrastructure updates and other factors, the Company has experienced increased space rental rates at various airports in its network. Further, the Company cannot control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity. When this occurs, as it has at times during recent years, certain fixed airport costs are allocated among a fewer number of total flights, which can result in increased landing fees and other costs for the Company. The Company is reliant upon third-party vendors and service providers, and the Company’s competitive position is dependent in part on its ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable terms with those parties. Disruptions to capital markets, shortages of skilled personnel, supply chain disruptions, increased regulation, geopolitical developments, tariffs, and/or adverse economic conditions could subject certain of the Company’s third-party vendors and service providers to significant financial pressures, which could lead to delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these third-party vendors and service providers. If a third-party vendor or service provider is unable to fulfill its commitments to the Company, the Company may be unable to replace that third-party vendor or service provider in a short period of time, or at competitive terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. The Company participates in fuel consortium arrangements and fuel committees at certain airports. Fuel consortiums and fuel committees have, directly or indirectly, incurred debt obligations for improvements and capital projects for fuel facilities. While each participating airline in a consortium is generally allocated a share of the consortium’s costs based on usage, the inability of other participating airlines to satisfy their obligations with respect to fuel consortiums and fuel committees could adversely impact the Company’s financial results. Increases in insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial results. As discussed under “Business - Insurance,” the Company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry. Although the Company has been able to purchase aviation, property, liability, pollution, cybersecurity, and D&O/fiduciary insurance via the commercial insurance marketplace, costs have generally increased, and it is more difficult and, in some cases not possible, to obtain insurance for certain activities and weather-related events. For instance, the cost of insurance premiums related to hail and wind damage has increased for certain facilities, and certain flood insurance is no longer available. Available commercial insurance could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect against the Company’s risk of loss from future events, including acts of terrorism and severe weather events. With respect to any insurance claims, policy coverages and claims are subject to acceptance by the many insurers involved and may require arbitration, mediation, and/or litigation to effectively settle the claims over prolonged periods of time. The Company’s wholly-owned insurance captive uses actuarial services to determine the value of policies and reserves, which can be subject to fluctuation as past trends are not always indicative of future 31 Table of Contents loss developments. In addition, an aircraft accident or other incident involving Southwest could result in costs in excess of its related insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. Any aircraft accident or other incident involving Southwest or Southwest’s strategic partners, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public’s perception of the Company, which could harm its reputation and business. The Company’s business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans. The Company is reliant on the success of its strategic plans and initiatives to increase revenues and help offset increasing costs. The execution of the Company’s strategic plans have been and may again be negatively affected by macroeconomic conditions. In both 2024 and 2025, the Company announced plans for, and is in the process of implementing, certain transformational initiatives, such as changing to an assigned seating model, offering extra legroom seating, formalizing partnerships with international carriers to expand its network, offering Getaways by Southwest, introducing 24-hour operations, reducing the turn times between flights, and introducing bag fees for most fare products. The Company’s transformational initiatives are discussed in more detail under “Business.” The Company made certain assumptions in developing its strategic plans and initiatives related to, for example, customer demand (in light of changing economic conditions), fuel costs, delivery of aircraft, aircraft certification approval timelines, labor market constraints and related costs, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, its network, competition, market consolidation, and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. The timely and effective execution of the Company’s strategies is dependent upon, among other factors, (i) the Company’s ability to balance its network schedule and capacity with the availability and location of its crew resources; (ii) the Company’s ability to effectively balance its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to its strategies against the need to effectively control costs; (iii) the Company’s ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (iv) the Company’s ability to secure labor agreements or modifications necessary to support certain operational or strategic initiatives; (v) the Company’s ability to maintain satisfactory relations with its Employees or its Employees’ representatives; (vi) the Company’s ability to retain and broaden its Customer base; and (vii) the Company’s dependence on third parties with respect to the execution of its strategic plans. The Company’s commercial and operational initiatives are designed to meet evolving Customer preferences, increase revenue opportunities, mitigate cost pressures, and modernize processes. Nevertheless, these measures and any future initiatives may hurt the Company’s competitive position and Customer loyalty rather than improve it and may not be successful in increasing revenues or offsetting costs. Furthermore, the execution of the Company’s strategic plans may exacerbate other risks described in this Form 10-K. Actual conditions may be different from the Company’s assumptions at any time and could cause the Company to further adjust its strategic plan. Additionally, the implementation of these initiatives may create logistical or reputational challenges that could harm the operational performance of the airline or result in decreased demand for air travel on Southwest. If the Company does not successfully execute its transformational initiatives or other strategic plans, or if actual results vary significantly from its expectations, the Company’s business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. The airline industry is intensely competitive. As discussed in more detail under “Business—Competition,” the airline industry is intensely competitive. The Company’s primary competitors include other major domestic airlines, as well as regional and new entrant airlines, public charter operators, surface transportation, and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. The Company’s historical low-fare position has been challenged by the removal of fare floors for certain routes by other carriers, leading to a lower fare offering across the industry, as well as “unbundled” service offerings by some carriers, which appeal to price-sensitive travelers through promotion to consumers of relatively low base fare options. Additionally, most major U.S. airlines offer expanded cabin segmentation fare products, such as “basic economy,” “premium economy,” and “first class” products. To meet Customer preferences and better compete with the major U.S. airlines, the Company has moved to a more segmented approach, offering a basic economy product 32 Table of Contents and a premium economy fare product with extra legroom. The Company has also moved to an assigned seating model and now charges bag fees for most fare products. The competitiveness of the Company’s offerings could be adversely affected if it is unable to implement new initiatives in a timely and successful manner or if Customers are unwilling to accept the Company’s product and policy changes. If the Company cannot adequately retain and attract Customers or differentiate its product offerings from those of its competitors, then its business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The Company’s revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers with respect to pricing, routes, loyalty programs, scheduling, capacity, customer service, operational reliability, comfort and amenities, product offerings, cost structure, aircraft fleet, strategic alliances, and code-sharing and similar activities. Many of the Company’s competitors participate in joint ventures and international alliances, providing for increased financial resources and improved profit margins. Many major U.S. airlines also offer longer-haul, international routes through extensive global networks. In order to compete with these activities and expand its transatlantic and transpacific service offerings, the Company began to enter into international partnerships in 2025. Failure to successfully implement and manage international partnerships could result in financial losses and reputational harm. The airline industry also has been and may again be impacted by bankruptcies, mergers, acquisitions, or heightened financial pressures. Further consolidation in the airline industry generally could result in the reduction of fares by other airlines, which could in turn affect the Company’s profitability in existing and new markets. If the Company cannot compete with other airlines’ offerings or maintain its costs at a competitive level, then its business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Operational Risks The Company is currently dependent on Boeing as the sole manufacturer of the Company's aircraft. If the MAX aircraft were to become unavailable for the Company's operations, or if the Company were to continue to experience prolonged delivery delays of MAX aircraft, the Company's business plans, strategies, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The Boeing MAX aircraft are crucial to the Company’s ability to operate and grow its business and fleet modernization initiatives. The Company operates the -8 out of the MAX family of aircraft and is awaiting delivery of the -7 out of the MAX family of aircraft. Deliveries of MAX aircraft from Boeing to the Company are subject to Boeing’s production schedules and volumes. Boeing has in the past, and may continue to, experience delays in fulfilling its commitments with regards to delivery of the -8 to the Company as a result of manufacturing challenges. Further, the Company’s contractual delivery schedule for the -7 is dependent on the FAA issuing required certifications and approvals to Boeing and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct. The Company currently operates a higher proportion of the Boeing 737 aircraft than other air carriers in the industry, and therefore may encounter novel hazards, age-related maintenance issues, or airworthiness issues associated with 737 aircraft to a larger degree than other carriers with more diversified fleets. Boeing no longer manufactures versions of the 737 other than the MAX family of aircraft. If the MAX aircraft were to become unavailable for the Company’s flight operations, the Company’s operations would be materially adversely affected. Further, if the -7 certification is not completed in a timely manner, the Company’s growth and network plans could be restricted unless and until it could procure and operate other types of aircraft from Boeing or another manufacturer, seller, or lessor. The Company may not be able to procure aircraft in the future in a timely manner or on favorable commercial terms, which could limit the Company’s growth or negatively affect the Company’s cost structure and competitive position. The Company’s ability to execute its growth, fleet modernization, and strategic and operational plans may be affected by the timely procurement of additional aircraft on commercially favorable terms. Industry demand for new 33 Table of Contents aircraft may exceed supply, and manufacturers may face production constraints, supply chain shortages, changes in production rates, labor disruptions, or order backlogs that limit availability of aircraft. The Company may also encounter less favorable pricing, reduced delivery slot availability, more restrictive contractual terms, or diminished negotiating leverage with aircraft manufacturers, sellers, or lessors. If the Company is unable to procure additional aircraft on acceptable terms or within planned timeframes, the resulting constraints could negatively affect the Company’s ability to meet evolving Customer demands, pursue growth or network expansion opportunities, or replace aircraft planned for retirement, any of which could adversely affect the Company’s competitive position, operating results, and financial condition. Introducing a new aircraft manufacturer or fleet type could impose significant operational complexities, regulatory requirements, and costs on the Company. If the Company’s operations, growth, or strategic initiatives were to be dependent upon the introduction of a new aircraft make and model to the Company’s fleet, the Company would need to, among other things, (i) develop and implement new maintenance, operating, and training programs; (ii) procure new simulators, tooling, spares, and facilities; (iii) secure extensive regulatory approvals; (iv) implement new technologies; (v) negotiate new supplier, parts-support, and maintenance arrangements; and (vi) negotiate pay and work rules with certain labor unions. The requirements associated with operating a new aircraft make and model could take an extended period of time to fulfill and would likely impose substantial costs on the Company. A shift away from a single fleet type could also add complexity to the Company’s operations, present operational and compliance risks, and materially increase the Company’s costs. Any of these events would have a material, adverse effect on the Company’s business, operating results, and financial condition. The Company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft were to become less competitive. The Company's business is labor intensive, with most Employees represented by labor unions; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflict with its Employees or its Employees' representatives. The airline business is labor intensive, and for the year ended December 31, 2025, Salaries, wages, and benefits expense represented approximately 47 percent of the Company's operating expenses. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 84 percent of the Company’s Employees were represented for collective-bargaining purposes by labor unions, making the Company particularly exposed in the event of labor-related job actions. Employment-related matters (some of which relate to negotiated items) that have impacted the Company’s results of operations include hiring/retention rates, attendance, pay rates, outsourcing, work rules, health care costs, and retirement benefits. Although the Company has reached final labor agreements with its twelve unionized Employee groups, the next of which becomes amendable in October 2026, general wage inflation has resulted, and is expected to continue to result, in pressure on the Company’s low-cost structure. Renegotiating labor agreements or entering into new labor agreements can require significant costs and extensive bargaining and, in some instances, may not be successful. The Company’s results could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflicts or failures to successfully negotiate necessary terms or agreements with its Employees or its Employees’ representatives. The Company’s business is labor intensive; therefore, the Company has been, and could in the future be, adversely affected if it were unable to employ and retain appropriate numbers of qualified Employees to maintain its operations. The Company’s success depends on its ability to attract and retain appropriate levels of skilled personnel. In connection with the drastic reduction in travel demand due to the pandemic, in 2020 the Company offered voluntary separation and extended time-off programs to Employees. This negatively impacted the Company’s ability to staff appropriately when demand for leisure travel returned. Boeing aircraft delivery delays, network optimization efforts, and cost control initiatives have also required the Company to re-evaluate its hiring needs and moderate staffing in line with demand. As a result, the Company offered a voluntary separation program to certain Employees in 2024, and the Company implemented a reduction in workforce in 2025. Staffing-related challenges, particularly any unpredictability in required staffing levels, could continue to occur in certain areas and limit the Company’s ability 34 Table of Contents to optimally adjust capacity. The inability to recruit and retain skilled personnel or the unexpected loss of key skilled personnel could continue to adversely affect the Company’s operations. The Company is currently dependent on a single engine supplier, as well as single suppliers of certain other aircraft parts and equipment; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected (i) if it were unable to obtain timely or sufficient delivery of aircraft parts or equipment from Boeing or other suppliers or adequate maintenance or other support from any of these suppliers at commercially reasonable terms, (ii) if Boeing or other suppliers were unable to achieve and/or maintain required regulatory certifications or approvals of their parts or equipment, or (iii) in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the Company’s aircraft parts or equipment. The Company is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for many of its aircraft parts. The Company is also dependent on sole or limited suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts, equipment, and services. If Boeing, or other suppliers, were unable or unwilling to timely provide adequate products or support for their products at commercially reasonable terms, were unable to achieve and/or maintain required regulatory certifications or approvals of their parts or equipment, or in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with engines or other parts or services, the Company’s operations could be materially adversely affected. The Company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft parts or equipment were to become less competitive. The Company is also dependent on third-party vendors and service providers. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have resulted, and could continue to result, in delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among suppliers, third-party vendors, and service providers. The operations of the Company’s third-party vendors and service providers could also be affected by the policies, procedures, and performance of their suppliers, and the Company may not have visibility into this multi-tiered supply chain. Failures of suppliers, third-party vendors, or service providers to timely provide adequate products or support for their products, or otherwise fulfill their commitments to the Company, could materially adversely affect the Company’s operations. The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, war, or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, could significantly harm the airline industry and the Company's operations. Terrorist attacks, war, or other hostilities, actual and threatened, have from time to time materially adversely affected the demand for air travel and have necessitated increased safety and security measures and related costs for the Company and the airline industry generally. Safety and security measures can create delays and inconveniences, which in turn can reduce the Company’s competitiveness against surface transportation for short-haul routes and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. Additional terrorist attacks, war, or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national threat warnings, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a further significant negative impact on the Company and the airline industry. Interruptions or disruptions in service at one of the Company’s core stations have had, and could in the future have, a material adverse impact on its operations. In recent years, the Company has increasingly focused on designing its network around core stations in an effort to provide greater connectivity and support operational reliability and recoverability. Significant interruptions or disruptions in service at one or more of the Company’s core stations (such as Denver or Chicago-Midway), resulting from air traffic control systems, weather incidents, performance by third-party service providers, interruption of the Company’s technology, the availability and location of the Company’s crew resources, fuel supplies, or otherwise, have resulted, and could again in the future result, in the cancellation or delay of a significant portion of the Company’s flights and, as a result, have had, and could again in the future have, a severe impact on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 35 Table of Contents The Company’s operations have been, and in the future may again be, materially and adversely disrupted by extreme weather events. An inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather, a localized disaster, or disturbance in a key geography has adversely and materially impacted, and in the future could again adversely and materially impact, the Company’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. While the Company operates across a diverse geographic footprint, its operations at times have been adversely and materially impacted by severe weather, such as Winter Storm Fern in January 2026, Hurricane Milton in October 2024, and Winter Storm Elliott in December 2022. Depending on location, the Company’s assets and route network have been or could be exposed to ongoing risks arising from a variety of adverse weather conditions or localized natural or manmade disasters such as earthquakes, volcanoes, wildfires (such as the 2023 Maui wildfires and the 2025 Los Angeles wildfires), hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, floods, sea-level rise, severe winter weather, sustained or extreme cold or heat, drought, or other disturbances, actual or threatened. Extreme weather conditions, including increases in the frequency, severity, or duration of severe weather events (whether or not caused by anthropogenic climate change), can disrupt air travel from time to time, ground planes, damage equipment and increase maintenance costs, cause delays and cancellations or other network disruptions, require implementation of weight limitations due to increased temperatures, increase turbulence-related injuries, cause disruptions in staffing, cause increases in fuel consumption to avoid such weather, disrupt the Company’s supply chains (including fuel, parts, and service provider disruptions), and otherwise adversely affect the Company’s assets, operations, and infrastructure. The Company could incur significant costs to improve the resiliency of its operations, infrastructure, and supply chain, and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the potential acute and chronic physical effects of climate change. The Company is not able to predict accurately the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the extreme weather events. Prolonged interruptions or disruptions at airports can and do also adversely impact the Company’s business and results of operations. The Company also may incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate affected business functions, aircraft, and Employees. Moreover, any resulting economic dislocations could adversely affect demand for the Company’s services, resulting in an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. The airline industry is made up of inherently complex systems and is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the Company's business strategies and results of operations. In addition to the unpredictable economic conditions and fuel costs previously discussed, the Company, like the airline industry in general, is affected by conditions that are largely unforeseeable and outside of its control, including, among others: • adverse weather and natural disasters and the associated effects on the Company’s operations, which have, in certain circumstances, such as Winter Storm Elliott, impacted the Company’s operational recovery to a greater degree than other airlines; • changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends (including, for example, changes in travel patterns due to economic conditions, weather, government restrictions, sequestration, or shutdowns); • actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system (including, for example, as a result of FAA system outages or inadequate FAA staffing levels, as the United States has recently seen a shortage of air traffic controllers, resulting in more frequent and prolonged flight delays, limitations on the number of offered flights, and disrupting travel plans across the entire network); • actual or perceived delays at various airports resulting from government restrictions (including, for example, longer wait-times at TSA checkpoints due to inadequate TSA staffing levels); • changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, industry bankruptcies, and other factors; • delays in deliveries of new aircraft (including, for example, due to delays in the manufacturing process, in FAA certification, or due to the closure of the FAA’s aircraft registry during government restrictions or shutdowns); • collective-bargaining requirements and demands; 36 Table of Contents • reliance on third-party facilities, goods, and/or services essential to its operations and/or business such as airports, de-icing services, fuel supply and delivery, software, and weather data and other critical information; • outbreaks of disease such as the COVID-19 pandemic; • laws and regulations, which may change or which may be inconsistent across various jurisdictions; and • actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, and political instability. Because airline systems are inherently and unavoidably complex, large or small events, especially when in combination, can create opportunity for a systemic incident. The potential triggers for incidents and failures change constantly because of changing technology, work organization, efforts to eradicate those potential triggers, and other factors. Events or combinations of events such as those described above have had, and could have, a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. Information Technology, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks The Company is heavily dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its information systems; any failure, disruption, breach, or delay in the Company’s information systems or in implementation of necessary changes could materially adversely affect its operations. The Company depends heavily on the use of computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure, operational technology, networks, and online sites (collectively, “IT Systems”) to run its ongoing operations and support its strategic objectives. These IT Systems include, among others, the Company’s website and reservation system; mobile application; flight dispatch and tracking systems; flight simulators; check-in kiosks; aircraft maintenance, planning, and record keeping systems; telecommunications systems; flight planning and scheduling systems; crew scheduling systems; human resources systems; and financial planning, management, and accounting systems. The performance, reliability, and security of the Company’s IT Systems are critical to the Company’s operations and initiatives. Any failure, disruption, or delay in implementation of the Company’s IT Systems could limit or even curtail its growth, delay strategic initiatives, increase its compliance costs, harm its reputation, or reduce its competitive advantage. In the ordinary course of business, the Company’s IT Systems require continuous updates and modifications to support business operations, growth, and changing business strategy or regulatory requirements. These enhancements and upgrades represent significant investments and challenges in terms of costs, human resources, and development of internal controls. Implementation and integration require balancing the introduction of new capabilities with the management of existing systems and present the risk of operational or security inadequacy or interruption. The Company’s inability to timely or effectively implement, update, or integrate its IT Systems, could materially affect its business and/or could negatively impact the Company’s results of operations and financial performance. The Company is also reliant upon the performance of third parties for timely and effective implementation and support of many of its technology initiatives, to provide required data and information services, and for maintaining adequate information security measures within the services and/or software they deliver, and such third parties are occasionally not timely or adequate in providing the services required by the Company. If any of the Company’s IT Systems or third-party systems were to cease functioning, or if its third-party service providers or data providers were to fail to adequately and timely provide required information or reports, technical support, system maintenance, security, or software upgrades for any of the Company’s existing IT Systems, the Company could experience service interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, which could harm its operations and result in financial losses and reputational damage. The Company must securely handle high volumes of traffic and operational data, which makes it vulnerable to various security risks and interruptions. The Company has experienced material technology system interruptions and delays that have made its websites and operational systems unavailable or slow to respond, which has prevented the Company from efficiently processing Customer transactions or providing services. Similarly, the Company has 37 Table of Contents experienced operational challenges in connection with severe weather events and associated crew scheduling, such as during and subsequent to Winter Storm Elliott. Any future system interruptions or delays or operational disruptions or delays could reduce the Company’s operating revenues and the attractiveness of its services, as well as increase the Company’s costs. The Company’s IT Systems or those of third-party service providers could be damaged or interrupted by catastrophic events beyond its control such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, power loss, computer and telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, security breaches, and similar events or disruptions generally beyond the Company’s control. Any of these events could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent the Company from processing Customer transactions or providing services, which could make the Company’s business and services less attractive and subject the Company to liability. Any of these events could damage the Company’s reputation and be expensive to remedy. The Company is increasingly exposed to cybersecurity attacks and data incidents impacting its IT Systems, or those of the Company’s vendors or service providers. Such cybersecurity incidents or data incidents could have a disruptive and material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, or results of operations. The Company’s business depends on both internal and external IT Systems. These IT Systems are essential for daily operations but are exposed to risks like programming errors, software malfunctions, unauthorized access, accidental leaks of sensitive information, denial of service attacks, ransomware, data corruption, business disruptions, outages, security breaches, computer viruses, data loss, scams, theft, insider threats, and human errors. These IT Systems may be subject to increasingly significant attacks by hackers, cybercriminals, nation-states, insiders, or other third parties. Advances in computer capabilities, AI-enhanced attacks, social engineering, phishing, cryptography, inadequate facility security, insider threats, or other technological developments may result in a compromise or breach of the Company’s critical operations systems, physical assets, or technology the Company uses to safeguard confidential, personal, or proprietary information. A compromise of the Company’s IT Systems or physical assets, or those of a vendor or service provider, could lead to safety incidents, damage to the Company’s assets, significant remediation costs and liability, regulatory actions, privacy or securities law violations and related fines, loss of contracts, significant and long-lasting reputational harm, or a failure to meet the Company’s contractual obligations. Incidents impacting one system can impact other interconnected systems. For example, cybersecurity incidents impacting the Company’s IT Systems or those provided by a vendor or service provider could disrupt the Company’s operations and even impact the safe operation of physical assets like aircraft. Any of these outcomes could significantly harm the Company’s operations, financial health, and business results. To operate its business, the Company must receive, process, transmit, and store information related to a number of groups—Customers, Employees, contractors, business partners, and other third parties—and the Company’s operations depend upon secure processing, transmission (including over public networks), storage, and retention of that information. As noted above, this subjects the Company to cyber-attacks, which can vary in scope and sophistication, potentially resulting in unauthorized access to its systems or physical assets, data incidents, operational disruptions, and misappropriation of sensitive data. All information processed, stored, and retained by Company or on behalf of Company is subject to the continually evolving risk of intrusion, tampering, theft, or deletion. The Company has a dedicated cybersecurity team and program, along with support from legal advisors and other resources, focused on current and emerging data security matters. The Company’s systems and cybersecurity measures require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change, and security could be compromised, personal or confidential information could be misappropriated, or system disruptions could occur. The Company may also incur significant costs to modify, upgrade, or enhance its cybersecurity measures to protect and defend against such attacks and breaches. The Company may not be able to anticipate, detect, or prevent cyber-attacks, security breaches, or data incidents, particularly because the methodologies used by threat actors change frequently or may not be recognized until such attack is launched or for a substantial period thereafter, and because threat 38 Table of Contents actors are increasingly using technologies specifically designed to circumvent cybersecurity measures and avoid detection. Moreover, even with the efforts and investments to protect against cyber-attacks, the Company may not be able to prevent a data breach involving sensitive data. A successful breach of the Company’s IT Systems could erode Customer confidence in the Company’s digital platforms, security measures, data protection, resiliency, and services. Beyond operational disruptions, such incidents could result in reputational damage, loss of Customer trust, regulatory investigations and fines, or individual or class action lawsuits, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. See “Business—Regulation—Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation.” In the ordinary course of its business, the Company also provides certain confidential, proprietary, and personal information, intellectual property, and safety information to third parties. While the Company seeks to obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and their systems in accordance with legal requirements and industry standards, there is a risk that the security of systems and data held by third parties could be compromised. A compromise of data stored by third-party systems could adversely affect the Company’s reputation, disrupt its operations, and result in litigation against the Company or the imposition of penalties from regulators. In addition, these third-party incidents or failures could be costly and take time to remediate. The Company offers the ability for some of its Employees to work remotely and, with that, maintaining a remote work environment significantly increases the risk of cyber incidents and events, such as computer viruses and security breaches, due to increased available attack vectors. Targeted attacks have also increased but have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures put in place by the Company. Although the Company has not experienced cyber incidents that are, individually or in the aggregate, material, the Company and certain of its vendors and service providers have experienced cyber-attacks and cybersecurity incidents in the past, which have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures. The Company is expanding its use of AI and machine-learning. Any failure in the Company’s AI implementation strategy, compliance with regulations, or failure to otherwise manage the risks related to AI technologies effectively could materially adversely affect its operations, reputation, and/or financial position. The Company is expanding its use of AI and machine-learning to carry out elements of its business strategy. The implementation of AI technologies also presents significant operational, legal, and competitive risks to the Company. Although the Company believes it diligently evaluates, governs, tests, and deploys AI-related technologies, the Company could face numerous AI-related challenges, such as cybersecurity vulnerabilities, algorithmic biases or errors, evolving regulatory requirements across jurisdictions, and potential competitive disadvantage if the Company’s competitors deploy AI technologies more quickly or more successfully. The complex and evolving regulatory landscape surrounding AI technologies, including regarding violations of intellectual property rights and data privacy concerns, creates additional compliance challenges and potential liability. For example, emerging regulations, state laws, and other proposed legislation around AI may require companies that develop or deploy AI systems to establish formal governance structures and internal controls, including designated oversight personnel, documented risk assessment procedures, and regular compliance reviews of their AI systems. While the Company expects its AI adoption to enhance its operations, there can be no assurance of its effectiveness or that it will deliver the anticipated benefits. Furthermore, the Company’s use of AI could result in reputational damage, legal exposure, or loss of Customer confidence if not properly deployed or managed. Moreover, changes to the Company’s technology and systems could also expose the Company to intellectual property risks, such as allegations of infringement of third-party patents or copyrights. Defending against allegations could involve significant fees and resources. If the Company is found to infringe upon third-party intellectual property rights, the Company may be liable for damages. Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks 39 Table of Contents The Company is subject to extensive government regulation that may disrupt or necessitate modifications to the Company’s operations, business plans, and strategies, increase the Company’s operating costs, or otherwise limit the Company’s ability to conduct business. The FAA promulgates and enforces regulations affecting the airline industry and exercises extensive regulatory oversight of the Company’s operations. For example, in November 2025 during the partial government shutdown, the FAA issued an emergency order mandating an industry-wide reduction in flights at 40 major U.S. airports. The FAA from time to time also issues orders or directives relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft. FAA orders and directives can be issued with little or no notice, and in certain instances, require the temporary grounding of aircraft, such as the FAA’s March 2019 grounding of all Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, and/or the responsive investment of operational and financial resources. The issuance of new FAA regulations, regulatory amendments, or orders or directives could result in flight schedule adjustments and groundings or delays in aircraft deliveries, as well as lower operating revenues, operating income, and net income due to a variety of factors, including, among others, (i) lost revenue due to flight cancellations and operational disruptions as a result of a smaller operating aircraft fleet, (ii) the lack of ability to make corresponding reductions in expenses because of the fixed nature of many expenses, and (iii) possible negative effects on Customer confidence and airline choice. As discussed under “Business - Regulation,” airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. These requirements often impose substantial costs on airlines. The Company’s strategic plans and results of operations could be negatively affected by changes in law and future actions taken by domestic and foreign governmental agencies having jurisdiction over the Company’s operations, including, but not limited to: • increases in airport rates and charges; • limitations on airport gate capacity or use of other airport facilities; • limitations on route authorities; • actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining access at slot-controlled airports (a “slot” is the right of an air carrier, pursuant to regulations of the FAA or local authorities, to operate a takeoff or landing at certain airports); • actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining operating permits and approvals; • changes to environmental regulations, including mandates affecting the usage of SAF and enhanced emissions and climate reporting obligations; • mandates on and regulation of existing products and services; • new or increased taxes or fees, such as with respect to potential increases to the federal corporate income tax rate, and such as those contained in the Inflation Reduction Act, including a potential corporate alternative minimum tax or taxes imposed on share repurchases, which may affect the Company’s decisions with respect to capital markets; • changes to laws that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports; • restrictions on competitive practices; • changes in laws that increase costs for safety, security, compliance, or other Customer Service standards; • changes in laws that may limit or regulate the Company’s ability to promote the Company’s business or fares; • changes in laws that could affect the value of the Company’s existing contracts or agreements, such as its co-branded credit card agreement; • airspace closures or restrictions, such as restrictions on operations in markets where certain wireless telecommunications systems may cause interference with certain aircraft avionics; • grounding of commercial air traffic by the FAA; • the adoption of more restrictive locally imposed noise regulations; and • expanded compliance burdens, costs, and enforcement risks related to evolving data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations. Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the Company's growth. 40 Table of Contents Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. Airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. In order to operate efficiently, as well as to add service in current and new markets, the Company must be able to maintain and/or obtain space and facilities at desirable airports with adequate infrastructure. Airport space, facility, and infrastructure constraints may prevent the Company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner. Similarly, the federal government singularly controls all U.S. airspace, and airlines are dependent on the FAA controlling that airspace in a safe and efficient manner. The current air traffic control system is mainly radar-based, supported in large part by antiquated equipment and technologies, and heavily dependent on skilled personnel. As a result, the air traffic control system may not be able to effectively keep pace with future air traffic growth. The FAA has received funds to support upgrades to the air traffic control system, but ongoing modernization efforts continue to face bureaucratic and budgetary constraints, and the FAA may not be able to secure adequate additional funding to implement sufficient system upgrades in a timely manner. The FAA’s protracted transition to modernized air traffic control systems and newer technologies has and may continue to adversely impact airspace capacity and the overall efficiency of the system, resulting in limited opportunities for the Company to grow, longer scheduled flight times, increased delays and cancellations, and increased fuel consumption and aircraft emissions. For example, due to air traffic control staffing challenges, government agencies have had to implement short-term capacity constraints during peak travel periods or adverse weather conditions in certain markets, resulting in delays and disruptions of air traffic. Additionally, telecommunications outages such as the 2025 Newark outages and September 2025 Dallas outages have caused air traffic controllers to lose radar and communications, resulting in ground stops, delays, and cancellations. The continuation of these air traffic control disruptions and constraints or the FAA’s inability to meet staffing needs on a long-term basis may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations. The Company is subject to various environmental requirements and risks, including increased regulation, changing consumer preferences, physical, environmental, and climate risks, and risks associated with climate change; the cost of compliance with more stringent environmental regulations, failure to comply with environmental regulations, or failure to otherwise manage the risks of climate change effectively could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. The Company is subject to changing federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to aircraft and ground-based emissions, discharges to water systems, safe drinking water, and the management of hazardous substances and waste materials. In addition, while the Company cannot predict what requirements may be imposed in the future or the timing with respect to the same, federal, state, local, and international legislative and regulatory bodies in recent years have generally increased focus on climate change and reducing GHG, including by requiring disclosure of emissions and climate-related risks, and may continue to do so. For more detail, see “Business–Regulation–Environmental Regulation.” Future policy, legal, regulatory, or other market developments could require the Company to reduce its emissions, increase its usage of SAF and other forms of lower carbon energy, modify its supply chain practices or aspects of its operations, make capital investments to purchase specific types of equipment or technologies, secure carbon offset credits, disclose or report additional GHG information, or otherwise incur additional costs related to regulatory compliance and climate objectives. Additional regulation could result in increased regulatory or permitting requirements for the Company from multiple jurisdictions. Further, various state agencies have proposed regulation that would subject fossil jet fuel to lower emissions standards. Proposal or adoption of such obligations could increase the demand for and the costs of the limited supply of SAF currently available and could result in increased costs of fossil jet fuel. Until the timing, scope, and extent of such future policy, legal, regulatory, or other market developments become known, the Company cannot predict their effect on the Company’s cost structure or its operating results. Violations of environmental and climate change-related laws and regulations could lead to significant fines and penalties and reputational harm. The Company could also face increased risks of litigation resulting from any enhanced disclosure requirements related to climate change. 41 Table of Contents Concern among consumers of the impacts of climate change may mean some customers choose to fly less frequently or fly on an airline they perceive as operating in a manner that is more sustainable to the climate, and customers may choose to use alternatives to travel, such as virtual meetings and workspaces. Greater development of high-speed rail in markets now served by short-haul flights could provide passengers with lower-carbon alternatives to flying. Longer-term changes in weather patterns could adversely impact any of the Company’s destination cities and, as a result, alter Customers’ travel behavior. The Company’s collateral to secure loans, including in the form of aircraft, could lose value as customer demand shifts and economies move to lower-carbon alternatives, which may increase the Company’s financing costs. In addition, major financial institutions have announced GHG emissions reductions targets for their financed activities in the aviation sector, and while these commitments may be in flux, financing restrictions related to emissions reductions targets could impact the Company’s ability to access capital on advantageous terms now or in the future. To the extent that the Company’s climate targets are not perceived to align with those of its lenders, the Company’s access to credit may be adversely impacted. The Company is subject to risks related to its sustainability goals and disclosures, which may affect stakeholder sentiment and the Company’s reputation and brand. The Company has voluntarily set near- and long-term environmental sustainability plans and goals, and any failure or perception of failure to meet or adequately progress against its sustainability plans or goals, which are often aspirational, or any modifications to such goals could adversely affect the Company’s reputation and brand. The Company’s sustainability goals are subject to risks and uncertainties related to the Company’s ability to successfully implement its business strategy, effectively respond to changes in market dynamics, and realize the anticipated benefits and associated cost savings of its actions. The achievement of the Company’s plans and goals is materially dependent on the performance of third parties and government action, and these goals could be adversely affected by changes in third-party expectations, methodologies, and priorities, which are rapidly evolving. For example, the Company plans to diversify its sources of jet fuel through increasing the volumes of SAF in its operations. The cost of SAF may be prohibitively expensive without appropriate government support, policies, and incentives (including tax credits). The Company may have binding SAF purchase commitments that extend beyond various incentives currently in place, and the presidential administration may take action to revise, repeal, or otherwise modify existing SAF incentives, which could impact the Company’s operations. The Company may also face pressure from local and state governments as they continue advancing their own, sometimes conflicting, climate-related policies. Heightened competition for alternative fuel sources like SAF may impact the Company’s ability to negotiate contracts with third parties at commercially reasonable and economically favorable terms. The Company’s achievement of its sustainability goals (whether mandated or voluntary) may also depend on technology developments that have not yet occurred or been implemented in a commercially feasible and cost-competitive manner. Failures or delays in sufficient SAF production and delivery, or ceased operations or bankruptcies of the Company’s counterparties, could inhibit the Company’s ability to meet its stated goals. Additionally, to the extent that the Company may seek to achieve its climate goals and obligations through the use of carbon offsets, it may be exposed to increased costs, disclosure requirements, and risks related to third parties associated with the procurement of such offsets. The Company makes certain disclosures regarding sustainability, many of which are based on estimates, assumptions, and timelines which are subject to high levels of uncertainty and inherently difficult to assess in advance. There is no guarantee that Customers, regulators, or other stakeholders will not object to the Company’s use of certain models and accounting methods. Enhanced mandatory climate-related disclosures could lead to reputational or other harm with Customers, regulators, investors, or other stakeholders. Statements or initiatives with respect to sustainability matters are also increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from the public and governmental authorities. The Company may face pressure from Customers, stakeholders, and financial institutions to change its policies, and such stakeholders may have different, conflicting expectations. Certain regulators, such as the SEC and various state agencies, as well as nongovernmental organizations and other private actors have filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain sustainability statements, goals, or standards were misleading, false, or otherwise deceptive. Alternatively, the Company could face criticism from 42 Table of Contents certain “anti-ESG” parties for making environmental or social commitments or pursuing certain environmental or social initiatives that are alleged to be political or polarizing in nature, which could adversely affect the Company’s reputation, business, financial performance, market access, and growth. The Company could face increased litigation risks relating to alleged direct or indirect climate-related damages resulting from the Company’s operations, statements alleged to have been made by the Company or others in the aviation industry regarding climate change risks, or in connection with any future voluntary or mandatory disclosures the Company may make regarding reported emissions. The Company, as a consumer-facing business, may also face public relations criticism (such as boycotts or negative publicity campaigns) related to its sustainability efforts and policies. Any damage to the Company’s reputation or brand as a result of such litigation, public criticism, or failure to meet or maintain its sustainability plans or goals could adversely affect the Company’s operations, financial condition, and future results. The Company’s future results may suffer if it is unable to effectively manage its current and contemplated international operations or Extended Operations (“ETOPS”). The Company’s international flights are subject to CBP-mandated procedures, which can affect the Company’s operations, costs, and Customer Experience. The Company has made significant investments in facilities, equipment, and technologies at certain airports in order to improve the Customer Experience and to assist CBP with its inspection and processing duties; however, the Company is not able to predict the impact, if any, that various CBP measures or the lack of CBP resources will have on Company revenues and costs, either in the short-term or the long-term. International flying requires the Company to modify certain processes, as the airport environment can be dramatically different in certain international locations with respect to, among other things, common-use ticket counters and gate areas, passenger entry requirements (including health requirements), local operating requirements, staffing, infrastructure, and cultural preferences. Certain international routes served by the Company are also subject to specific aircraft equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior. Route-specific equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior, together or individually, may (i) restrict the Company’s flexibility when scheduling and routing aircraft and crews; (ii) require the Company to modify its policies or procedures; and (iii) impact the Company’s operational performance, costs, and Customer Experience. In addition, international flying exposes the Company to certain foreign currency risks to the extent the Company chooses to, or is required to, transact in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. To the extent the Company seeks to serve additional international destinations in the future, or to renew its authority to serve certain routes, it may be required to obtain necessary authority from the DOT and/or approvals from the FAA, as well as any applicable foreign government entity. The Company’s operations in non-U.S. jurisdictions may subject the Company to the laws of those jurisdictions rather than, or in addition to, U.S. laws. Laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the United States, and these differences can affect the Company’s ability to react to changes in its business, and its rights or ability to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under U.S. laws. Furthermore, enforcement of laws in some jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both the Company’s ability to enforce its rights and to undertake activities that it believes are beneficial to its business. As a result, the Company’s ability to generate revenue and its expenses in non-U.S. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S. laws governed these operations. Although the Company has policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote compliance with the laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates, a violation by the Company’s Employees, contractors, or agents or other intermediaries could nonetheless occur. Any violation (or alleged or perceived violation), even if prohibited by the Company’s policies, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s reputation and/or its results of operations. In 2019, the Company began service to Hawaii after receiving approval from the FAA for ETOPS, a regulatory requirement to operate between the U.S. mainland and the Hawaiian Islands. The Company is subject to additional, ongoing, ETOPS-specific regulatory and procedural requirements, which present operational and compliance risks to the Company’s business, including costs associated therewith. 43 Table of Contents The Company has entered into interline partnership agreements for international flights, including with Icelandair, China Airlines, EVA Air, Philippine Airlines, Condor, and Turkish Airlines. The Company is also actively pursuing partnerships with other international carriers for transpacific and transatlantic service. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully execute its strategies and achieve its previously announced international partnership goals, and failure to do so may adversely affect the Company’s operating results. The Company’s plans to develop commercial relationships with airlines in other parts of the world may not produce the results or returns it expects. The Company continues its initiative to expand its network and dev