. 10 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 24 1C. Cybersecurity. 24 2. Properties. 26 3. Legal Proceedings. 27 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 27 PART II 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 27 6. [Reserved]. 29 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 30 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 41 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 41 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 41 9A. Controls and Procedures. 41 9B. Other Information. 43 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 43 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 43 11. Executive Compensation. 43 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 43 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 43 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 43 PART IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 44 16. Form 10-K Summary . 48 Explanatory Note This report combines the Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., a Tennessee corporation, and Mid-America Apartments, L.P., a Tennessee limited partnership, of which Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. is the sole general partner. Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. and its 97.5% owned subsidiary, Mid-America Apartments, L.P., are both required to file annual reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “MAA” refer only to Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., and not any of its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this report to “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company” refer collectively to Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Mid-America Apartments, L.P. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this report to the “Operating Partnership” or “MAALP” refer to Mid-America Apartments, L.P. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. “Common stock” refers to the common stock of MAA, “preferred stock” refers to the preferred stock of MAA, and “shareholders” refers to the holders of shares of MAA’s common stock or preferred stock, as applicable. The common units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership are referred to as “OP Units” and the holders of the OP Units are referred to as “common unitholders.” As of December 31, 2025, MAA owned 116,878,077 OP Units (97.5% of the total number of OP Units). MAA conducts substantially all of its business and holds substantially all of its assets, directly or indirectly, through the Operating Partnership, and by virtue of its ownership of the OP Units and being the Operating Partnership’s sole general partner, MAA has the ability to control all of the day-to-day operations of the Operating Partnership. We believe combining the Annual Reports on Form 10-K of MAA and the Operating Partnership, including the notes to the consolidated financial statements, into this report results in the following benefits: • enhances investors’ understanding of MAA and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner that management views and operates the business; • eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation since a substantial portion of the disclosure in this report applies to both MAA and the Operating Partnership; and • creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. MAA, an S&P 500 company, is a multifamily-focused, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT. Management operates MAA and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of the Company is comprised of individuals who are officers of MAA and employees of the Operating Partnership. We believe it is important to understand the few differences between MAA and the Operating Partnership in the context of how MAA and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. MAA and the Operating Partnership are structured as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. MAA’s interest in the Operating Partnership entitles MAA to share in cash distributions from, and in the profits and losses of, the Operating Partnership in proportion to MAA’s percentage interest therein and entitles MAA to vote on substantially all matters requiring a vote of the partners. MAA’s only material asset is its ownership of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (other than cash held by MAA from time to time); therefore, MAA’s primary function is acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain debt of the Operating Partnership from time to time. The Operating Partnership holds, directly or indirectly, all of the Company’s real estate assets. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by MAA, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the Company’s business through the Operating Partnership’s operations, direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness and issuance of OP Units. The presentation of MAA’s shareholders’ equity and the Operating Partnership’s capital are the principal areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of MAA and those of the Operating Partnership. MAA’s shareholders’ equity may include shares of preferred stock, shares of common stock, additional paid-in capital, cumulative earnings, cumulative distributions, noncontrolling interests, treasury shares, accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and redeemable common stock. The Operating Partnership’s capital may include common capital and preferred capital of the general partner (MAA), limited partners’ common capital and preferred capital, noncontrolling interests, accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and redeemable common units. Holders of OP Units (other than MAA) may require the Operating Partnership to redeem their OP Units from time to time, in which case the Operating Partnership may, at its option, pay the redemption price either in cash (in an amount per OP Unit equal, in general, to the average closing price of MAA’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, over a specified period prior to the redemption date) or by delivering one share of MAA’s common stock (subject to adjustment under specified circumstances) for each OP Unit so redeemed. 1 In order to highlight the material differences between MAA and the Operating Partnership, this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes sections that separately present and discuss areas that are materially different between MAA and the Operating Partnership, including: • the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this report; • certain accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements, including Note 2 - Earnings per Common Share of MAA and Note 3 - Earnings per OP Unit of MAALP; and Note 8 - Shareholders’ Equity of MAA and Note 9 - Partners’ Capital of MAALP; • the controls and procedures in Item 9A of this report; and • the certifications included as Exhibits 31 and 32 to this report. In the sections that combine disclosures for MAA and the Operating Partnership, this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership (directly or indirectly through one of its subsidiaries) is generally the entity that enters into contracts, holds assets and issues debt, management believes this presentation is appropriate for the reasons set forth above and because we operate the business through the Operating Partnership. MAA, the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries operate as one consolidated business, but MAA, the Operating Partnership and each of its subsidiaries are separate, distinct legal entities. For ward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements do not discuss historical fact, but instead are statements related to expectations, projections, intentions, assumptions and beliefs regarding the future. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “assumes,” “will,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “budget,” “target,” “outlook,” “proforma,” “opportunity,” “guidance” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected operating performance and results, property stabilizations, property acquisition and disposition activity, joint venture activity, development and renovation activity and other capital expenditures, and capital raising and financing activity, as well as lease pricing, revenue and expense growth, occupancy, interest rate and other economic expectations. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, as described below, which may cause our actual results, performance, achievements or outcomes to be materially different from the future results, performance, achievements or outcomes expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of such statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results, performance, achievements or outcomes described in such statements will be achieved. The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements: • adverse effects on occupancy levels and rental revenues due to unfavorable market and economic conditions; • exposure to risks inherent in investments in a single industry and sector; • adverse changes in real estate markets, including the extent of future demand for multifamily units in our significant markets, barriers of entry into new markets which we may seek to enter in the future, limitations on our ability to increase or collect rental rates, competition, our ability to identify and consummate attractive acquisitions or development projects on favorable terms, our ability to consummate any planned dispositions in a timely manner on acceptable terms, and our ability to reinvest sale proceeds in a manner that generates favorable returns; • failure of development communities to be completed within budget and on a timely basis, if at all, to lease-up as anticipated or to achieve anticipated results; • unexpected capital needs; • material changes in operating costs, including real estate taxes, utilities and insurance costs, due to inflation and other factors; • inability to obtain appropriate insurance coverage at reasonable rates, or at all, losses due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, or losses from catastrophes in excess of coverage limits; • ability to obtain financing at favorable rates, if at all, or refinance existing debt as it matures; • level and volatility of interest or capitalization rates or capital market conditions; • the effect of any rating agency actions on the cost and availability of new debt financing; • the impact of adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures and liquidity concerns, which could cause continued or worsening economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; 2 • significant change in the mortgage financing market or other factors that would cause single-family housing or other alternative housing options, either as an owned or rental product, to become a more significant competitive product; • ability to continue to satisfy complex rules in order to maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the ability of the Operating Partnership to satisfy the rules to maintain its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the ability of our taxable REIT subsidiaries to maintain their status as such for federal income tax purposes, and our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these rules; • inability to attract and retain qualified personnel; • cyber liability or potential liability for breaches of our or our service providers’ information technology systems, or business operations disruptions; • potential liability for environmental contamination; • changes in the legal requirements we are subject to, or the imposition of new legal requirements, that adversely affect our operations; • extreme weather and natural disasters; • disease outbreaks and other public health events and measures that are taken by federal, state and local governmental authorities in response to such outbreaks and events; • impact of climate change on our properties or operations; • legal proceedings or class action lawsuits; • impact of reputational harm caused by negative press or social media postings of our actions or policies, whether or not warranted; • compliance costs associated with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations; and • other risks identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under the caption “Risk Factors,” and in other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, or in other documents that we publicly disseminate. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date on which this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed. PART I Item 1. B usiness. Overview MAA, an S&P 500 company, is a multifamily-focused, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT. We own, operate, acquire and selectively develop apartment communities primarily located in the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S. As of December 31, 2025, we maintained full or partial ownership of apartment communities, including communities currently in development, across 16 states and the District of Columbia, summarized as follows: Multifamily Communities (1) Units Consolidated 301 (2) 102,814 (3) Unconsolidated 1 269 Total 302 103,083 (1) As of December 31, 2025, 35 of the Company’s apartment communities included retail components. (2) Number of communities includes eight communities under development as of December 31, 2025. One of these developments is a phase II expansion of an existing apartment community. (3) Number of units excludes development units not yet delivered as of December 31, 2025. Our business is conducted principally through the Operating Partnership. MAA is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, holding 116,878,077 OP Units, comprising a 97.5% partnership interest in the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2025. MAA and MAALP were formed in Tennessee in 1993. 3 Business Objectives Our primary business objectives are to generate a sustainable, stable and increasing cash flow that will fund our dividends and distributions through all parts of the real estate investment cycle. To achieve these objectives, we intend to continue to pursue the following goals and strategies: • create value for our shareholders, residents, associates and the communities in which our properties are located; • effectively operate our existing properties with an intense property and asset management focus; • utilize technology to provide services desired by our residents and create efficiencies and performance advantages in our operations; • take an opportunistic approach to buying, developing, selling and renovating apartment communities; • diversify our portfolio across markets, submarkets, product type (i.e., garden style, mid-rise, and high-rise) and price points to minimize operating performance volatility; • offer attractive work environments, compensation and incentive packages and career development opportunities to attract and retain required talent; and • actively manage our balance sheet and capital structure. Operations Our goal is to generate return on investment collectively and in each apartment community by increasing revenues, controlling operating expenses, maintaining high occupancy levels and reinvesting in the income producing capacity of each apartment community as appropriate. The steps taken to meet these objectives include: • providing quality housing, exceptional service and a high-quality resident experience; • delivering management information and improved customer services through technology innovations; • implementing programs to control expenses through investment in cost-saving initiatives; • analyzing individual asset productivity performances to identify best practices and improvement areas; • maintaining the physical condition of each property through ongoing capital investments; • improving the “curb appeal,” amenities and common areas of the apartment communities through environmentally-thoughtful landscaping and exterior improvements, and repositioning apartment communities from time to time to enhance or maintain market positions; • effectively utilizing search engine optimization, internet leasing solutions and other internet tools to generate leasing traffic; • managing lease expirations to align with peak leasing traffic patterns and to maximize productivity of property staffing; and • allocating additional capital, including capital for selective interior and exterior improvements. We believe in leveraging the strength of our enterprise as a foundation for our operating structure, which capitalizes on local management with specific market knowledge and accountability. Senior management, along with certain centralized asset management functions, are proactively involved in supporting and optimizing property operations and reviewing property management performance through extensive reporting processes and on-site visits. Our significant platform allows us to take advantage of technology that makes information sharing easier on a real-time basis, allows for operating efficiencies and continued expense control, and provides for various expanded revenue management practices to improve the support provided to on-site property operations. Investment in technology continues to drive operating efficiencies in our business and helps us to better meet the changing needs of our residents. Our residents have the ability to conduct business with us 24 hours a day, seven days a week and complete online leasing applications, leases and renewals through our web-based resident portal. Interacting with our residents through such technology has allowed us to improve resident satisfaction ratings and increase the efficiency of our operating teams. We continue to invest in technology to enable potential residents to examine their future homes both online (virtual touring) or by self-guided tour (self-touring) in addition to the more traditional guided tour. Acquisitions and Development Our external growth strategy is to acquire existing apartment communities, utilize our internal development team to develop our own apartment communities and partner with select developers to develop apartment communities that we will own completely after stabilization, which we refer to as a pre-purchase transaction. Acquisitions and development, along with dispositions, help us achieve and maintain our desired product mix, geographic diversification and asset allocation. Portfolio growth allows for maximizing the efficiency of the existing management and overhead structure. We have extensive experience in the acquisition and development of apartment communities. We will continue to evaluate opportunities that arise, and we will utilize this strategy to increase our number of apartment communities in strong and growing markets. 4 We acquired the following properties during the year ended December 31, 2025: Multifamily Acquisition Market Units Date Acquired MAA ONE28 Kansas City, MO-KS 318 August 2025 Land Acquisitions Market Acres Date Acquired MAA Point Hope (1) Charleston, SC 18.7 June 2025 MAA ONE28 II Kansas City, MO-KS 0.9 October 2025 MAA One Scottsdale Phoenix, AZ 3.2 October 2025 (1) Represents a pre-purchase multifamily development. We own 95% of the joint venture that owns this property. Construction of this development commenced in the second quarter of 2025. Development activities may be conducted through wholly-owned entities or through joint ventures with our pre-purchase transaction partners. Typically, fixed price construction contracts are signed with unrelated parties to minimize the risk of increases in construction costs. We may also engage in limited expansion development opportunities on existing communities in which we typically serve as the developer. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred $272.0 million in development costs and completed one development project. For information regarding our development costs, see Note 1 (Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Development Costs) to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following multifamily projects were under development as of December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands): Project Market Total Units Units Completed Costs to Date Budgeted Costs Estimated Costs Per Unit Expected Completion MAA Breakwater Tampa, FL 495 344 $ 192,360 $ 197,500 $ 399 1st Quarter 2026 Modera Liberty Row (1) Charlotte, NC 239 228 111,567 (3) 112,000 469 1st Quarter 2026 MAA Plaza Midwood (2) Charlotte, NC 302 88 87,111 101,500 336 3rd Quarter 2026 Modera Chandler (2) Phoenix, AZ 345 — 75,791 117,500 341 4th Quarter 2026 MAA Milepost 35 II Denver, CO 219 — 51,656 78,000 356 4th Quarter 2026 MAA Rove Richmond, VA 306 — 53,087 99,500 325 3rd Quarter 2027 MAA Point Hope (2) Charleston, SC 336 — 24,257 91,000 271 1st Quarter 2028 MAA One Scottsdale Phoenix, AZ 280 — 29,783 135,000 482 3rd Quarter 2028 Total 2,522 660 $ 625,612 $ 932,000 (1) In July 2024, we agreed to finance the third-party development of this property currently under construction. We have the option to purchase the property once it is stabilized. We consider an apartment community to be stabilized once it achieves 90% average physical occupancy for 90 days. (2) We own 95% of the joint venture that owns this property. (3) Represents the cost to MAA, net of the $9.6 million non-equity contribution from the third party developer. The following multifamily development project was completed during the year ended December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands): As of December 31, 2025 Project Location Total Units Development Costs Development Costs per Unit Construction Completed MAA Nixie Raleigh/Durham, NC 406 $ 142,841 352 3rd Quarter 2025 Dispositions We sell apartment communities and other assets that no longer meet our long-term strategy or when market conditions are favorable, and we redeploy the proceeds from those sales to acquire, develop and redevelop additional apartment communities and rebalance our portfolio across or within geographic regions. Dispositions also allow us to realize a portion of the value created through our investments and provide additional liquidity. We are then able to redeploy the net proceeds from our dispositions in lieu of raising additional equity or debt capital. In deciding to sell an apartment community, we consider current market conditions and generally solicit competing bids from unrelated parties for these individual properties. We then consider the sales price and other key terms of each proposal. We also consider portfolio dispositions when such a structure is useful to maximize proceeds and efficiency of execution. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we disposed of two multifamily communities totaling 576 units. 5 Property Redevelopment and Repositioning Activity We focus on both interior unit upgrades and property amenity and common area upgrades above and beyond routine capital upkeep on our apartment communities that we believe have the ability to support additional rent growth. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we renovated the kitchens and bathrooms of 5,995 apartment units at an average cost of $6,080 per apartment unit, achieving average rental rate increases of 7.0% above the normal market rate for similar but non-renovated apartment units. We have installed smart home technology (unit entry locks, mobile control of lights and thermostat and leak monitoring) at many of our apartment communities in order to provide additional resident value and increase rent growth. As of December 31, 2025, we had completed installation of Smart Home technology in over 96,000 units across our apartment community portfolio providing an increase in average effective rent per unit of approximately $25 per month since the initiative began during the first quarter of 2019. For a definition of average effective rent per unit, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Trends” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Separately, we continued our WiFi retrofit program at select apartment communities, as well as our property repositioning program to upgrade and reposition the amenity and common areas at select apartment communities for higher and above market rent growth after projects are completed and units are fully repriced. We spent $7.8 million on the WiFi retrofit program and $12.1 million on the property repositioning program during the year ended December 31, 2025. Portfolio Strategy Our goal is to maintain a diversified, balanced portfolio that we believe provides the optimal path to maximizing operating performance over the full economic cycle. Maintaining a diverse portfolio includes: • operating apartment communities in a variety of markets primarily across the Southeast, Southwest, and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S.; • operating apartment communities in a variety of submarkets within our markets (urban, suburban, inner loop, etc.); • operating apartment communities of different product types such as high-rise, mid-rise and garden style; and • offering a variety of different rent price points within a market or submarket. We believe a diverse portfolio performs well during economic up cycles and weathers economic down cycles better than a more homogenous portfolio. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we employed 2,507 associates. Our associates’ time, energy, creativity and passion are essential to our continued success as a company. With respect to our workforce, we focus on inclusion, providing market-competitive pay and benefits to support our associates’ well-being, encouraging our associates’ growth and development, fostering associate engagement and protecting our associates’ health and safety. We respect the privilege of providing value to those whose lives we touch. We call this outlook our “Brighter View.” To achieve these objectives, we use our Core Values to guide the way we interact with each other and conduct business by: • appreciating the uniqueness of each individual; • communicating openly and with integrity; • embracing opportunities; and • doing the right thing at the right time for the right reasons. These values inform our human capital management approach, including how we recruit, develop and retain our workforce and support an environment where associates feel included and respected. We maintain policies and practices intended to support a respectful and inclusive workplace and to promote equal employment opportunity and fair treatment. These practices are integrated into and support ongoing operations. Our Inclusion & Belonging Committee is comprised of associates from across the organization and is intended to support ongoing review of policies, practices, and educational efforts related to inclusion. The committee works collaboratively with our Chief Executive Officer and other members of our executive team to help ensure employment related policies, practices, and educational efforts are consistently applied and in a manner intended to be free from discrimination and bias. 6 We recruit from a diverse range of sources and talent pools including advertising open positions on job boards that target a broad range of candidate populations. As of December 31, 2025, ethnic/cultural minorities represented approximately 55% of our workforce, 44% of our collective corporate, regional and property leadership positions and 49% of our associates promoted during the year ended December 31, 2025. Also, as of December 31, 2025, females represented approximately 45% of our workforce, 56% of our collective corporate, regional and property leadership positions and 50% of our associates promoted during the year ended December 31, 2025. We take a comprehensive approach to supporting our associates’ physical and emotional health as well as their financial and professional well-being. Our associates are eligible for many benefit plans and programs for which we pay part or all of the cost, such as medical, dental and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, various wellness programs and an employee assistance program. In addition, we offer several supplemental and voluntary benefit plans, paid sick leave, paid vacation and other paid time off benefits to support our associates’ overall well-being. We strive to maintain an equitable compensation program for performance, designed to reward competitive levels of compensation based on employee contributions, performance and qualifications. We offer a 401(k) savings plan with an employer match as well as educational support for savings strategies. We also offer discounted rent to associates, parental leave and financial assistance with adoption expenses as well as grant up to three scholarships for associates’ dependents each year. Our training and development programs are designed to provide continuous learning for associates in the flow of their workday. Additionally, we encourage and provide financial assistance to our eligible associates to seek education and certification outside of the company through both apartment associations and accredited educational institutions. We encourage our associates to “embrace opportunities” including developing skills and knowledge needed for increased responsibilities as they promote within the company. We place an emphasis on communication in an effort to ensure associates feel informed and connected as an organization. We utilize a variety of communication channels to provide associates with timely information that is relevant to their role in the company, to company-wide initiatives and to their professional interests. We also believe the best way to gain in-depth insight into our associates’ outlook on their experience at MAA is to provide regular, frequent, and trusted opportunities to safely share feedback. From there, we are able to develop and continuously improve our work environment to enhance job satisfaction. We regularly conduct surveys with all associates to measure associate engagement and capture topical feedback to guide current programs, projects and progress. We are also driven to prove that we are listening to feedback given, and that real action and improvements are executed as a result. Lastly, we conduct an annual review process to provide an opportunity for each associate to build mutual understanding with leadership, gain self-discovery and learn about possible avenues for growth. We encourage a work environment where ideas, problems and solutions can be discussed with immediate managers and other management personnel. Capital Structure We use a combination of debt and equity sources to fund our business objectives. We focus on maintaining access, flexibility and low costs, which we believe allows us to proactively support normal business operations and source potential investment opportunities in the marketplace. We structure our debt maturities to avoid disproportionate exposure in any given year. Our primary debt financing strategy is to access the unsecured debt markets to provide our debt capital needs, but we also maintain a limited amount of secured debt and maintain our access to both the secured and unsecured debt markets for maximum flexibility. We also believe that we have significant access to the equity capital markets. We intend to target our total debt, net of cash held, to a range of approximately 30% to 36% of our adjusted total assets (as defined in the covenants for the unsecured senior notes issued by MAALP). Our charter and bylaws do not limit our debt levels and our Board of Directors can modify this policy at any time. We may issue new equity to maintain our debt within the target range. Covenants for our unsecured senior notes limit our total debt to 60% or less of our adjusted total assets. As of December 31, 2025, our total debt was 30.2% of our adjusted total assets. We intend to target the ratio of our net debt to Adjusted EBITDA re to a range of 4.5x to 5.5x. We monitor our debt levels to a ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA re in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings. We believe this is an important factor in the management of our debt levels to maintain an optimal capital structure, and it is also considered in the assignment of our credit ratings. Adjusted EBITDA re is measured on a trailing twelve-month basis. As of December 31, 2025, our net debt to Adjusted EBITDA re ratio was 4.3x. For additional information on net debt and Adjusted EBITDA re , including reconciliations of the most directly comparable U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, measures to both net debt and Adjusted EBITDA re , see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Net Debt, EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re ” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 7 We continuously review opportunities for lowering our cost of capital. We plan to continue using unsecured debt to take advantage of the lower cost of capital and flexibility provided by these markets. We will evaluate opportunities to repurchase shares when we believe that our share price is significantly below our net present value. We also look for opportunities where we can acquire or develop apartment communities, selectively funded or partially funded by sales of equity securities, when appropriate opportunities arise. We focus on improving the net present value of our investments by generating cash flow from our portfolio of assets above the estimated total cost of debt and equity capital. We routinely make new investments when we believe it will be accretive to shareholder value over the life of the investments. Competition and Market Demand Our apartment communities are located in areas that include other apartment communities. Occupancy and rental rates are affected by the number of competitive apartment communities as well as demand for housing in a particular area. The owners of competing apartment communities may have greater resources than us, and the managers of these apartment communities may have more experience than our management. Moreover, single-family rental housing, manufactured housing, condominiums and the new and existing home markets provide housing alternatives to potential residents of apartment communities. Competition for new residents is generally intense across all of our markets. Some competing apartment communities offer features that our apartment communities do not have or may be deemed to be in a more desirable location within the market. Competing apartment communities can use concessions or lower rents to obtain temporary competitive advantages. Also, some competing apartment communities are newer than our apartment communities, may have different amenities or otherwise be more attractive to a prospective resident. The competitive position of each apartment community is different depending upon many factors including submarket supply and demand. In addition, other real estate investors compete with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. These competitors include insurance companies, pension and investment funds, public and private real estate companies, investment companies and other public and private apartment REITs, some of which may have greater resources, greater ability to utilize leverage or lower capital costs than we do. We believe, however, that we are generally well-positioned to compete effectively for residents and acquisition and development opportunities. We believe our competitive advantages include: • a fully integrated organization with property management, development, redevelopment, acquisition, marketing, sales and financing expertise; • scalable operating and support systems, which include automated systems to meet the changing technological needs of our residents and associates; • access to a wide variety of debt and equity capital sources; • geographic diversification with a presence in 39 defined markets across the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S.; and • significant presence in many of our major markets that allows us to be a local operating expert and offer varying location, product type and price options within a market to meet a variety of prospective resident preferences. Moving forward, we plan to continue our focus on optimizing lease expiration management, current and prospective resident engagement, expense control and resident retention efforts and also to align employee incentive plans with our performance. We also plan to continue to make capital improvements to both our apartment communities and individual units on a regular basis to maintain a competitive position. We believe this plan of operation, coupled with the portfolio’s strengths in targeting residents across a geographically diverse platform, should position us for continued operational growth. For information regarding trends in market demand, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Trends” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Environmental Matters As a part of our standard apartment community acquisition and development processes, we generally obtain environmental studies of the sites from outside environmental engineering firms. The purpose of these studies is to identify potential sources of contamination at the site and to assess the status of environmental regulatory compliance. These studies generally include historical reviews of the site, reviews of certain public records, preliminary investigations of the site and surrounding properties, inspection for the presence of asbestos, poly-chlorinated biphenyls and underground storage tanks followed by the preparation and issuance of written reports. Depending on the results of these studies, more invasive procedures, such as soil sampling or ground water analysis, may be performed to investigate potential sources of contamination. These studies must be satisfactorily completed before we take ownership of an acquisition or development property; however, no assurance can be given that the studies or additional documents reviewed identify all significant environmental risks. See “Risk Factors – Environmental problems are possible and can be costly” and “Risk Factors – Compliance or failure to comply with laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our operations and the values of our properties” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 8 Should any potential environmental risks or conditions be discovered during our due diligence process, the potential costs of remediation will be assessed carefully and factored into the cost of acquisition, assuming the identified risks and factors are deemed to be manageable and within reason. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not aware of any existing conditions that we believe would be considered a material environmental liability. Nevertheless, it is possible that the studies do not reveal all environmental risks or that there are material environmental liabilities of which we are not aware. Moreover, no assurance can be given concerning future laws, ordinances or regulations, or the potential introduction of hazardous or toxic substances by neighboring properties or residents. Government Regulations We must own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop our properties in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or are subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations include landlord-tenant laws, employment laws, antitrust and other competition laws, laws benefiting disabled persons, privacy laws, tax laws, environmental laws, zoning laws, building codes and other laws regulating housing or that are generally applicable to our business and operations. Noncompliance with laws and regulations could expose us to liability, such as the imposition of fines by the government or the award of damages to private litigants, and could require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures, such as making modifications to our existing apartment communities or increasing construction costs for development communities. Compliance with the various laws and regulations we are subject to did not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to prior periods. For additional information, see “Risk Factors – Environmental problems are possible and can be costly” and “Risk Factors – Compliance or failure to comply with laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our operations and the values of our properties” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Qualification as a Real Estate Investment Trust MAA has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. To continue to qualify as a REIT, MAA must continue to meet certain tests which, among other things, generally require that our assets consist primarily of real estate assets, our income be derived primarily from real estate assets and that we distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (other than our net capital gains) to our shareholders annually. If MAA maintains its qualification as a REIT, MAA generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the corporate level on its net income to the extent it distributes such net income to its shareholders annually. Even if MAA continues to qualify as a REIT, it will continue to be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on its income and its property. For the year ended December 31, 2025, MAA paid total distributions of $6.06 per share of common stock to its shareholders, which was above the 90% REIT distribution requirement. Website Access to Our Reports MAA and the Operating Partnership file combined periodic reports with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, along with our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, are available on our website at https://www.maac.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Reference to our website does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the site and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All of the aforementioned materials may also be obtained free of charge by contacting our Investor Relations Department, 6815 Poplar Avenue, Suite 500, Germantown, Tennessee 38138. 9 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition or results of operations. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business faces significant risks and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that are not presently known to us, that we currently believe are immaterial or that could apply generically to any company may also significantly impact our business operations. If any of these risks occur, our business prospects, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, the market price of our stock and the trading price of our debt securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in our stock or debt securities. Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Our Operations Unfavorable market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy levels, rental revenues and the value of our properties. General economic conditions in the U.S. have fluctuated in recent years, and concerns persist regarding negative macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation and the labor market. Unfavorable market and economic conditions may significantly affect our occupancy levels, our rental rates and collections, the value of our properties and our ability to acquire or dispose of properties on economically favorable terms. Our ability to lease our properties at favorable rates is adversely affected by the increase in supply in the multifamily and other rental markets and is dependent upon the overall level in the economy, which is adversely affected by, among other things, job losses and unemployment levels, personal debt levels, a downturn in the housing market, stock market volatility, inflationary conditions and uncertainty about the future. Some of our major expenses generally do not decline when rents decline. We would expect that declines in our occupancy levels, rental revenues and/or the values of our properties would cause us to have less cash available to make payments on our debt and to make distributions, which could adversely affect our financial condition or the market value of our securities. Factors that may affect our occupancy levels, our rental revenues and/or the value of our properties include the following, among others: • downturns in global, national, regional and local economic conditions, particularly increases in unemployment or decreases in job growth in our markets; • declines in mortgage interest rates and home pricing, making alternative housing options more affordable; • government or builder incentives with respect to home ownership, making alternative housing options more attractive; • local real estate market conditions, including oversupply of apartments or other housing available for rent, or a reduction in demand for apartments in the area; • declines in the financial condition of our residents or commercial tenants, which may make it more difficult for us to collect rents from some residents or commercial tenants; • declines in market rental rates; • declines in household formation; and • increases in operating costs, if these costs cannot be passed through to our residents or commercial tenants. Failure to generate sufficient cash flow could limit our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions. Our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions depends on our ability to generate cash flow in excess of operating costs and capital expenditure requirements and/or to have access to the markets for debt and equity financing. Our funds from operations may be insufficient because of factors that are beyond our control. Such factors could include: • weakness in the general economy, which lowers job growth and the associated demand for apartment housing; • competition from other apartment communities or alternative housing options (including condominiums and single-family houses for rent or sale); • overbuilding of new apartments or oversupply of available apartments or alternative housing options in our markets, which might adversely affect occupancy or rental rates and/or require rent concessions in order to lease apartments; • increases in operating costs (including real estate taxes, utilities and insurance premiums) due to inflation and other factors, which may not be offset by increased rental rates; • inability to rent apartments on favorable economic terms; • changes in governmental regulations and the related costs of compliance; • the enactment of rent control or rent stabilization laws in the areas in which we operate or other laws regulating multifamily housing; • other changes in laws, including tax laws and housing laws; • an uninsured loss, including those resulting from a catastrophic storm, earthquake or act of terrorism; 10 • changes in interest rate levels and the availability of financing, borrower credit standards and down-payment requirements which could lead renters to purchase homes (if interest rates decrease and home loans are more readily available) or increase our acquisition and operating costs (if interest rates increase and financing is less readily available); and • the relative illiquidity of real estate investments. At times, we have relied on external funding sources to fully fund the payment of distributions to shareholders and our capital investment program, including our property developments. While we have sufficient liquidity to permit distributions at current rates through additional borrowings, if necessary, any significant and sustained deterioration in operations could result in our financial resources being insufficient to make payments on our debt and to make distributions at the current rate, in which event we would be required to reduce the distribution rate. Any decline in our funds from operations could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or to meet our loan covenants and could have a material adverse effect on our stock price or the trading price of our debt securities. We are dependent on a concentration of our investments in a single asset class, making our results of operations more vulnerable to a downturn or slowdown in the multifamily sector or other economic factors. As of December 31, 2025, substantially all of our investments are concentrated in the multifamily sector. As a result, we will be subject to risks inherent in investments in a single type of property. A downturn or slowdown in the demand for multifamily housing will have more pronounced effects on our results of operations and on the value of our assets than if we had diversified our investments into more than one asset class. Our operations are concentrated in the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S.; we are subject to general economic conditions in the regions in which we operate. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 41.2% of our portfolio (based on the number of completed apartment units) was located in our top five markets: Atlanta, Georgia; Dallas, Texas; Austin, Texas; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Orlando, Florida. In addition, our overall operations are concentrated in the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S. Our performance could be adversely affected by economic conditions in, and other factors relating to, these geographic areas, including supply and demand for apartments in these areas, zoning and other regulatory conditions and competition from other communities and alternative housing options. In particular, our performance is disproportionately influenced by job growth and unemployment. To the extent the economic conditions, job growth and unemployment in any of these markets deteriorate or any of these areas experiences natural disasters, the value of our portfolio, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions could be adversely affected. Substantial competition may adversely affect our revenues and limit our acquisition and development opportunities. There are numerous alternative housing options within the market area of each of our communities that compete with us for residents, including other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. Competitive housing in a particular area, particularly new supply (and especially during lease up efforts), could adversely affect our ability to retain residents, rent our apartments and increase or maintain rents, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, some of our competitors may have loan covenants or fund requirements that encourage decisions on occupancy targets or rental rates that vary from decisions based on market conditions, which could require us to react in ways that may negatively affect our performance. We also face competition from other businesses for acquisition and development opportunities. The activities of these competitors could cause us to pay higher prices for new properties than we otherwise would have paid or may prevent us from purchasing desired properties at all, which could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions. Failure to succeed in new markets may have adverse consequences on our performance. We may make acquisitions or pursue developments outside of our existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise. Our historical experience in our existing markets does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. We may be exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets, including an inability to accurately evaluate local market conditions and local economies, an inability to identify appropriate acquisition or development opportunities, an inability to hire and retain key personnel and a lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. In addition, we may abandon opportunities to enter new markets that we have begun to explore for any reason and may, as a result, fail to recover expenses already incurred. 11 Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances in, on, around or under such property. Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of, or failure to properly remediate, hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases may adversely affect the owner’s or operator’s ability to sell or rent the affected property or to borrow using the property as collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances may also be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether or not the facility is owned or operated by the person. Certain environmental laws impose liability for the release of asbestos-containing materials into the air, and third parties may also seek recovery from owners or operators of real property for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. Federal and state laws also regulate the operation and subsequent removal of certain underground storage tanks. In connection with the current or former ownership (direct or indirect), operation, management, development or control of real property, we may be considered an owner or operator of such apartment communities or as having arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances and, therefore, may be potentially liable for removal or remediation costs, as well as certain other costs, including governmental fines, and claims for injuries to persons and property. Our current policy is to obtain a Phase I environmental study on each apartment community that we seek to acquire or develop, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling, and to proceed accordingly. However, there can be no assurance that the Phase I environmental studies or other environmental studies undertaken with respect to any of our current or future apartment communities will reveal: • all or the full extent of potential environmental liabilities; • that any prior owner or operator of a property did not create any material environmental condition unknown to us; • that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more of such apartment communities; or • that environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions. Certain environmental laws impose liability on a previous owner of property to the extent that hazardous or toxic substances were present during the prior ownership period. A transfer of the property does not relieve an owner of such liability. Thus, we may have liability with respect to apartment communities previously sold by our predecessors or by us. There have been a number of lawsuits against owners and operators of multifamily apartment communities alleging personal injury and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real estate. Some of these lawsuits have resulted in substantial monetary judgments or settlements. Insurance carriers have reacted to these liability awards by excluding mold-related claims from standard policies and pricing mold endorsements separately. We have obtained a separate pollution insurance policy that covers mold-related claims and have adopted programs designed to minimize the existence of mold in any of our apartment communities as well as guidelines for promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold. To the extent not covered by our pollution policy, the presence of mold could expose us to liability from residents and others if property damage or health concerns, or allegations thereof, arise. Our business and operations are subject to physical and transition risks related to climate change. Many of our apartment communities are located in areas, such as coastal regions, that have historically been vulnerable to extreme weather events. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, areas where many of our communities are located could experience more frequent and intense extreme weather events and rising sea levels, which may cause significant damage to our properties, disrupt our operations and adversely impact our residents and rental revenue. Over time, such conditions could result in reduced demand for housing in areas where our communities are located, as well as higher costs for mitigating or repairing damage related to the effects of climate change, some which may not be fully covered by insurance. Similarly, these conditions may also negatively impact the types, pricing and terms of insurance we are able to procure. Changes in federal, state and local laws and regulations on sustainable buildings could result in increased operating costs and capital expenditures for us to meet mandated levels of energy efficiency and/or greenhouse gas emissions performance with respect to our existing communities and could also require us to spend more on our new development communities without a corresponding increase in rental revenues. For example, various laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, “green” building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy efficiency and waste management. The imposition of such requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving our existing communities (for example by requiring retrofits of existing communities to improve their energy efficiency and/or resistance to inclement weather) and developing new communities without creating corresponding increases in rental revenues, which would have an adverse impact on our operating results and could adversely impact the value of our properties. Additionally, if non-compliant with building efficiency standards, our existing communities may decrease in value. 12 Operations from new acquisitions, development projects, redevelopment activities, and platform initiatives may fail to perform as expected. We intend to continue to acquire, develop and redevelop apartment communities as part of our business strategy. Newly acquired, developed or renovated properties may not perform as we expect. We may also overestimate the revenue (or underestimate the expenses) that a new or repositioned property may generate. The occupancy rates and rents at these properties may fail to meet our expectations underlying our investment. In addition, with respect to acquisitions, we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate acquired apartment communities and new personnel into our existing operations, and the failure to successfully integrate those apartment communities or personnel would result in inefficiencies that could adversely affect our expected return on our investments. Likewise, we may acquire properties that are subject to liabilities or that have problems relating to environmental condition, state of title, physical condition or compliance with zoning laws, building codes or other legal requirements. In each case, our acquisition may be without any, or with only limited, recourse with respect to unknown liabilities or conditions, and we may be obligated to pay substantial sums to settle or cure it, which could adversely affect our cash flow and operating results. Further, we intend to continue to implement platform initiatives across our apartment communities as part of our business strategy. Once implemented, platform initiatives may not perform as we expect. We may also overestimate the revenue (or expense savings) that such platform initiatives may generate. Our implementation of long-standing succession planning could have adverse effects. To reduce the risk of disruption from the planned retirement and unexpected departure of long-term employees and board members, we engage in succession planning to identify and develop in-house candidates for leadership and key executive positions within the company, recruit talented associates to fill areas of expertise needed within the company, and continually assess the needs of MAA’s Board of Directors to ensure stable governance of the company. In the last few years, we have transformed our executive team by elevating several internal candidates to key leadership positions. Such significant change over a relatively short period of time could result in unintended negative effects, such as creating employee dissatisfaction that could affect retention of other key employees or impacting short-term strategic initiatives, which could adversely affect our business. We are subject to certain risks associated with selling apartment communities, which could limit our operational and financial flexibility. We plan to sell apartment communities that no longer meet our long-term strategy. However, adverse market conditions could limit our ability to sell properties when we want and to change our portfolio promptly to meet our strategic objectives. Likewise, federal tax laws applicable to REITs limit our ability to profit on the sale of properties, and this limitation could prevent us from selling properties when market conditions are favorable. From time to time, we may dispose of properties in transactions intended to qualify as “like-kind exchanges” under Section 1031 of the Code. If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. Development and construction risks could impact our profitability. As of December 31, 2025, we had eight development communities under construction representing 2,522 units once complete. We may make further investments in these and other development communities as opportunities arise and may do so through joint ventures with unaffiliated parties. Our development and construction activities are subject to the following risks: • we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in increased development costs, could delay initial occupancy dates for all or a portion of a development community and could require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project for which we are unable to obtain permits or authorizations; • we may be unable to obtain financing for development activities under favorable terms, which could cause a delay in construction resulting in increased costs, decreases in revenue and potentially cause us to abandon the opportunity; • yields may be less than anticipated as a result of delays in completing projects, costs that exceed budget, higher than expected concessions for lease-up and lower rents than initially estimated; • bankruptcy of developers in our development projects could impose delays and costs on us with respect to the development of our communities and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; • we may abandon development opportunities that we have already begun to explore, and we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in connection with exploring such opportunities; • we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of an apartment community on schedule, including by reason of work stoppages, labor disputes, shortages of skilled tradespeople and shortages of building components and materials; 13 • we may incur development or construction costs, including labor and building components and materials, that exceed our original estimates and we may be unable to charge rents that would compensate for any increase in such costs; • occupancy rates and rents at a newly developed apartment community may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, preventing us from meeting our profitability goals for that community; • when we sell apartment communities that we developed or renovated, we may be subject to warranty or construction defects that are uninsured or exceed the limit of our insurance; • our failure to successfully enter into a joint venture agreement may prohibit an otherwise advantageous investment; • changes in laws and regulations, or enforcement priorities, such as the imposition of tariffs or changes in immigration laws or their enforcement, could result in higher building component costs, tighter overall labor conditions and a shortage of skilled tradespeople, which could increase our costs of development and cause delays in the construction of our development communities; and • adoption of laws and regulations designed to address climate change and its effects, including “green” building codes, could increase our costs of development and cause delays in the construction of our development communities. Increasing real estate taxes, utilities and insurance premiums, as well as changes in the terms and conditions of our insurance policies, may negatively impact operating results. As a result of our substantial real estate holdings, the cost of real estate taxes, utilities and insurance for our apartment communities represents a significant component of expense. These costs are subject to substantial increases and fluctuations, which can be widely outside of our control. For example, the current and potential impacts of climate change, along with the increased risk of extreme weather events and natural disasters have caused significant increases in our property insurance premiums and may adversely affect the availability and terms of coverage in the future. Additionally, “social inflation” has caused the cost of general liability claims to rise at a rate well above general economic inflation, primarily due to a trend in increasing litigation costs related to unpredictable jury verdicts for plaintiffs seeking large monetary relief for their injuries. Premises liability is of particular concern for multifamily apartment owners. In general, these factors have pressured insurance premiums and made it more challenging to obtain appropriate coverage at reasonable rates without assuming higher levels of self-retained risk. If the costs associated with real estate taxes, utilities and insurance premiums continue to rise without being offset by corresponding increases in rental revenues or, in the case of insurance, strategic self-retention of risk, our operating results could be negatively impacted, potentially affecting our ability to meet debt obligations and make distributions. Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents, and we may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. Our apartment leases are generally for a term of approximately one year. The short-term nature of these leases generally serves to reduce our risk to adverse effects of inflation as our leases allow for adjustments in the rental rate at the time of renewal, which may enable us to seek rent increases. However, since our leases typically permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 14 We rely on information technology systems in our operations, and any breach or security failure of those systems could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. We rely on proprietary and third-party information technology systems to process, transmit and store information and to manage or support our business processes. We store and maintain confidential financial and business information regarding us and persons with whom we do business on our information technology systems. We also collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing and property management activities, and we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our employees in connection with their employment. In addition, we engage third-party service providers that may collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents, prospective residents and employees in connection with providing business services to us, including web hosting, property management, leasing, accounting, payroll and benefit services. The protection of the information technology systems on which we rely is critically important to us. As described in more detail under the heading "Cybersecurity" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we take steps, and generally require third-party service providers to take steps, to protect the security of the information maintained in our and our service providers’ information technology systems, including the use of systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmitting and storing of the information. However, we face risks associated with breaches or security failures of the information technology systems on which we rely, which could result from, among other incidents, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses or employee error or misconduct. This risk of a data breach or security failure, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusion, has generally increased due to the rise in new technologies, such as ransomware and generative artificial intelligence, and the increased sophistication and activities of the perpetrators of attempted attacks and intrusions, including as a result of the intensification of state-sponsored cybersecurity attacks during periods of geopolitical conflict, such as the ongoing conflicts involving Ukraine and in the Middle East. The security measures put in place by us and our service providers cannot provide absolute security and there can be no assurance that we or our service providers will not suffer a data security incident in the future, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to sensitive information stored on our or our service providers’ systems, that such access will not, whether temporarily or permanently, impact, interfere with or interrupt our operations, or that any such incident will be discovered in a timely manner. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable as the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed to not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies, by us and our third-party service providers, may also heighten our cybersecurity risks by making cyber attacks more difficult to detect, contain and mitigate. In addition, third-party information technology providers may not provide us with fixes or updates to hardware or software in a manner as to avoid an unauthorized loss or disclosure or to address a known vulnerability, which may subject us to known threats or downtime as a result of those delays. Accordingly, we and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures. Further, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to enhance information security measures and internal processes and procedures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. A data security incident could compromise our or our service providers’ information technology systems, and the information stored by us or our service providers, including personally identifiable information of residents, prospective residents and employees, could be accessed, misused, publicly disclosed, corrupted, lost or stolen. Any failure to prevent a data breach or a security failure of our or our service providers’ information technology systems could interrupt our operations, result in downtime, divert our planned efforts and resources from other projects, damage our reputation and brand, damage our competitive position, make it difficult for us to attract and retain residents, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Similarly, if our service providers fail to use adequate security or data protection processes, or use personal data in an unpermitted or improper manner, we may be liable for certain losses and it may damage our reputation. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. Our business continues and will continue to demand the use of sophisticated systems, software and technology, including artificial intelligence. These systems, software and technologies must be refined, updated and replaced on a regular basis in order for us to meet our business requirements, our residents’ demands and expectations, and regulatory requirements. If we are unable to do so on a timely basis or at a reasonable cost, or fail to do so, our business could suffer. Also, we may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new system, software or technology, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could adversely affect our results of operations. 15 Compliance or failure to comply with laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our operations and the values of our properties. We must own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop our properties in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or are subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations include landlord-tenant laws, employment laws, laws benefitting disabled persons, antitrust and other competition laws, privacy laws, tax laws, environmental laws, zoning laws, building codes and other laws regulating housing or that are generally applicable to our business and operations. Noncompliance with laws and regulations could expose us to liability, such as the imposition of fines by the government or the award of damages to private litigants, and could require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures, such as making modifications to our existing apartment communities or increasing construction costs for development communities. As our industry becomes increasingly regulated, we do not know whether the legal requirements we are subject to will change or whether new requirements will be imposed. For example, privacy laws continue to evolve, with several states passing new data privacy laws that govern the collection, processing, use, security and disclosure of information about state residents, such as the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act. In addition, there are legislative efforts underway at the local, state and federal levels related to tenant screening limitations, affordable housing mandates, increased eviction notice periods, mandatory alternative dispute resolution and access to legal counsel for unrepresented tenants. Likewise, we have seen an increase in governments implementing, considering or being urged by tenant advocacy groups to consider rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations and other tenants’ rights laws and regulations. New or changed legal requirements implemented in the markets in which we operate could require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures and could also limit our ability to recover increases in operating expenses, impose limitations on our ability to charge market rents or increase rents or charge certain fees, impose limitations on our ability to enforce remedies for the failure to pay rent or otherwise adversely impact our operations. Therefore, any such new or changed legal requirements could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations and the value of our properties. Legal