 Page 27 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable Item 1C Cybersecurity Page 34 Item 2 Properties Page 36 Item 3 Legal Proceedings Page 36 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Page 26 Item 6 [Reserved] Not applicable Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Page 7 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Page 22 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Page 38 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable Item 9A Controls and Procedures Page 68 Item 9B Other Information Page 69 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Page 37 , (a) Item 11 Executive Compensation (a) Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Page 68 , (a) Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence (a) Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services (a) Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Page 70 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary Not applicable Signatures Page 73 (a) - The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2025 . McDonald's Corporation 2025 Annual Report 72 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. McDonald’s Corporation (Registrant) By /s/ Ian F. Borden Ian F. Borden Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2026 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated below on the 24th day of February, 2026: By /s/ Ian F. Borden By /s/ Margaret H. Georgiadis Ian F. Borden Margaret H. Georgiadis Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer Director (Principal Financial Officer) By /s/ Anthony G. Capuano By /s/ Michael D. Hsu Anthony G. Capuano Michael D. Hsu Director Director By /s/ Kareem Daniel By /s/ Christopher J. Kempczinski Kareem Daniel Christopher J. Kempczinski Director Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By /s/ Lloyd H. Dean By /s/ Jennifer L. Taubert Lloyd H. Dean Jennifer L. Taubert Director Director By /s/ Lauren B. Elting By /s/ Paul S. Walsh Lauren B. Elting Paul S. Walsh Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer and Director Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) By /s/ Catherine M. Engelbert By /s/ Amy E. Weaver Catherine M. Engelbert Amy E. Weaver Director Director By /s/ James D. Farley, Jr. By /s/ Miles D. White James D. Farley, Jr. Miles D. White Director Director McDonald's Corporation 2025 Annual Report 73 