. You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance or financial condition in the future. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. In addition to the effects of ongoing macroeconomic volatility and uncertainty, including current and potential trade and tariff actions affecting the countries where we operate and resulting impacts on our business and operations discussed in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and in the risk factors below, additional or unforeseen effects from these actions may give rise to or amplify many of these risks discussed below. Strategic and Operational Risks Commodity and other input prices are volatile and may increase or decrease significantly or availability of commodities may become constrained. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including cocoa, dairy, wheat, edible oils, sugar and other sweeteners, flavoring agents and nuts. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of product packaging materials, natural gas, fuel and electricity for our factories and warehouses, and we also incur expenses in connection with labor and the transportation and delivery of our products. Costs of raw materials, energy and other supplies and services are volatile and fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict. These conditions include global competition for resources; tariffs or other trade barriers; currency fluctuations; geopolitical conditions or conflicts (including the ongoing war in Ukraine and international sanctions imposed on Russia for its invasion of Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East, rising tensions between China and Taiwan and recent geopolitical developments in Venezuela); inflationary pressures related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues; transportation and labor disruptions; government intervention to introduce living income premiums or similar requirements; changes in environmental or trade policy and regulations, alternative energy and agricultural programs; severe weather; agricultural productivity; animal and crop disease or pests; water risk; health pandemics; forest fires and other natural disasters; acts of terrorism; geopolitical regional conflicts; cybersecurity incidents; supplier capacity; and consumer or industrial demand. During 2025, price volatility and higher aggregate costs were driven by a confluence of factors: soaring commodity prices (especially for cocoa beans), disrupted international supply chains, labor market challenges and increased transportation and labor costs. For additional information, refer to Item 7, Commodity Trends . Many of these conditions are or could be exacerbated or worsened by climate change. Increased government intervention and consumer or activist responses caused by increased focus on climate change, deforestation, water, plastic waste, animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system could adversely affect our or our suppliers’ reputation and business and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business. Some commodities are grown by smallholder farmers who might not be able to invest to increase productivity or adapt to changing conditions. Our efforts to monitor our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against price increases cannot fully protect us from changes in input costs, including due to factors like changing import duties and tariffs, market illiquidity, specific local regulations and downstream costs. Thus, our hedging strategies have not always protected and will not in the future always protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. Continued volatility in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase or changes in the types of commodities we purchase as we continue to evolve our product and packaging portfolio could increase or decrease the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer as a result. Moreover, increases in the price of our products, including increases to cover inflation and higher input, packaging and transportation costs, may result in lower sales volumes or customer delistings, while decreases in input costs could require us to lower our prices and thereby affect our revenues, profits or margins. Likewise, constraints in the supply or availability of key commodities and necessary services like 12 Table of Contents transportation may limit our ability to grow our net revenues and earnings. If our mitigation activities are not effective, if we are unable to price to cover increased costs (including if we are delayed in our ability to raise prices or unable to raise the prices of our products enough to keep up with the rate of inflation), if we must reduce our prices, if increased prices affect demand for our products (including if consumers forego purchasing certain of our products or switch to “private label” or lower-priced product offerings), if we change the recipes of some of our product offerings, or if we are limited by supply or distribution constraints, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, reputation and stock price can be materially adversely affected. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including potential cost impacts of any tariffs that may be enacted by governments as well as other trade and regulatory uncertainty. We are a global company and generated 75.8% of our 2025 net revenues, 74.0% of our 2024 net revenues and 73.4% of our 2023 net revenues outside the United States. We market our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries. Therefore, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. Those risks include: • the imposition of increased or new tariffs, sanctions, export controls, quotas, trade barriers, labor reforms, price floors or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities like cocoa, potential changes in U.S. trade programs and trade relations with other countries, restrictions on cross-border data transfers, or regulations, taxes or policies that affect our operations, sales or profitability. Also refer to “ We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and/or other foreign government s”; • changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation (and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation), volatile commodity prices, the ongoing longer-term impact of changes in international trade policies and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and transportation; • compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”); • compliance with antitrust and competition laws, trade laws, data privacy laws, anti-bribery laws, human rights laws, new regulations intended to address increasing global concerns around forced labor, and a variety of other local, national and multinational regulations and laws in multiple regimes; • currency devaluations or fluctuations in currency values, including in developed and emerging markets. This includes events like applying highly inflationary accounting as we did for our Argentinean subsidiaries beginning in the third quarter of 2018, Türkiye beginning in the second quarter of 2022 and both Egypt and Nigeria beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024; • changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished products into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States; • increased sovereign risk, such as defaults by or deterioration in the economies and credit ratings of governments, particularly in emerging markets; • changes or inconsistencies in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources; • varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights; • discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies; • greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; and • design, implementation and use of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base. In addition, increased political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, government shutdowns, product boycotts, travel or immigration restrictions, tariffs and other trade restrictions, public health risks or pandemics, energy policy or restrictions, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties, including inaccuracies in our assumptions about these factors, could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. High unemployment or the slowdown in economic growth in some markets could constrain consumer spending. Declining consumer purchasing power could result in loss of market share and adversely impact our profitability. The nature and degree of the various risks we face can also differ significantly among our regions and businesses. 13 Table of Contents We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and/or other foreign governments. Changes in the import and export policies, including trade restrictions, new or increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and countersanctions, safeguards or customs restrictions by the U.S. and/or other foreign governments, could require us to change the way we conduct business and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, reputation and our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees in the short or long term. Likewise, changes in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business. As of January 2026, the U.S. maintains higher tariffs on imported goods (finished products and inputs) from many trading partners as compared to prior years. Some of these tariffs have increased our costs for finished products, as well as some ingredients and packaging used to produce and distribute our products. In some cases, U.S. tariff policy has also resulted in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods entering foreign markets. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may cause us to modify our operations or forgo business opportunities. For additional information, refer to Business Trends – Trade and Regulatory Uncertainty under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The war in Ukraine has impacted and could continue to impact our business operations, financial performance and results of operations. The war in Ukraine has impacted and could continue to impact our business operations, financial performance and results of operations (as discussed below in Recent Developments and Significant Items Affecting Comparability – War in Ukraine under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ). The scope and duration of the war in Ukraine is uncertain and rapidly changing, and we are unable to predict the full extent to which the war in Ukraine will impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations and stock price in the future. We have discontinued new capital investments and suspended our advertising spending in Russia. As the business and geopolitical environment continues to change, our operations and activity in Russia, which accounted for 3.7% of 2025 consolidated net revenues, and/or Ukraine, which accounted for 0.4% of 2025 consolidated net revenues, may decline or be further scaled back. International sanctions, export controls and other measures, including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from Russia, that have been imposed on Russian entities, make it more difficult to operate in Russia, and failure to comply with applicable sanctions and measures could subject us to regulatory penalties and reputational risk. The war could also result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets due to expropriation or further curtailment of our ability to conduct business operations in Russia, and our Russian assets may become partially or fully impaired, or our operations may be deconsolidated in future periods, or our business operations terminated. In addition, our operations may be subject to increased disruptions to our information systems, including through network failures, malicious or disruptive software or cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations. There is a possibility of loss of life and physical damage and destruction of property. We may not be able to operate in certain areas due to damage and safety concerns. We might also face questions or negative scrutiny from stakeholders about our operations in Russia despite our role as a food company and our public statements about Ukraine and Russia. The war in Ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty. The war continues to disrupt commodity markets, including for wheat, energy and energy-related commodities, and continues to contribute to supply chain disruption and inflation. Other ongoing consequences of the war have included increased volatility of input prices, including for packaging materials, energy, commodities, other raw materials, labor and transportation; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; increased exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, including volatility of the Russian ruble; constraints, volatility or disruptions in the credit and capital markets; increased costs to ensure compliance with global and local laws and regulations; difficulty protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights; and heightened risk to employee safety including health and safety risks related to securing and maintaining facilities. We expect continued volatility with respect to commodity and other input prices, and our hedging activities might not sufficiently offset this volatility. 14 Table of Contents These and other impacts of the war in Ukraine could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors presented in this filing, including those relating to our reputation, brands, product sales, sanctions, trade relations in countries in which we operate, input price inflation and volatility, results of operations and financial condition. We might not be able to predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. We operate in a highly competitive industry where we face risks related to the execution of our strategy as well as our ability or willingness to respond, timely or otherwise, to channel shifts, pricing and other competitive pressures. The food and snacking industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors are food, snack and beverage companies that operate globally, regionally and locally, and, in many markets, include retailers with their own branded and private label products. Failure to effectively respond to actions, innovations or other challenges from our competitors could adversely affect our business. Competitor and customer pressures require that we timely and effectively respond to changes in relevant markets, including changes to distribution channels and technological developments. These pressures could affect our prices, including our ability to price in response to commodity and other cost increases. Our ability to succeed depends on our ability to adapt to changing market conditions, which includes identifying and responding to new or developing trends, technological advancements (including advancements such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and augmented reality) which are increasingly important for understanding evolving consumer preferences. Our ability to adjust distribution methods and pricing, including adapting to fluctuating inflation, new or increased tariffs, taxes and/or trade barriers, economic conditions and recessions, as well as implementing effective trade incentives is also critical to advancing our priorities. Failure in these areas could negatively impact availability of or demand for our products, our operating results, achievement of our strategic and financial goals and our ability to capitalize on new revenue or value-producing opportunities. The rapid growth of some channels, such as discounters and digital commerce, may impact our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, create consumer price deflation, alter the buying behavior of consumers or disrupt our retail customer relationships. We may need to increase or reallocate spending on existing and new distribution channels and technologies, marketing, advertising and new product innovation to maintain or increase revenues, market share and brand significance. These expenditures may not be successful, including those related to our digital commerce and other technology-focused efforts, and might not result in trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We will be disadvantaged if we are not able to effectively leverage developing online channels such as direct-to-consumer and electronic business-to-business commerce. New distribution channels, as well as growing opportunities to utilize external manufacturers, lower the barriers to entry and allow smaller competitors to gain market share more effectively. Additionally, if we adjust pricing but cannot maintain or increase sales volumes, or our labor or other costs increase but we cannot increase prices to offset those changes, our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. Further, our ability to compete may be limited by an inability to secure new retailers or maintain or add shelf and/or retail space for our products. There can be no assurance that retailers will provide sufficient, or any, shelf space, nor that online retailers will provide online access to, or adequate product visibility on, their platform. Unattractive placement or pricing may put our products at a disadvantage compared to those of our competitors. Even if we obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales or pricing expectations set by our retailers, potentially causing these retailers to remove our products from their shelves. Promoting and protecting our reputation and brand image is essential to our business success. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands, expand within and to new geographies and new distribution platforms such as digital commerce, and evolve our portfolio with new product offerings that meet consumer needs and expectations. We seek to strengthen our brands through investments in our product quality, product renovation, innovation and marketing investments, including consumer-relevant advertising, digital communication and consumer promotions. Actual or perceived failure to effectively address the continuing global focus on well-being, including changing consumer acceptance of certain ingredients, industrial manufacturing and processing, nutritional expectations of our products, the sustainability of our ingredients, our supply chain (including human rights, deforestation, and animal welfare issues) and our packaging (including plastic packaging and its 15 Table of Contents ability to be recycled and other environmental impacts) could adversely affect our brands. Increased negative attention from the media, academics and online influencers, governments, shareholders and other stakeholders in these areas as well as on the role of food marketing, our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events, and other environmental, social, human capital or governance practices could adversely affect our brand image. Undue caution or our failure to react timely in addressing these challenges and trends could weaken our competitive position. Such pressures could also lead to stricter regulations, industry self-regulation that is unevenly adopted among companies, increased transparency in public disclosures, and increased focus on food and snacking, including marketing and labeling practices. Increasing and disparate legal or regulatory restrictions on our labeling, advertising and consumer promotions, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands. This includes regulations such as front-of-pack labeling and selective food taxes in multiple jurisdictions as well as age-based or location-based restrictions on sales of products with certain nutritional profiles. Moreover, adverse publicity, regulatory developments or legal action against us, our employees, licensees, or other actors in our supply chain related to product quality and safety, where and how we manufacture our products, environmental concerns including climate change and waste management, human and workplace rights across our supply chain, alleged health implications of certain food products or processing methods, labor relations, or antitrust, anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance could damage our reputation and brand health. Such actions could undermine our customers’ and shareholders’ confidence and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or these matters are immaterial to our operations. Our product sponsorship relationships, including those with celebrity spokespersons, influencers or group affiliations, could also subject us to negative publicity. In addition, our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand image depends on our ability to anticipate change and adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on established and emerging social media and online platforms, digital and mobile dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns, targeted marketing and the increasing accessibility and speed of dissemination of information. A variety of legal and regulatory restrictions as well as our own policies and participation in industry self-regulation initiatives limit how and to whom we market our products. These restrictions may limit our brand renovation, innovation, marketing and promotion plans, particularly as social media and the communications environment continue to evolve. The social media platforms we use to market our products may change their marketing rules or algorithms or may fall out of favor with certain consumer groups, and we may fail to effectively adapt our marketing strategies or may decide to no longer utilize certain platforms for marketing. We might also fail to sufficiently evolve our digital marketing efforts to effectively utilize consumer data. Negative posts or comments about Mondelēz International, our brands or our employees on social media or web sites (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to the use of our social media accounts and failure to respond effectively to these posts, comments or activities could damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we operate. Placement of our advertisements in social media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. Our brands may also be associated with or appear alongside harmful content including outputs from generative artificial intelligence models. In addition, we might fail to invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brands, our marketing efforts might not achieve desired results and we might be required to recognize impairment charges on our brands or related intangible assets or goodwill. Third parties may sell counterfeit or imitation versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. When consumers confuse these counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand, they might refrain from purchasing our brands in the future, which could harm our brand image and sales. Third parties might also improperly use our brands as part of phishing or other scams, which could negatively affect our brand image. We must correctly predict, identify, interpret and meet changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new and improved products that meet those changes. Consumer preferences for food and snacking products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, interpret and meet the tastes, dietary habits, packaging, sales channel and other preferences of consumers around the world and to offer products that appeal to these preferences in the places and ways consumers want to shop. There may be further shifts in the relative size of shopping channels in addition to the increasing role of digital tools (including artificial intelligence and machine learning) and commerce for consumers. Our success relies upon managing this complexity to promote and bring our products to consumers effectively. Weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, new or increased food regulation, taxes, tariffs and/or trade barriers, equity market volatility or other factors, such as global or local pandemics, geopolitical tensions, public boycotts, uncertainty regarding the availability of certain governmental subsidies available to our consumers (such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in the U.S.), severe or unusual weather events, and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events, may affect consumer preferences and demand in 16 Table of Contents ways that are hard to predict. Failure to offer, effectively promote and deliver products that appeal to consumers or to correctly judge consumer demand for our products will impact our ability to meet our growth targets, and our sales and market share could decrease and our profitability could suffer. We must distinguish between short-term fads and trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. Our sales can be adversely affected when we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences or category trends will be long term or we fail to introduce new and evolved products to satisfy changing preferences. In addition, because of our varied and geographically diverse consumer base, we must be responsive to local consumer preferences, including with respect to when and how consumers snack and their desire for premium or value offerings. We must also provide an array of product formats, pack sizes and price points that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences and use marketing and advertising effectively to reach consumers at the right time with the right message. Increasing and disparate statutory or regulatory restrictions on our ingredients, labeling, advertising and consumer promotions, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to offer and deliver products that appeal to consumers. Likewise, new or increased tariffs, taxes and/or trade barriers and our response to these tariffs and/or trade barriers could limit our ability to offer and deliver our products on a cost-effective basis. Demand for our products could decrease and our profitability could suffer if we fail to expand and promote our product offerings successfully across product categories, rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories or reach consumers in efficient and effective ways leveraging data and analytics (including artificial intelligence and machine learning). Negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental and social implications of certain food products, ingredients, additives, preservatives, packaging materials, sourcing or production methods and other company practices could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example, consumers have increasingly focused on well-being, including by reducing their consumption of sodium, processed foods and foods with added sugar, using weight-loss drugs and examining the source and authenticity of ingredients in the foods they consume. Statements by public officials relating to alleged risks associated with particular processing methods, ingredients or additives used in our products, or contaminants allegedly present in the larger food or water supply, may affect consumer preferences and/or demand for some of our products. Regulators in some jurisdictions have also imposed, or may impose, taxes or other restrictions on the manufacture, distribution or sale of food and beverage products based on their nutritional profile or inclusion of particular ingredients, which may reduce overall demand for our products. Continuing to focus on and expand our well-being offerings while evolving the ingredient and nutrition profiles of existing products is important to our growth, as is maintaining focus on ethical sourcing and supply chain management opportunities to address evolving consumer preferences. In addition, consumer preferences differ by region, and we must monitor and adjust our use of ingredients and other activities to respond to these regional preferences. We might be unsuccessful in our efforts to effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and social expectations. Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including among others Brazil, China, India, Mexico, Argentina, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. In many countries, particularly those with emerging economies, engaging in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, or local anti-bribery laws may be more common. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. In addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low-cost local manufacturers improve and expand their production capacities. Our success in emerging markets is critical to achieving our growth strategy. Failure to successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 17 Table of Contents Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity risks and other business disruptions. We use information technology and third-party service providers to support our global business processes and activities. Global shared service centers managed by third parties provide a number of services important to conducting our business, including accounting, internal control, human resources and computing functions. Continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as viruses or malware; other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems’ maintenance or security; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service attacks; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. Our use of technologies such as cloud-based services and applications continues to evolve, presenting new and additional risks in managing access to our data, relying on third parties to manage and safeguard data, ensuring access to our systems and availability of third-party systems. Our use of third-party technology and business service providers may expose us to cybersecurity and privacy breaches. These can include: (1) compromises of security systems, which could involve circumvention, denial-of-service attacks, or other cyberattacks such as hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware or cyber extortion and (2) internal threats such as employee or insider errors, malfeasance, deepfake or social engineering schemes, physical breaches or other actions or attempts to exploit vulnerabilities. These threats could result in the misuse or compromise of confidential information and Personally Identifiable Information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or government and regulatory authorities. Additionally, continued geopolitical turmoil has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. Our information security program includes capabilities designed to detect, evaluate and mitigate cyber risks against our systems or arising from third-party service providers; however, we may not be able to fully prevent or mitigate cyber threats, particularly to externally-hosted technology and business services that are beyond our control. Additionally, new initiatives, such as those related to digital commerce and direct sales, that increase the amount of confidential and personal information that we process and maintain, increase our potential exposure to a cybersecurity incident. Furthermore, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence may intensify our cybersecurity risks and create new vectors of exposure. If our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans or those of our third-party providers do not effectively respond to or resolve the issues related to any such disruptions in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, results of operations and stock price may be materially and adversely affected, and we might experience delays in reporting our financial results, loss of intellectual property and damage to our reputation or brands. We continue to invest and augment our cybersecurity program and posture with enhanced identity and access management solutions, multi-factor authentication, risk-based access for remote connectivity, privileged access management, network security, backup and disaster recovery, training and awareness, in addition to advanced threat protection emanating from sophisticated, persistent and state-sponsored threat actors, further reducing our attack surface and likelihood of credential thefts and compromise. Further, we have 24/7 security operations, enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on our threat intelligence information. However, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. Further, we may not always be able to detect cyberattacks immediately, and once detected, their impact and severity may remain unclear until we have completed a full forensic investigation, which may take a significant amount of time. Taken together, these factors may prevent us from promptly providing complete, accurate and timely information about a cybersecurity incident to our customers, stakeholders, regulators and the public. Consistent with the increasing volume of cyberattacks globally, we are experiencing new and more frequent attempts by third parties to gain access to our systems, such as through increased email phishing of our workforce. Due to the constantly evolving and complex nature of cyber threat actors, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increase significantly. As cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude around the world, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in the amounts and on terms we view as appropriate and favorable for our operations. We transfer data across local, regional, and national borders to conduct our operations, and we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. Privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently 18 Table of Contents from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Our efforts to comply with multijurisdictional privacy and data protection laws and the uncertainty of new laws and regulations will likely increase the complexity of our processes and may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or be subject to litigation related to violations of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations. We are subject to risks from unanticipated business disruptions. We manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. We utilize an interdependent supply chain – a complex network of suppliers and material needs, owned and leased manufacturing locations, external manufacturing partners, distribution networks, shared service delivery centers and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. Factors that are hard to predict or are beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, water and energy availability, supply and commodity shortages, animal or crop diseases, port congestions or delays, transport capacity constraints, terrorism, political unrest or armed hostilities, cybersecurity incidents, labor shortages, demonstrations and protests, strikes or work stoppages, new or increased tariffs and/or trade barriers, operational and/or financial instability of our key suppliers and other vendors or service providers, government shutdowns or health pandemics, including any potential impact of climate change on these factors, could damage or disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers, their suppliers, our external manufacturing partners, distributors or other business partners. Failure to effectively prepare for and respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by not finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key or sole manufacturing or distribution locations or by not quickly repairing damage to our information, production or supply systems, can cause delays in delivering or the inability to deliver products to our customers, and the quality and safety of our products might be negatively affected. Moreover, disputes with significant customers or suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, and results of operations. The occurrence of a material or extended disruption may cause us to lose our customers’ or business partners’ confidence or suffer damage to our reputation, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. We use insurance to transfer our financial risk related to these exposures, but some of the risks we face are difficult or impossible to insure and the timing of insurance recoveries may not match the timing of the financial loss we incur. We are subject to risk related to operational safety, including risk of fire, explosion or accidental contamination. We could also fail to achieve our strategic objectives due to capability or technology deficiencies related to our ongoing reconfiguration of our supply chain to drive efficiencies and fuel growth. Further, our ability to supply multiple markets with a streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity, significant changes in trade policies, changes in volume produced and changes to regulatory restrictions or labor-related or other constraints on our ability to adjust production capacity in the markets in which we operate. These events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. We may not successfully identify, complete or manage strategic transactions. We regularly evaluate a variety of potential strategic transactions globally, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, equity method investments and other strategic alliances that could further our strategic business objectives, and acquisitions and joint ventures are an important part of our strategy to increase our exposure to fast-growing snacking segments, fill geographic white spaces and expand into adjacent categories. Such transactions and investments present significant challenges and risks. We may not successfully identify potential strategic transactions to pursue, may not have counterparties willing to transact with us, or we may not successfully identify or manage the risks presented by these strategic transactions, or complete such transactions. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable transactions; negotiate favorable contractual terms; comply with applicable regulations and receive necessary consents, clearances and approvals (including regulatory and antitrust clearances and approvals that may face increased scrutiny); integrate or separate businesses; manage or achieve performance of sustainability goals and initiatives; realize the full extent of the benefits, cost savings or synergies presented by strategic transactions; offset loss of revenue associated with divested brands or businesses; effectively implement control environment processes; minimize adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; achieve accurate estimates of fair value; minimize potential loss of customers or key employees; and minimize indemnities and potential disputes with buyers, sellers and strategic partners. In addition, execution or oversight of strategic transactions may result in the diversion of management attention from our existing business and may present financial, managerial and operational risks. With respect to acquisitions and joint ventures in particular, we are also exposed to potential risks based on our ability to conform standards, controls, policies and procedures, and business cultures; consolidate and streamline 19 Table of Contents operations and infrastructures; identify and eliminate, as appropriate, redundant and underperforming operations and assets; manage inefficiencies associated with the integration of operations; and coordinate timely and ongoing compliance with applicable laws, including antitrust and competition, environmental, food safety, anti-bribery and corruption and import/export laws. Equity investments and other strategic alliances pose additional risks, as we could share ownership in both public and private companies and in some cases management responsibilities with one or more other parties whose objectives for the alliance may diverge from ours over time, who may not have the same priorities, strategies or resources as we do, or whose interpretation of applicable policies may differ from our own. Transactions or ventures into which we enter might not meet our financial and non-financial control and compliance expectations or yield the anticipated benefits. Depending on the nature of the business ventures, including whether they operate globally, these ventures could also be subject to many of the same risks we are, including political, economic, regulatory and compliance risks, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and volatility of commodity and other input prices. Furthermore, we may not be able to complete, on terms favorable to us, desired or proposed divestitures of businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or our growth or profitability targets. Our divestiture activities, or related activities such as reorganizations, restructuring programs and transformation initiatives, may require us to provide or receive transitional support and/or ongoing commercial relationships, recognize impairment charges or take action to reduce costs that remain after we complete a divestiture. Gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may also affect our profitability. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Macroeconomic and Industry Risks Our business is subject to an increasing focus on sustainability matters. We have announced, and may from time to time announce, certain initiatives, including goals, targets and other objectives, related to sustainability matters. Our efforts to research, establish, accomplish, and accurately report on these goals, targets and other objectives do not guarantee we will ultimately achieve or maintain them and expose us to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the reliance on other value chain actors to implement the required changes, the pace of changes in technology and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. In addition, statements about our sustainability goals, targets and other objectives, and progress against those goals, targets and other objectives, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Our selection, interpretation and application of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Reporting methods for this data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations, and other changes in circumstances, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. Further, developing and collecting, measuring and reporting sustainability-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including recent legislation in California related to reporting greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related financial risk, the SEC’s climate-related reporting requirements (which are currently suspended, pending the outcome of ongoing legal challenges), and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies such as in the European Union, especially to the extent these standards are not harmonized or consistent. Our business may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, customers, consumers, employees, activists, media, regulators and other stakeholders related to our sustainability initiatives, including the goals, targets and objectives that we announce, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. We may be unable to satisfy all stakeholders, as they and regulators have also expressed or pursued opposing views, legislation and investment expectations with respect to sustainability initiatives, including through the enactment or pursuit of legislation or policies or challenging such initiatives. If our sustainability practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards or if we are unable to satisfy all stakeholders, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, our sales and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or as an acquiror could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental or other standards, regulations or expectations, or to satisfy various reporting standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have the 20 Table of Contents same negative impacts, as well as expose us to government enforcement actions, fines and private litigation. Even if we achieve our goals, targets and objectives, we may not realize all of the benefits that we expected at the time they were established. Changes in weather patterns around the globe, including as a result of climate change, expose us to physical and transition risks. Physical risks include the increasing frequency of extreme weather events and natural disasters and effects on water availability and quality and biodiversity loss. These impacts increase risks to the global food production and distribution system and to the safety and resilience of the communities where we live, work and source our ingredients, and could further decrease food security for communities around the world. Decreased agricultural productivity caused by such physical risks has limited and in the future may continue to limit the availability of the commodities we purchase and use and increase the costs of such products. These include cocoa, which is a critical raw material for our chocolate and biscuits & baked snacks portfolios that is particularly sensitive to changes in climate and has recently had a global decrease in availability and increase in price, as well as other raw materials such as dairy, wheat, vegetable oils, sugar and nuts. Weather events such as floods, severe storms or water shortages, including those partially caused or exacerbated by climate change might disrupt our business operations or those of our suppliers, their suppliers, our external manufacturing partners, distributors or other business partners and could increase our insurance and other operating costs. Transition risks include increased focus by federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies globally regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing or a carbon tax), energy policies, disclosure obligations and sustainability (including single use plastics). New legal and regulatory requirements have increased and could continue to increase our operating costs for things like energy or packaging through taxes or regulations, including payments under extended producer responsibility policies, taxes on specific packaging material types and targets to increase the use of reuse/refill delivery models. Regulations intended to reduce carbon emissions, including any actual or proposed carbon taxes, could also substantially increase our product supply chain and distribution costs. Changes we make to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements may be insufficient to avoid significant penalties or potential litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. Similarly, we may incur substantial costs if such legal or regulatory requirements are subsequently reversed or modified. Concern about climate change might cause consumer preferences to switch away from products or ingredients considered to have high climate change impact and towards products that are more sustainably grown and made. We expect to incur additional costs as we evolve our portfolio and engage in due diligence, verification and reporting in connection with our sustainability initiatives. We might not effectively address increased attention from the media, shareholders, activists and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability matters, including deforestation, land use, water use and packaging, including plastic. Those stakeholders might also have requests or proposals that are not aligned with the focus of our efforts on climate change and sustainability matters. Climate change-related impacts could also reduce demand for our products. If costs for raw materials increase or availability decreases, we raise prices for our products and our competitors respond differently to those cost or availability pressures, demand for our products and our market share could suffer. We have also experienced decreased demand for chocolate during periods when temperatures are warmer. In 2021, we announced our goal of net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Achieving this goal will require significant transformation of our business, capital investment and the development of technology that might not currently exist. We might incur significant additional expenses or be required to recognize impairment charges in connection with our efforts, and we might be unable to achieve, or be perceived to fail to achieve, our goal. Our retail customers are consolidating, and we must offer an effective value proposition in order to compete against retailer and other economy brands. Retail customers, such as supermarkets, discounters, digital commerce merchants, warehouse clubs and food distributors in the European Union, the United States and other major markets, continue to consolidate, form buying alliances or be acquired by new entrants in the food retail market, resulting in fewer, larger customers. Large retail customers and customer alliances can delist our products or reduce the shelf space allotted to our products and demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs or longer payment terms. Retail customers might also adopt these tactics in their dealings with us in response to the significant growth in online retailing for consumer products, which is outpacing the growth of traditional retail channels. The growth of alternative online retail channels, such as 21 Table of Contents direct-to-consumer and electronic business-to-business, may adversely affect our relationships with our large retail and wholesale customers. In addition, larger retail customers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. Our products must provide higher quality or value to our consumers than the less expensive alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty, recessions or significant inflation. Consumers may not buy our products if they perceive little difference between the quality or value of our products and those of retailer or other economy brands. If consumers prefer or otherwise choose to purchase the retailer or other economy brands, we can lose market share or sales volumes, or we may need to shift our product mix to lower margin offerings. Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers’ business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. For example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases. We are subject to changes in our relationships with significant customers, suppliers and distributors. During 2025, no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues. However, there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers continue to demand lower pricing and develop their own brands. The loss of or disruptions related to a significant customer could result in a material reduction in sales or change in the mix of products we sell to the customer. This could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Disputes with significant customers, suppliers or distributors, including disputes related to pricing or performance and any resultant refusal to provide shelf and/or retail spaces for our products, could adversely affect our ability to supply or deliver products or operate our business and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. The financial condition of our significant customers and business partners are affected by events that are largely beyond our control. New regulations can also affect our commercial practices and our relationship with customers, suppliers or distributors. We may be unable to hire or retain and develop key personnel or a highly skilled global workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce and respond to shifts in labor availability. We must attract, hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled global workforce. We compete to hire new personnel with a variety of capabilities in the many countries in which we manufacture and market our products and then to develop and retain their skills and competencies. We have experienced and could continue to experience unplanned or increased turnover of employees with key capabilities, and we could fail to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions or hire and retain a workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business. We could also fail to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities that we need to continue to respond to changing consumer and customer needs and grow our business, including skills in the areas of advanced technology, artificial intelligence, machine learning, digital commerce, data analytics and supply chain expertise. Occurrence of any of these conditions could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. We are experiencing an increasingly tight and competitive labor market and could face unforeseen challenges in the availability of labor. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base as a result of general macroeconomic factors (including high inflation and hyperinflation in certain markets), have led and in the future could continue to lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wages to attract and retain employees. We have also been negatively affected and could continue to be negatively affected by labor shortages or constraints experienced by our partners, including our external manufacturing partners, freight providers, other strategic suppliers and distributors. Failure to maintain a highly skilled workforce and leadership team, compensate our employees competitively and fairly, maintain a safe and inclusive environment or promote the well-being of our employees could affect our reputation and also result in lower performance and an inability to retain valuable employees. We must address changes in, and that affect, our workforce and satisfy the legal requirements associated with how we manage and compensate our employees. This includes our management of employees represented by labor unions or workers’ councils, who represent approximately 56% of our 79,000 employees outside the United States 22 Table of Contents and approximately 22% of our 12,000 U.S. employees. Strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest by our employees or those of our suppliers, distributors or other business partners, or situations like the renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements, have in the past and may in the future cause disruptions to our supply chain, manufacturing or distribution processes. Changes in immigration laws and policies or restrictions could make it more difficult to recruit or relocate skilled employees. We could also fail to effectively respond to evolving perceptions and goals of those in our workforce or whom we might seek to hire with respect to flexible working or other matters. Legal and Regulatory Risks We face risks related to complying with changes in and inconsistencies among laws and regulations in many countries in which we operate. Our activities around the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight. Various laws and regulations govern food production, sourcing, packaging and waste management (including packaging containing PFAS), storage, distribution, sales, advertising, labeling and marketing, as well as intellectual property, competition, antitrust, trade and export controls, labor (including human rights), tax, social and environmental matters, privacy, data protection, machine learning and artificial intelligence, and health and safety practices. Government authorities regularly change laws and regulations, their interpretations of existing laws and regulations, and their enforcement priorities. Our failure to comply with existing laws and regulations (including allegations thereof), or to make changes necessary to comply with new or revised laws and regulations (including interpretations thereof) or evolving interpretations and application of existing laws and regulations, and differing or competing laws and regulations across the markets where our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including as a result of higher compliance costs, higher capital expenditures and higher production costs. For instance, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively affected by the regulatory and economic impact of changes in the corporate tax policies of the United States and other countries; tariff policies and trade relations among the United States and other countries, including China, Mexico, Canada and the European Union; and recent regulatory initiatives within the European Union, including the EU Deforestation Regulation and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive. Furthermore, as the legal and regulatory environment for artificial intelligence and other emerging technologies continues to evolve, our compliance obligations may significantly increase our costs or limit the extent to which we are able to use these technologies. Evolving expectations on sustainability disclosures and reporting will also result in new regulatory actions. In addition, findings in studies or claims made in the media (whether or not scientifically valid) concerning the health implications of consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in certain of our products or packaging materials have resulted in and could continue to result in our being subject to new taxes and regulations or lawsuits that can adversely affect our business. We may decide or be required to recall products or be subjected to product liability claims or litigation. We could decide, or laws or regulations could require us, to recall products due to suspected or confirmed deliberate or unintentional product contamination, including contamination of ingredients we use in our products that third parties supply, spoilage or other adulteration, the introduction of foreign objects, food-borne illnesses, product mislabeling or product tampering. These risks could be heightened in light of increased pressure on our suppliers from supply chain challenges. Our facilities and products, and those of our suppliers, may also be subject to inspection by national, federal, state and local authorities, potentially revealing product quality or safety issues. In addition, if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in this category. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our reputation, brands, product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. We may also suffer losses when our products or operations or those of our suppliers violate applicable laws or regulations, or when our or our suppliers’ products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or related claim or other legal judgment against us, a regulatory enforcement action, a widespread product recall or comments relating to the safety of our products could materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability, consumer fraud or other claim, litigation or investigation has no merit, is not pursued or is unsuccessful, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products, processes or conduct could materially and adversely affect our reputation, brands, product sales, product inventory, financial condition, results of 23 Table of Contents operations, cash flows and stock price, and we could incur significant expense responding to such a claim, litigation or investigation. For example, a purported personal injury lawsuit filed in December 2024 against a number of food companies, including us ( Bryce Martinez vs. Kraft Heinz Co. Inc. et al. ), alleged that certain food products we and other companies make are addictive and cause health problems. While we believe that our position is well-supported and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves, we cannot predict the outcome or the impact of such litigation or similar lawsuits on our business or reputation. In addition, while we currently maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to address costs associated with certain aspects of product recalls, this insurance coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all losses or all types of claims that arise from an incident, or the damage to our reputation or brands that may result from an incident. We face risks related to legal or tax claims, litigation, investigations or other regulatory enforcement actions. We operate around the world in environments with constantly evolving legal, tax and regulatory frameworks, and we are subject to risk of litigation, legal or tax claims, investigations, or other regulatory enforcement actions. Actions by our employees, contractors, agents or others in violation of our policies and procedures could lead to deficiencies in our internal or other controls or violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. We could also be subject to litigation, legal claims, investigations or regulatory actions in connection with the continued evolution of our sustainability-related initiatives. In addition, we may be impacted by litigation trends, including class action, individual or multi-jurisdiction lawsuits, or investigations or enforcement actions involving consumers, employees, shareholders or other stakeholders. For example, as a global snacking company, we are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and face legal challenges in a variety of jurisdictions concerning the alleged health implications of certain food products and our methods in marketing those products. When litigation, legal or tax claims, investigations or regulatory enforcement actions arise out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or controls, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties, and voluntary and involuntary document requests, that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Even if a claim, lawsuit, investigation, enforcement action or other action is unsuccessful, without merit or not pursued to completion, the reputational impact or cost of responding to such a claim, including expenses and management time, could adversely affect us. We face risks related to adequately protecting our valuable intellectual property rights. We consider our intellectual property rights (including trademarks, patents, copyrights, registered designs, proprietary trade secrets, recipes, technology and know-how) to be a material part of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights in various ways by asserting rights under applicable intellectual property laws in various countries, using licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure, assignment and other agreements and monitoring for and enforcing against third-party misuses and infringement of our intellectual property, including in traditional retail and digital environments. We cannot be certain that the legal steps we are taking are sufficient to protect our intellectual property rights or that, notwithstanding legal protection, others do not or will not infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property rights (including in response to developments in artificial intelligence technologies), or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business, financial condition and stock price. We may be unaware of potential third-party claims of intellectual property infringement relating to our technology, brands or products. Furthermore, the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in our operations may elevate the risk of third-party infringement claims, especially those related to our alleged unauthorized use of third-party tools, technology or content. Any litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert management’s and other key personnel’s attention from our business operations. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement might require us to pay monetary damages or enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products, which could include removal of existing products from sale. 24 Table of Contents Financial Risks We face risks related to tax matters, including changes in tax laws and rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes. As a global company, we are subject to taxation in the United States and various other countries and jurisdictions. As a result, our effective tax rate is determined based on the income and applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates or other factors, and adverse changes in the underlying profitability or financial outlook of our operations could lead to changes in the realizability of our deferred tax assets, resulting in a change to our effective tax rate. Changes in tax laws in the U.S. or in other countries where we have significant operations, including rate changes or corporate tax provisions that could disallow or tax perceived base erosion or profit shifting payments or subject us to new types of tax, could materially affect our effective tax rate and our deferred tax assets and liabilities. On July 4th, 2025, the United States enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”). The legislation implemented many new U.S. domestic and international tax provisions. Although the U.S. Treasury provided some clarifying guidance during 2025, it is expected they will continue to issue additional guidance in 2026. In addition, many U.S. states have not yet updated their laws to take into account the new federal legislation. It is possible that OBBBA, or interpretations under it, could change and could have an adverse effect on us, and such effect could be material. In addition, aspects of any new or proposed changes to U.S. tax laws may lead foreign jurisdictions to respond by enacting additional tax legislation that is unfavorable to us. As of December 31, 2025, numerous countries have now enacted the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s model rules for a global minimum tax, with the earliest effective date being for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023. However, on January 5, 2026, the OECD Inclusive Framework members approved changes to the model rules, including the introduction of a “side by side” rule which would exempt U.S.-parented companies from certain aspects of the global minimum tax regime. The updated model rules will need to be incorporated into local tax legislation to be effective. Important details of these minimum tax regimes are still being considered, which could increase tax uncertainty in the short term. Based on the guidance available thus far, we do not expect this legislation to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we will continue to evaluate it as additional guidance and clarification becomes available. We are also subject to tax audits by governmental authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. We are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations. As of December 31, 2025, we sold our products in over 150 countries and had operations in approximately 80 countries. Consequently, a significant portion of our business is exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our financial position and operating results are sensitive to movements in currency exchange rates, which have recently been more volatile, because a large portion of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses must be translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes or converted into U.S. dollars to service obligations such as our U.S. dollar-denominated indebtedness and to pay dividends to our shareholders. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates affect transaction costs because we source product ingredients from various countries. Our efforts to mitigate our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, primarily on cross-currency transactions, may not be successful. We factor exchange rate impacts into our local pricing decisions, but there may be lags in implementing pricing changes due to competitive pressures or customer or regulatory constraints. We also hedge a number of risks including exposures to foreign exchange rate movements and volatility of interest rates that could impact our future borrowing costs. Hedging of these risks could potentially subject us to counter-party credit risk. In addition, local economies, monetary policies and currency hedging availability affect our ability to hedge against currency-related economic losses. We might not be able to successfully mitigate our exposure to currency risks due to factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, trade disputes, economic sanctions, political uncertainty, inflation, interest rates and limited hedging opportunities. 25 Table of Contents Weak financial performance, downgrades in our credit ratings, illiquid global capital markets and volatile global economic conditions could limit our access to short-term financing, reduce our liquidity and/or increase our borrowing costs. We regularly access the commercial paper markets in the United States and Europe for ongoing funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Disruptions in the global commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the global credit markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings. Additionally, we use cash management programs, such as factoring and supply chain finance arrangements, in our business when circumstances are favorable to manage liquidity. If these programs or underlying customer or supplier terms do not continue and we are unable to secure alternative programs, our cash and working capital may be negatively affected and we may have to utilize our various financing arrangements or increase our long-term borrowings for short- and long-term liquidity requirements. Volatility in the global capital markets, interest rates, inflation rates, our participation in multiemployer pension plans and other factors could increase our costs relating to our employees’ pensions. We sponsor defined benefit pension plans for a number of our employees throughout the world and also contribute to other employees’ pensions under defined benefit plans that we do not sponsor. At the end of 2025, the projected benefit obligation of the defined benefit pension plans we sponsor was $7.1 billion and plan assets were $7.8 billion. For defined benefit pension plans that we maintain, the difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, significantly affects the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Our largest funded defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of investments, including equities and corporate and government debt. Among other factors, changes in interest rates, inflation rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, inve