” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as those related to: • competition in the medical device industry, • delays in regulatory approvals, • reduction or interruption in our supply, • failure to complete or achieve the intended benefits of acquisitions or divestitures, • adverse regulatory action, • laws and governmental regulations, • litigation results, • quality problems, • healthcare policy changes, 1 Table of Content • public health crises, • cybersecurity and privacy incidents, • international operations, including the impact of armed conflicts, • self-insurance, • commercial insurance, • changes in applicable tax rates, • positions taken by taxing authorities, • decreasing selling prices and pricing pressure, • liquidity shortfalls, • fluctuations in currency exchange rates, • inflation, or • disruption of our current plans and operations. Consequently, no forward-looking statement may be guaranteed, and actual results may vary materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We intend to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding our forward-looking statements and are including this sentence for the express purpose of enabling us to use the protections of the safe harbor with respect to all forward-looking statements. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. 2 Table of Content PART I Item 1. Business Medtronic plc, headquartered in Galway, Ireland, is the leading global healthcare technology company. Medtronic was founded in 1949 and today serves healthcare systems, physicians, clinicians, and patients in more than 150 countries worldwide. We remain committed to a mission written by our founder in 1960 that directs us “to contribute to human welfare by the application of biomedical engineering in the research, design, manufacture, and sale of products to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life.” Our Mission — to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life — empowers us to engineer the extraordinary and deliver better outcomes for our world. We are a company of dedication, honesty, integrity, and service. Building on this strong foundation, we are embracing our role as a healthcare technology leader and evolving our business strategy in three key areas: • Accelerate innovation-driven growth: The combination of our attractive end markets, recent product launches and robust pipeline is expected to enable continued strong revenue growth. We aim to bring inventive and disruptive technology to large healthcare opportunities which enables us to better meet patient needs. Patients around the world deserve access to our life-saving products, and we are driven to use our local presence and scale to increase the adoption of our products and services in markets around the globe. • Deliver superior outcomes and better experiences for patients and providers: We listen to our patients and customers to better understand the challenges they face. From the patient journey, to creating agile partnerships that produce novel solutions, to making it easier for our customers to deploy our therapies — what we do is anchored in deep insight, and creates simpler, superior experiences. • Turn data, artificial intelligence (AI), and automation into action: We are confident in our ability to maximize new technology, AI, and data and analytics to tailor therapies in real-time, facilitating remote monitoring and care delivery that conveniently manages conditions, and creates new standards of care. We have four reportable segments that primarily develop, manufacture, distribute, and sell device-based medical therapies and services: the Cardiovascular Portfolio, the Neuroscience Portfolio, the Medical Surgical Portfolio, and the Diabetes Operating Unit. For more information regarding our segments, please see Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 3 Table of Content CARDIOVASCULAR PORTFOLIO The Cardiovascular Portfolio is made up of the Cardiac Rhythm & Heart Failure, Structural Heart & Aortic, and Coronary & Peripheral Vascular divisions. The primary medical specialists who use our Cardiovascular products include electrophysiologists, implanting cardiologists, heart failure specialists, cardiovascular, cardiothoracic, and vascular surgeons, and interventional cardiologists and radiologists. Cardiac Rhythm & Heart Failure Our Cardiac Rhythm & Heart Failure division includes the following Operating Units: Cardiac Rhythm Management and Cardiac Ablation Solutions. The division develops, manufactures, and markets products for the diagnosis, treatment, and management of heart rhythm disorders and heart failure. Our products include implantable devices, leads and delivery systems, products for the treatment of atrial fibrillation (AF), products designed to reduce surgical site infections, and information systems for the management of patients with Cardiac Rhythm & Heart Failure devices. Principal products and services offered include: • Implantable cardiac pacemakers including the Azure MRI SureScan, Adapta, Attesta MRI SureScan, and the Micra transcatheter pacing system. Azure pacemakers feature Medtronic-exclusive BlueSync technology, which enables automatic, secure wireless remote monitoring with increased device longevity. The 3830 lead, with His-bundle and left bundle branch capabilities, effectively covers all current forms of conduction system pacing and sensing. The Micra transcatheter pacing system, which is leadless and does not have a subcutaneous device pocket like a conventional pacemaker, includes the Micra VR and the Micra AV device families. Both pacemakers treat patients with atrioventricular block. • Implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), including the Aurora Extravascular-ICD, Visia AF MRI SureScan, Evera MRI SureScan, Primo MRI, and the Cobalt and Crome family of BlueSync-enabled ICDs, as well as defibrillator leads, including the Sprint Quattro Secure lead. • Implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy devices (CRT-Ds and CRT-Ps) including the Claria/Amplia/Compia family of MRI Quad CRT-D SureScan systems and the Cobalt and Crome portfolio of BlueSync-enabled CRT-Ds, as well as the Percepta/Serena/Solara family of MRI Quad CRT-P SureScan systems. • Cardiac ablation products include a full suite of electrophysiology solutions to treat patients with arrhythmias, including paroxysmal and persistent AF. The portfolio includes the Arctic Front Advanced Cardiac Cryoblation System, PulseSelect single shot Pulsed Field Ablation catheter, the Sphere-9 focal catheter, providing high density mapping capabilities combined with dual radio frequency and pulsed field energies to deliver ablation lesions, and Affera Mapping and Navigation System with Prism-1 software aimed at integrating clinical information to improve patient outcomes. • Insertable cardiac monitoring systems, including the Reveal LINQ and LINQ II. These devices are for patients who experience transient symptoms such as dizziness, palpitation, syncope (fainting) and chest pain, as well as Cryptogenic Stroke patients, which may indicate a cardiac arrhythmia that requires long-term monitoring or ongoing management. Both portfolio devices have unmatched accuracy and a streamlined workflow with AccuRhythm AI algorithms to reduce clinic workload and data burden. LINQ II, the premium portfolio device, offers extended device longevity and remote programming capabilities. • TYRX products, including the Cardiac and Neuro Absorbable Antibacterial Envelopes, which are designed to stabilize electronic implantable devices and help prevent infection associated with implantable pacemakers and defibrillators. • Remote monitoring services and patient-centered software to enable efficient care coordination as well as services related to hospital operational efficiency. • Medtronic stopped the distribution and sale of the HVAD System in June 2021. We continue a support program for patients with HVAD devices, and for caregivers and healthcare professionals who participate in their care. 4 Table of Content Structural Heart & Aortic Our Structural Heart & Aortic division includes the following Operating Units: Structural Heart & Aortic and Cardiac Surgery. The division includes therapies to treat heart valve disorders and aortic disease. Our devices include products for the repair and replacement of heart valves, perfusion systems, positioning and stabilization systems for beating heart revascularization surgery, surgical ablation products, and a comprehensive line of products and therapies to treat aortic disease, such as aneurysms, dissections, and transections. Principal products offered include: • CoreValve family of aortic valves, including the Evolut PRO, Evolut PRO+, Evolut FX, and Evolut FX+ TAVR systems for transcatheter aortic valve replacement. • Surgical valve replacement and repair products for damaged or diseased heart valves, including both tissue and mechanical valves; blood-handling products that form a circulatory support system to maintain and monitor blood circulation and coagulation status, oxygen supply, and body temperature during arrested heart surgery; and surgical ablation systems and positioning and stabilization technologies. • Endovascular stent grafts and accessories, including the Endurant II Stent Graft System for the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms, the Valiant Captivia Thoracic Stent Graft System for thoracic endovascular aortic repair procedures, and the Heli-FX EndoAnchor System. • Transcatheter Pulmonary Valves, including Harmony Transcatheter Pulmonary Valve (TPV) and Delivery Catheter System and Melody TPV/Ensemble II Delivery System. Coronary & Peripheral Vascular Our Coronary & Peripheral Vascular division includes the following Operating Units: Coronary & Renal Denervation and Peripheral Vascular Health. The division is comprised of a comprehensive line of products and therapies to treat coronary artery disease as well as peripheral vascular disease and venous disease. Our products include coronary stents and related delivery systems, including a broad line of balloon angioplasty catheters, guide catheters, guide wires, diagnostic catheters, and accessories, peripheral drug coated balloons, stent and angioplasty systems, carotid embolic protection systems for the treatment of vascular disease outside the heart, and products for superficial and deep venous disease. Principal products offered include: • Percutaneous Coronary Intervention products including our Onyx Frontier and Resolute Onyx drug-eluting stents, Euphora balloons, and Launcher guide catheters. • Products to treat hypertension including our Symplicity Spyral Renal Denervation (RDN) system. • Percutaneous angioplasty balloons including the IN.PACT family of drug-coated balloons, vascular stents including the Abre venous stent, directional atherectomy products including the HawkOne directional atherectomy system, and other procedure support tools. • Products to treat superficial venous diseases in the lower extremities including the ClosureFast radiofrequency ablation system and the VenaSeal Closure System. NEUROSCIENCE PORTFOLIO The Neuroscience Portfolio is made up of the Cranial & Spinal Technologies, Specialty Therapies, and Neuromodulation divisions. The primary medical specialists who use the products of this group include spinal surgeons, neurosurgeons, neurologists, pain management specialists, anesthesiologists, orthopedic surgeons, urologists, urogynecologists, interventional radiologists, and ear, nose, and throat specialists. 5 Table of Content Cranial & Spinal Technologies Our Cranial & Spinal Technologies division and Operating Unit develops, manufactures, and markets an integrated portfolio of devices and therapies for surgical technologies designed to improve the precision and workflow of neurological procedures, and a comprehensive line of medical devices and implants used in the treatment of the spine and musculoskeletal system. The division also provides biologic solutions for the orthopedic markets and offers unique and highly differentiated imaging, navigation, power instruments, and robotic guidance systems used in spine and cranial procedures. Principal products and services offered include: • Neurosurgery products, including platform technologies, implant therapies, and advanced energy products through the AiBLE spine technology ecosystem. This includes our StealthStation S8 surgical navigation system, Stealth Autoguide cranial robotic guidance platform, O-arm Imaging System, Mazor robotic guidance systems used in robot-assisted spine procedures, UNiD adaptive spine intelligence AI-driven technology for surgical planning and personalized spinal implants, and our Midas Rex surgical drills, including our MR8 high-speed drill system. • Products to treat a variety of conditions affecting the spine, including degenerative disc disease, spinal deformity, spinal tumors, fractures of the spine, and stenosis. These products include our CATALYFT PL expandable interbody spacers, CD Horizon ModuLeX spinal system, and T2 STRATOSPHERE expandable corpectomy system. These products can also include titanium interbody implants and surface technologies, such as our Adaptix interbody system and incorporated Titan interbody fusion device with nanoLOCK technology. • Products that facilitate less invasive thoracolumbar surgeries, including the CD Horizon Solera Voyager percutaneous fixation system and various retractor systems to access the spine through smaller incisions. • Products to treat conditions in the cervical region of the spine, including the ZEVO anterior cervical plate system, the Infinity Occipitocervical-Upper Thoracic (OCT) System, and Prestige LP cervical discs. • Biologic solutions products, including our Infuse Bone Graft (InductOs in the European Union (E.U.)), which contains a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2, rhBMP-2, for certain spinal, trauma, and oral maxillofacial applications. • Demineralized bone matrix products, including Magnifuse, GRAFTON/GRAFTON PLUS, and the Mastergraft family of synthetic bone graft products – Matrix, Putty, Strip, and Granules. Specialty Therapies Our Specialty Therapies division includes the following Operating Units: Neurovascular; Ear, Nose, and Throat (ENT); and Pelvic Health. The division develops, manufactures, and markets products and therapies to treat patients afflicted with acute ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, ENT diseases, and patients suffering from overactive bladder, and (non-obstructive) urinary retention. Principal products and services offered include: • Neurovascular products to treat diseases of the vasculature in and around the brain. This includes coils, neurovascular stent retrievers, and flow diversion products, as well as access and delivery products to support procedures. Products also include the Pipeline Flex and Pipeline Vantage embolization devices with Shield Technology, endovascular treatments for large or giant wide-necked brain aneurysms, the portfolio of Solitaire revascularization devices for treatment of acute ischemic stroke, the Riptide aspiration system, the Onyx Liquid Embolic System, and a portfolio of associated access catheters including our React aspiration catheters also for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke. • ENT products, including the Straightshot M5 microdebrider handpiece, the Integrated Power Console (IPC) system, NIM Vital nerve monitoring systems, Propel and Sinuva Sinus Implants, StealthStation ENT and StealthStation FlexENT navigation systems, as well as products for hearing restoration. • Pelvic health products, including our InterStim X and InterStim II recharge-free neurostimulators, InterStim Micro rechargeable neurostimulators, and SureScan MRI leads. Our NURO System delivers Percutaneous Tibial Neuromodulation therapy to treat overactive bladder, (non-obtrusive) urinary retention, and chronic fecal incontinence. Neuromodulation Our Neuromodulation division and Operating Unit develops, manufactures, and markets spinal cord stimulation and brain modulation systems, implantable drug infusion systems for chronic pain, as well as interventional products. Principal products and services offered include: • Spinal cord stimulation products, including rechargeable and recharge-free devices and a large selection of leads used to treat chronic back and/or limb pain and chronic pain resulting from diabetic peripheral neuropathy. This includes the Inceptiv spinal cord stimulation system which offers a closed-loop feature that senses biological signals along the spinal cord and automatically adjusts stimulation in real time, Intellis (rechargeable) and Vanta (recharge-free) spinal cord stimulation systems, with 6 Table of Content AdaptiveStim and SureScan MRI Technology, DTM (differential target multiplexed) proprietary waveform, and the Evolve workflow algorithm, and Snapshot reporting. • Brain modulation products, including those for the treatment of Parkinson's disease, essential tremor, refractory epilepsy, severe, treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder (approved under a Humanitarian Device Exemption (HDE) in the U.S.), and chronic, intractable primary dystonia (approved under a HDE in the U.S.). Specifically, the Percept family of neurostimulators with proprietary adaptive BrainSense technology. • Implantable drug infusion systems, including our SynchroMed III Implantable Infusion System, which deliver small quantities of drug directly into the intrathecal space surrounding the spinal cord, to help manage chronic pain, cancer pain, and severe spasticity. • Interventional products, including our full Kyphon portfolio of minimally invasive Kyphoplasty and Vertebroplasty solutions for the treatment of vertebral compression fractures, including bipedicular and unipedicular access options, bone access tools, inflatable balloon tamps, cement and delivery systems, as well as biopsy and specialty devices. The OsteoCool cooled radiofrequency ablation system with simultaneous, dual-probe capabilities and algorithms for the treatment of painful metastatic bone lesions. Emprint Microwave with Thermosphere technology for the treatment of non-resectable liver tumors. As well as the Accurian nerve ablation system, which conducts radio frequency ablation of nerve tissues. MEDICAL SURGICAL PORTFOLIO The Medical Surgical Portfolio includes the Surgical & Endoscopy and Acute Care & Monitoring divisions. Products and therapies of this group are used primarily by healthcare systems, physicians' offices, ambulatory care centers, and other alternate site healthcare providers. While less frequent, some products and therapies are also used in home settings. Surgical & Endoscopy Our Surgical & Endoscopy division includes the following Operating Units: Surgical and Endoscopy. The division develops, manufactures, and markets advanced and general surgical products, including advanced stapling devices, vessel sealing instruments, wound closure products, electrosurgery products, AI-powered surgical video and analytics platform, robotic-assisted surgery products, hernia mechanical devices, mesh implants, gynecology products, minimally invasive gastrointestinal and hepatologic diagnostics and therapies, and therapies to treat diseases and conditions that are typically, but not exclusively, addressed by surgeons. Principal products and services offered include: • Advanced stapling and energy products, including the Tri-Staple technology platform for endoscopic stapling, including the Endo GIA reloads and reinforced reloads with Tri-Staple technology and the Endo GIA ultra universal stapler, the Signia powered stapling system, the LigaSure exact dissector and L-Hook Laparoscopic Sealer/Divider, and the Sonicision 7 curved jaw cordless ultrasonic dissection system. • Electrosurgical hardware and instruments, including the Valleylab FT10 and FX8 energy platforms, the Valleylab FT10 vessel sealing generator, and the Force TriVerse electrosurgical pencils. • Robotic and digital surgery technologies, including the Hugo robotic-assisted surgery (RAS) system designed for a broad range of soft-tissue procedures, and Touch Surgery Enterprise, an AI-powered surgical video management solution for the operating room. • Products designed for the treatment of hernias, including the AbsorbaTack absorbable mesh fixation device for hernia repair, MaxTack motorized fixation device designed for minimally invasive hernia fixation, the Symbotex composite mesh for surgical laparoscopic and open ventral hernia repair, and ProGrip laparoscopic self-fixating mesh, a self-gripping, biocompatible solution for inguinal hernias. • Suture and wound closure products, including the V-Loc barbed sutures, the Polysorb braided absorbable sutures, and the Monosof absorbable monofilament nylon sutures. 7 Table of Content • Endoscopy products, including the GI Genius intelligent endoscopy module, the PillCam capsule endoscopy systems, the Bravo calibration-free reflux testing systems, the Endoflip 300 Impedance Planimetry System, the Emprint ablation system with Thermosphere Technology, the ManoScan high-resolution manometry system, the Barrx platform through ablation with the Barrx 360 Express catheter, the Cool-tip radiofrequency ablation system, the Beacon delivery system, and the Nexpowder endoscopic hemostasis system. Acute Care & Monitoring Our Acute Care & Monitoring division develops, manufactures, and markets products in the fields of patient monitoring and airway management. Principal products and services offered include: • Products focused on blood oxygen management and remote monitoring, including Nellcor pulse oximetry monitors and sensors, Healthcast Connectivity Solutions, and the RespArray patient monitor. • Products focused on reducing perioperative complications, including Bispectral Index (BIS) brain monitoring technology, INVOS cerebral/somatic oximetry systems, and WarmTouch convective warming. • Products focused on airway management and respiratory monitoring, including Microstream capnography monitors, McGRATH MAC video laryngoscopes, Shiley endotracheal tubes, Shiley tracheostomy tubes, and DAR Breathing Systems. DIABETES OPERATING UNIT The Diabetes Operating Unit develops, manufactures, and markets products and services for the management of Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. The primary medical specialists who use and/or prescribe our Diabetes products are endocrinologists and primary care physicians. Principal products and services offered include: • Insulin pumps and consumables, including the MiniMed 780G system, powered by SmartGuard technology. The MiniMed 780G system provides smartphone and Bluetooth connectivity, a meal-time detection system, an adjustable glucose target down to 100 mg/dl, and has the capability to continuously deliver background insulin and monitor sugar levels. • Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems include the Guardian Connect CGM system and Simplera platform. Both systems are worn by patients capturing glucose data to reveal patterns and potential problems, such as hyperglycemic and hypoglycemic episodes. The Simplera platform's discreet design simplifies the insertion and wear experience through the integration of the Simplera CGM, as a Smart Multiple Daily Injections (MDI) system, and the InPen with the Simplera Sync sensor and the MiniMed 780G system, offering disposable capabilities. • The InPen smart insulin pen system combines a reusable Bluetooth-enabled insulin pen with an intuitive mobile app that helps users administer the appropriate insulin dose. The InPen application integrates with our CGM data to provide real-time CGM readings alongside insulin dose information. In May 2025, we announced our intention to separate the Diabetes business, with the intention to create a new independent, publicly traded company. The separation is expected to be completed within 18 months of the initial announcement. HUMAN CAPITAL Medtronic Workforce Overview Medtronic’s employees deliver on our Mission every day. We empower insight-driven care, experiences that put people first, and better outcomes for our world. In everything we do, we are engineering the extraordinary. We strive to be the employer of choice for the best and brightest global talent, where employees can grow and develop fulfilling careers. We aspire to create an inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace that fosters innovation and creativity, and where employees feel a sense of belonging and well-being. Medtronic has over 95,000 full-time employees, of which 44% are based in the U.S. or Puerto Rico. 8 Table of Content Inclusion We believe that improving health for people from all walks of life depends on our ability to unleash the creative power of our global employees. By breaking down barriers, we open doors for everyone, driving opportunity, progress, and prosperity around the world. Our commitment to inclusion is a core element of the Medtronic Mission, and we integrate these principles throughout our Company to ensure every operating unit, team, and leader recognizes and celebrates the value of diverse experiences and backgrounds. Additionally, Medtronic employee resource groups (ERGs) and Networks are employee-led affinity groups that provide career development and networking opportunities to all employees and strengthen ties between employees of many different backgrounds, cultures, and interests. Pay Equity In our most recent reported period available, in the United States, we have achieved 100% pay equity for gender and ethnically diverse employees. Globally we have achieved 99% pay equity for gender. We are actively working to resolve any remaining pay inequities by continuing to expand the annual pay equity analyses for each country we operate in. Workforce Compensation Our compensation framework is designed to provide market competitive pay for the value and contributions of our employees. We are committed to transparent communications on compensation. Our competitive approach to compensation reflects industry benchmarks and local market standards. Our programs include annual and long-term equity-based incentives that provide the means to share in the Company’s success, based on business and individual performance. To attract and retain the best leaders, we offer competitive benefits and cash and equity incentives. We reward high-performing employees with an ownership stake in the Company through restricted stock, and employees have the opportunity to purchase stock at a significant discount through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Learning & Development The skills and dedication of our employees drive our business performance. Our comprehensive professional development programs empower our people to build rewarding careers and help us attract world-class talent from global and diverse populations. Our suite of professional development programs ensures that our employees, regardless of level, location, language or learning preferences, have access to opportunities to develop and grow. In recent years, we have shifted away from degree requirements to focus on skills-based certification for certain roles within Medtronic. Additionally, as members of the Multiple Pathways Initiative, we have used a skills-based approach to offering opportunities to expanded pools of external talent that have previously been held back due to lack of access to undergraduate education. Internally, eligible U.S. and Puerto Rico employees can now participate through MAPS (Medtronic Advancement Pathways and Skill-building) in undergraduate courses from top-tier universities to enhance or obtain new skills, at no cost to the employee. We have opened opportunities for employees who have been otherwise restricted from career advancement due to degree requirements. Employee Engagement and Culture Through our Organizational Health Survey, we gain valuable insight into the Medtronic employee experience and identify where we can improve in key priority areas: 1) Employee Engagement, 2) Inclusion, 3) Innovation, 4) Ethics and 5) Quality culture as part of our commitment to Put Patients First in our everyday decisions and actions. In our most recent survey ending in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, more than 88% of our employees responded. Medtronic carefully reviews and implements actions based on employee feedback in order to partner and create an inclusive, innovative and supportive environment. Our culture is critical to achieving our vision. The Medtronic Mindset builds on our core values of integrity, quality, inclusion, and collaboration. It urges us to act boldly, compete to win, move with speed and decisiveness, foster belonging, and deliver results… the right way. Our culture helps us meet the needs of our patients and customers, and ensures our Mission endures for many years to come. Health & Safety As a large, global employer, our ability to attract and retain talent is based in part on our commitment to maintain a safe workplace and support the well-being of our employees. Medtronic has a comprehensive approach to providing robust support for our employees and their families in natural disasters, public health crises, civil unrest and armed conflicts, bereavement, and other challenging events. Along with other programs, the Medtronic Employee Assistance Program and the Medtronic Employee Emergency Assistance Fund have historically supported employees and their families when faced with difficult times by providing a variety of services such as mental health, safety, and financial resources and support at no cost. These programs have proven invaluable in navigating our employees through unique challenges, including in fiscal year 2025. The Medtronic Employee Emergency Assistance Fund is supported by donations from employees and the Medtronic Foundation, and over the last five years has provided $4 million in grants to employees experiencing unexpected events creating a financial hardship. 9 Table of Content For more information on Human Capital Management at Medtronic, please refer to our 2024 Impact Report available on our company website. OTHER FACTORS IMPACTING OUR OPERATIONS Research and Development The markets in which we participate are subject to rapid technological advances and innovations. Constant improvement of existing products and introduction of new products is necessary to maintain market leadership. Our research and development (R&D) efforts are directed toward maintaining or achieving technological leadership in the markets we serve to help ensure that patients using our devices and therapies receive the most advanced and effective treatment possible. We remain committed to developing technological enhancements and new indications for existing products, and less invasive and new technologies for new and emerging markets to address unmet patient needs. That commitment leads to our initiation and participation in hundreds of clinical trials each fiscal year as the demand for clinical and economic evidence remains high. Furthermore, our development activities are intended to help reduce patient care costs and the length of hospital stays in the future. We have not engaged in significant customer or government-sponsored research. Our R&D activities include improving existing products and therapies, expanding their indications and applications for use, developing new therapies and procedures, and entering into arrangements with third parties to fund the development of certain technologies. We continue to focus on optimizing innovation, improving our R&D productivity, driving growth in international markets, generating clinical evidence, and assessing our R&D programs based on their ability to address unmet clinical needs, produce better patient outcomes, and create new standards of care. Intellectual Property and Litigation We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets, and agreements, including non-disclosure agreements, to protect our business and proprietary technology. In addition, we have entered into exclusive and non-exclusive licenses, and covenants not to sue, relating to a wide array of third-party technologies. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets, agreements, and licenses are of material importance to our business; however, we believe that no single intellectual property asset, agreement, or license is material in relation to our business as a whole. We operate in an industry characterized by extensive intellectual property litigation. Intellectual property litigation may result in significant damage awards and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or result in significant royalty payments in order to continue selling the products. At any given time, we are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of intellectual property actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. Sales and Distribution We sell our medical devices and therapies through a combination of direct sales representatives and independent distributors globally. Additionally, a portion of the Company's revenue is generated from consignment inventory maintained at hospitals. Our medical supply products are used primarily in hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers, and alternate care facilities, such as home care and long-term care facilities, and are marketed to materials managers, group purchasing organizations (GPOs) and integrated delivery networks (IDNs). We often negotiate with GPOs and IDNs, which enter into supply contracts for the benefit of their member facilities. Our four largest markets are the U.S., Western Europe, China, and Japan. International markets are an area of increasing focus and opportunity, as we believe they remain under-penetrated. Our marketing and sales strategy is focused on rapid, cost-effective delivery of high-quality products to a diverse group of customers worldwide. To achieve this objective, our marketing and sales teams are organized around physician specialties. This focus enables us to develop highly knowledgeable and dedicated sales representatives who are able to foster strong relationships with physicians and other customers and enhance our ability to support our customers and cross-sell complementary products. We are not dependent on any single customer for more than 10 percent of our total net sales. Competition, Industry, and Cost Containment We compete in both the therapeutic and diagnostic medical markets in more than 150 countries throughout the world. These markets are characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances, innovations and scientific discoveries. Our product lines face a mix of competitors ranging from large manufacturers with multiple business lines to small manufacturers offering a limited selection of products. In addition, we face competition from providers of other medical therapies, such as pharmaceutical companies, including those producing glucagon-like peptide-1s (GLP-1s). Major shifts in industry market share have occurred in connection with product corrective actions, physician advisories, safety alerts, results of clinical trials to support superiority claims, and publications about our products, reflecting the importance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in the medical device industry. In the current environment of managed care, economically motivated 10 Table of Content customers, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition, declining reimbursement rates, and national and provincial tender pricing, competitively priced product offerings are essential to our business. In order to continue to compete effectively, we must continue to create or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into proprietary products, obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, maintain high-quality manufacturing processes, and successfully market these products. Government and private sector initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including price regulation, competitive pricing, bidding and tender mechanics, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many countries where we do business, including the U.S. These initiatives put increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical devices and therapies. Government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private healthcare insurance, managed-care plans, and volume-based procurement tenders in China, have attempted to control costs by limiting the amount of reimbursement they will pay for particular procedures or treatments, tying reimbursement to outcomes, shifting to population health management, and other mechanisms. Hospitals, which purchase our technology, are also seeking to reduce costs through a variety of mechanisms, including, for example, centralized purchasing, and in some cases, limiting the number of vendors that may participate in the purchasing program. Hospitals are also aligning interests with physicians through employment and other arrangements, such as gainsharing, where a hospital agrees with physicians to share any realized cost savings resulting from changes in practice patterns such as device standardization. This has created an increased level of price sensitivity among customers for our products. Production and Availability of Raw Materials We manufacture products at facilities located in various countries throughout the world. We purchase many of the components and raw materials used in manufacturing our products from numerous suppliers in various countries. Certain components and raw materials are available only from a sole supplier. We work closely with our suppliers and have plans and measures in place to help ensure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. Generally, we have been able to obtain adequate supplies of such raw materials and components. However, due to the U.S. FDA’s manufacturing requirements and those of other regulatory authorities, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials if we experience a sudden or unexpected reduction or interruption in supply and are unable to develop alternative sources. For additional information related to our manufacturing facilities refer to “