=== CPAY_2026-04-10.htm.gz ===
cpay-20260410 DEF 14A false 0001175454 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0001175454 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 cpay:KingMember 2025-07-22 0001175454 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001175454 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001175454 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001175454 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001175454 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 cpay:PriorYearEndFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearThatWereForfeitedInCoveredYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 cpay:PriorYearEndFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearThatWereForfeitedInCoveredYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001175454 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CORPAY, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. A Letter From Our Chief Executive Officer My Fellow Shareholders, Thank you for your investment in Corpa y, the corporate payments company. Performance Positioning Our 2025 financial performance again reached record levels, with revenue of $4.5 billion, up 14%, adjusted earnings per share of $21.38, up 12%, and adjusted EBITDA of over $2.6 billion, up 13%. Each of these metrics set all-time records, and continue to demonstrate the durability of our Company. We closed the second largest acquisition in the Company s history, Alpha Group, PLC, as well as two significant strategic investments. Our 2025 exit rate and accretive deals create a strong setup for 2026, as we accelerate the rotation of our portfolio toward Corporate Payments. In 2025 we made substantial progress to better position the Company for the future: Alpha Group, PLC acquisition. We acquired Alpha, giving us a meaningful foothold in, and greater access to, the asset management market segment within our cross-border business, along with the addition of a global bank account product. This significantly improves our available total addressable market. Mastercard investment. Mastercard invested $300M in our cross-border business, at a $13B valuation, to help target the financial institutions channel. The partnership delivers the combined global reach of two leading payment organizations and brings our industry leading currency risk management and integrated cross-border payments solutions to banks and financial institutions across the world. AvidXchange investment. We invested alongside TPG Inc. to acquire AvidXchange, deepening our position in the middle market AP automation and payments space. We expect Corporate Payments to exceed 40% of total Company revenue in 2026, and enhance our ability to deliver our mid- term objectives to annually grow revenue 10% organically and adjusted earnings per share more than 15%. While we have seen volatility in our stock price over the last 12 months, we expect the market to reward our performance over time as we deliver consistent, quality results. Governance Board Oversight We have an experienced Board of Directors with a diverse set of skills and experience, including leading large, global public companies within our industry. Our directors provide valuable oversight regarding audit, compensation, governance and strategy. Our Board of Directors are deeply involved in all aspects of the business, including our shareholder engagement efforts, and have helped drive responsive enhancements to our practices. Your Support On behalf of our Board of Directors, we sincerely ask that you vote with our recommendations. We appreciate your support and feedback, and we will continue to reach out on a regular basis to gain further insights and perspecti ves. Ronald F. Clarke Chair Chief Executive Officer Corpay, Inc. 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400 Atlanta, GA 30305 Annual Meeting of Shareholders The Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held at 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400, Atlanta, GA 30305 on May 7, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Meeting Date and Time: Thursday, May 7, 2026 , at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time Meeting Place: 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400 Atlanta, GA 30305 Record Date: March 23, 2026 ( 66,131,990 common shares and 43,510 unvested restricted shares outstanding and entitled to vote as of the record date). Agenda 1 To elect the twelve directors 2 To ratify the reappointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent public accounting firm for 2026 3 To approve, on an advisory basis, named executive officer compensation 4 To vote on a shareholder proposal regarding an independent Board Chair requirement, if properly presented at the meeting We may also transact other business that properly comes before the meeting. Mailing Date and Availability of Proxy Materials On or about April 10, 2026 , we mailed our Proxy Materials to shareholders. Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 23, 2026 are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the meeting. Your Vote is Important Please vote as soon as possible by one of the methods shown below, whether or not you expect to attend the annual meeting. Be sure to have your proxy card, voting instruction form or our Proxy Materials in hand and follow the instructions below. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET the day before the meeting ( May 6, 2026 ). By Internet www.proxyvote.com Use the internet to transmit your voting instruction and for electronic delivery of information By Phone 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions By Mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided with your proxy materials or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717 Sincerely, Corpay Board of Directors Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to Be Held on May 7, 2026 : Our Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders are available at https://investor.corpay.com. Table of Contents 01. SUMMARY 1 Information About Our 2026 Annual Meeting 1 Proposals and Board Recommendations 1 02. CORPAY AT A GLANCE 2 Our Vision 2 Our Mission 2 Our Strategy 3 Our Performance 3 Our Board of Directors 4 Forward-Leaning Corporate Governance 4 Forward-Leaning Compensation Practices 5 Shareholder Engagement Results 5 Our Commitment to Corporate Responsibility 7 Talent Acquisition and Development 7 Health and Wellness 8 Voice of the Employee 8 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS 9 Our Board of Directors 9 Director Nominees 11 Evaluation and Evolution of Our Board 16 Board Meetings and Committees 16 Board Committee Membership 16 Risk Oversight 18 Board Leadership Structure 19 Director Independence 19 2025 Director Compensation 19 Director Qualifications 20 Director Nomination Process 20 Governance Policies 21 04. INFORMATION REGARDING BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, AND MANAGEMENT 22 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 24 Leadership Transitions in 2025 24 2025 Performance 24 Responsiveness to 2025 Say-On-Pay Vote 25 Shareholder Outreach Process 25 2021-2025 CEO Equity Compensation 26 Forward-Leaning Compensation Practices 27 Components of Compensation and Target Direct Compensation Mix 28 Target Mix of Compensation 29 Key Elements of 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation 30 Base Salary 30 Equity Incentives 30 NEO 2025 Equity Awards 30 Performance-Based Equity 31 Company Annual Equity Incentive 31 Annual Bonus Equity Incentive 32 Long-Term Equity Incentive 33 Time-Based Equity 34 Stock Options 34 2025 Performance-Based Equity Goals and Payout Results 36 Other Compensation and Benefits 41 Process to Review, Revise, and Set Compensation 41 Compensation Peer Group 42 Information on Other Compensation-Related Topics 42 06. 2025 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 45 2025 Summary Compensation Table 45 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 47 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 48 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 51 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 52 Employment Agreements, Severance and Change in Control Benefits 52 Other NEOs 52 Equity Awards 52 Quantification of Potential Payments 53 07. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 54 08. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 55 09. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 56 10. CEO PAY RATIO 57 11. PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE 58 Pay Versus Performance Table 58 TSR and Peer TSR vs. Compensation Actually Paid 60 Net Income vs. Compensation Actually Paid 61 Adjusted EPS-COMP vs. Compensation Actually Paid 61 12. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 62 13. DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 63 14. FIVE YEAR STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 64 15. AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 65 16. AUDIT MATTERS 67 Fees Billed by Ernst Young LLP 67 Audit Fees 67 Audit Related Fees 67 Tax Fees and All Other Fees 67 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor 68 17. PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 69 18. PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF ERNST YOUNG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL YEAR 2026 70 19. PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 71 20. PROPOSAL 4: SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL FOR INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIRMAN 72 21. OTHER BUSINESS 74 22. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 75 Shareholder Proposals 75 Universal Proxy Rules 75 Solicitation of Proxies 75 Voting Procedures 76 Where to Find More Proxy Voting Information 76 Householding of Proxy Materials 77 23. APPENDIX A 78 Management s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 78 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income Per Diluted Share 78 Reconciliation of Net Income to Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income 78 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 1 01. Summa ry Information A bout Our 2026 Annual Meeting Meeting Details Meeting Date and Time: Thursday, May 7, 2026 , at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time Meeting Place: 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400 Atlanta, GA 30305 Record Date: March 23, 2026 ( 66,131,990 common shares and 43,510 unvested restricted shares outstanding and entitled to vote as of the record date). Holders of common shares as of the close of business on March 23, 2026 may vote at the Annual Meeting. One vote per share for each director nominee and each of the other proposals described below. Ways to Vote By Internet www.proxyvote.com Use the internet to transmit your voting instruction and for electronic delivery of information By Phone 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions By Mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided with your proxy materials or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717 Proposals and Board Recommendations Proposal Board Recommendation For More Information 1 To elect the twelve directors FOR each nominee Page 69 2 To ratify the reappointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent public accounting firm for 2026 FOR Page 70 3 To approve, on an advisory basis, named executive officer compensation FOR Page 71 4 To vote on a shareholder proposal regarding an independent Board Chair requirement, if properly presented at the meeting AGAINST Page 72 For complete information regarding our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders, the proposals to be voted on and our performance, please review the entire Proxy Statement and our 2025 annual report, available at https://investor.corpay.com and pr oxyvote.co m. 2 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 02. Corpay at a Glance Corpay, Inc. ( Corpay, or the Company ) is a leading global corporate payments company that helps businesses and consumers manage and pay their expenses in a simple, controlled manner. We serve businesses, partners, merchants, and consumers in North America, Latin America, the U.K., Europe, and Asia Pacific. $4.5B 800,000+ 2.6B + 11,000 ANNUAL REVENUE CUSTOMERS TRANSACTIONS PER YEAR EMPLOYEES As of December 31, 2025 We estimate that b usinesses spend approximately $145 trillion annually in transactions with other businesses. In many instances, businesses lack the proper tools to monitor what is being purchased and employ manual, paper-based, disparate processes and methods to both approve and make payments for their business-to-business purchases. This often results in wasted time and money due to unnecessary or unauthorized spending, fraud, receipt collection, data input and consolidation errors, inaccurate reimbursement processing, account reconciliation errors, employee misuse and more. Our wide range of modern payment solutions generally provides control, reporting, and automation benefits superior to many of the payment methods businesses use, such as cash, paper checks, general purpose credit cards, as well as employee pay and reclaim processes. In addition to delivering meaningful value to our customers, our solutions also share several important and attractive business model characteristics including: Majority of revenue is derived primarily from business customers, which tend to have relatively predictable consistent volumes; Recurring revenue models driven by recurring volume, resulting in predictable revenue; Unique selling systems with common sales approaches, management and repo rting; Specialized technology platforms and proprietary payment acceptance networks, which we believe create competitive advantages and barriers to entry; and Attractive EBITDA margins and strong cash flow conversion with relatively limited incremental infrastructure investment requirements. Our Vision Corpay s vision is that every payment is digital, every purchase is controlled, and every related decision is informed. Corpay s wide range of modern, digitized solutions generally provides control, reporting, and automation benefits superior to many of the payment methods businesses often use, such as cash, paper checks, general purpose credit cards, as well as employee pay and reclaim processes. Our Mission Corpay uses modern technology to help companies control business expenses and make payments more safely and securely than ever before. Through the digitalization of payments, we support ecosystems which benefit all participating constituents: payment-making customers, payment-accepting merchants, tax-collecting governments, and Corpay. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents 02. CORPAY AT A GLANCE Our Strategy We are executing on a strategy of optimizing assets, leveraging similar selling methods, and bundling and cross-selling value- added solutions. We continue to enhance our solutions to displace inferior payment methods, improve customers mobile and digital experiences, and extend utility. We actively market and sell to current and prospective customers leveraging a multi- channel go-to-market approach, which includes comprehensive digital channels, direct sales forces and strategic partner relationships. We supplement our organic growth strategy and sales efforts by pursuing attractive acquisition opportunities, which serve to strengthen our market positions and accelerate growth. We have simplified the Company by consolidating into three reportable segments Corporate Payments, Vehicle Payments and Lodging Payments and we will rationalize businesses that are not core. With a long, proven operating history, Corpay now serves hundreds of thousands of business customers with millions of cardholders making payments to millions of vendors around the world. Our Performance Corpay has delivered a superior track record of growth, generating compound annual growth rates ( CAGR ) of 17% in revenue and 19% in adjusted net income per diluted share ( Adjusted EPS ) since going pub lic in 2010. 2010- 2025 17% CAGR 2010- 2025 19% CAGR Revenue (1) (in millions) Adjusted EPS (2) (1) Revenues before 2018 are presented pre-adoption of ASC 606. (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. See appendix for reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP. 4 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 02. CORPAY AT A GLANCE Table of Contents Our Board of Directors In order to oversee our complex, global business, our Board of Directors (the Board ) is comprised of experienced individuals who are engaged in their duties and invested in our Company s success. Our Board recognizes the importance of independence from management and ensures its responsiveness to shareholders by directly connecting directors interests with those of our shareholders. Our Board and management have taken a long-term view toward shareholder engagement and recognize that continuous solicitation and consideration of shareholder feedback is critical to driving growth and creating shareholder value. As a result, we regularly engage with our shareholders throughout the year by multiple means to encourage ongoing, meaningful dialogue. We encourage you to visit the Governance area of the Investor Relations section of our website (https:// investor.corpay.com) where you will find detailed information about our corporate governance practices, including our key governance documents listed below: Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy Regarding Interested Party Communications with the Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines Insider Trading Policy Board Committee Charters The reports and other information contained on websites referred to in this Proxy Statement (other than to the extent specifically referred to herein as required by the rules of the NYSE or the SEC) are not part of this proxy solicitation and are not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement or any other proxy materials. Forward-Leaning Corporate Governance In response to our shareholder engagement efforts and recent shareholder votes at our annual meetings, we have taken significant steps to adopt many corporate governance best practices: Declassified Board of Directors Lead Independent Director Majority voting in Director elections Expanded shareholder engagement Proxy access Shareholder right to call special meetings Shareholder right to act by written consent No supermajority shareholder voting Regular review of governance practices Continued publication of our annual Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Report 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents 02. CORPAY AT A GLANCE Forward-Leaning Compensation Practices Corpay has embraced best practices in our compensation programs, which strongly support our pay-for-performance philosophy and culture: Named executive officer ( NEO ) compensation aligned with Company and, as applicable, division performance Total target pay levels generally at or below peer median Significant portion of NEO compensation generally delivered in the form of equity-based awards Different performance metrics for different compensation components Incentive payouts tied closely to achieving published guidance Significant stock ownership requirements No repricing or cashing out of underwater stock options or stock appreciation rights No hedging or pledging of common shares No excise tax gross-ups Maintain a compensation clawback policy that exceeds the Dodd-Frank Act requirements by extending to executive misconduct Below-market severance policies Shareholder engagement includes nomination and governance committee Chair, compensation committee Chair, additional Board members and management Utilize an independent compensation consultant Shareholder Engagement Results Our 2025 shareholder outreach was a continuation of our annual comprehensive shareholder engagement plan. We have taken decisive action in recent years in response to our shareholder outreach initiatives and we believe that our practices address the feedback we received. Our shareholder engagement ensured that we heard the feedback of our shareholders in addition to generous access to the management team, after we mailed the 2025 Proxy Statement, but before the 2025 shareholder meeting, we offered the opportunity to discuss our Proxy Statement with our top 10 shareholders as of December 31, 2024 . We invited shareholders representing approximately 52% of our shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024 to discuss matters that were presented at our 2025 shareholder meeting, including our executive compensation program; 20 % of contacted shareholders accepted our invitation and completed a call with a board member. Additionally, our senior management attended multiple, quarterly sell-side hosted investor events, and met with investors representing more than 60% of our shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024 throughout 2025 to discuss the Company s performance and short and long-term strategic direction. Who We Engage: Institutional shareholders Sell-side analysts Retail shareholders and shareholder advocates Fixed income investors Proxy advisory firms How We Engage: Quarterly earnings calls Investor conferences Annual shareholder meetings Investor roadshows, on-site visits and virtual meetings One-on-one meetings How We Communicate: Annual report Proxy statement SEC filings Press releases Company website Investor presentations Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Report 6 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 02. CORPAY AT A GLANCE Table of Contents Based on our outreach efforts and our review of the recommendations of proxy advisory firms, the table below summarizes what we heard and how we responded in 2025 and 2026 . What we heard What we have done in response Interest in the direction of NEO compensation, including metrics used for NEO incentive-based compensation Annual Bonus Equity Incentive Performance Metrics: The entire portion of all participating NEOs (including the CEO) targeted Annual Bonus Equity Incentive opportunities for 2025 was contingent upon the achievement of pre-established financial and operating metrics. This incentive is fully denominated and settled in shares of stock and is in lieu of a traditional cash bonus opportunity. Performance Linkages: The 2025 equity incentives to all of our NEOs were comprised at least 50% of performance-based incentives, except for Mr. Netto due to his tax equalization award discussed below. These performance-based incentives were 100% contingent on the achievement of pre-established earnings per share, revenue and/or operating metrics. The majority of NEO compensation should be performance-based For 2026 , we ensured more than 50% of all NEO equity incentives in the aggregate is performance- based. Long-term compensation should have longer measurement periods Our long-term equity compensation has a vesting schedule that is more than one year. A portion of long- term equity compensation has a performance measurement period of three years. Compensation structures should align with value creation In 2025 , incentives were granted 100% in the form of equity-based awards that are settled in the form of shares. We did not offer a traditional cash bonus opportunity to our NEOs and instead provided a short- term incentive opportunity in the form of an equity-based award (referred to as the Annual Bonus Equity Incentive). A portion of our NEOs targeted equity incentive opportunities are tied to the achievement of pre-established financial metrics that directly contribute to long-term shareholder value creation. We are committed to aligning the compensation of our NEOs with shareholder value creation. CEO compensation structure should help ensure long-term retention In 2024, we provided the CEO with long-term equity awards, a portion of which has a performance measurement period of three years. Compensation for NEOs should have a total shareholder return component We continue to believe the performance metrics we have chosen for our equity incentives are directly aligned with the creation of shareholder value, and are therefore the most appropriate metrics in the near-term. We have considered the use of relative total shareholder return ("TSR"), but have found that there are too few companies in our direct operating space that present the opportunity for reliable and statistically relevant comparisons of TSR over a three-year period. We intend to continue to review the possibility of adding relative TSR as a metric in coming years, and are receptive to doing so in the event that reliable comparisons are available. At target, and on average, approximately 90% of NEO compensation is settled in shares of stock, implicitly incorporating a TSR component. Disclosure should provide context for why the Company selects particular performance metrics for incentive- based compensation As noted throughout this Proxy Statement, a portion of our NEOs equity incentives are tied to the achievement of the financial and operating metrics that best align with shareholder value creation and we have enhanced disclosure of the metrics. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents 02. CORPAY AT A GLANCE Our Commitment to Corporate Responsibility Corporate responsibility promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders and strengthens Board and management accountability. Our corporate strategy includes a focus on how environmental and social issues may impact the long-term interests of our shareholders and other stakeholders. We believe that environmentally and socially responsible operating practices are important considerations while generating value for our shareholders, being good partners with our customers by providing efficient payment solutions, and being a good employer to our employees. Core Values INNOVATION COLLABORATION EXECUTION INTEGRITY PEOPLE Figure out a better way Accomplish more together Get it done; outputs matter Do the right thing We make the difference People As of December 31, 2025 , Corpay employed approximately 11,800 associates located in 34 countries around the world, with approximately 4,300 of those associates based in the U.S. Our values-driven people programs, practices and policies have been developed to ensure we are able to attract, retain and develop the quality of talent necessary to advance our key initiatives and achieve our strategic objectives. We are firmly committed to delivering a strong employee value proposition and unique employment experience to our associates which, in turn, should lead to better customer experiences and business outcomes. Culture We believe that commitment to our culture is a strong determinant of the Company s performance and success. Our culture has evolved thro ugh time, as the Company has grown considerably both organically and through acquisitions. Despite Corpay s expansive size and ge ographic scope, we retain a strong entrepreneurial spirit, and share a common vision, mission and set of values, which together serve as cornerstones to our One Corpay culture. Our Core Values are infused in all aspects of Corpay and guide our employee selection, behavior and interactions with both internal and external stakeholders. Through our relentless efforts to improve our workplace, in 2024 we earned the Great Place To Work Certification from Great Place To Work . During 2025, we ranked #39 on the Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces list from Newsweek and the Best Practice Institute, which highlights companies across the globe where employees genuinely love to work. We believe fostering a welcoming environment and an engaged employee base aligns with our values. Talent Acquisition and De velop ment Corpay maintains a focus on recruiting a talented workforce across all businesses and geographies. Corpay recognizes both the importance of developing our workforce to power continued innovation, and the high demand of candidates in our industry. In addition to traditional recruiting channels (social media and third-party search firms), we also attract new talent through partnerships and employee referrals. Corpay offers a variety of high-quality learning opportunities, designed to support employee development and organizational effectiveness. Learning opportunities are available in all geographies at all levels, and incorporate personal, business and leadership skills development with the goal of empowering our organization, creating avenues for closing skill gaps, and enhancing the capabilities of our workforce. Leadership, teamwork, communication, and many other soft skills are vital to our success. We offer a wide variety of career opportunities and paths to advancement through on-the-job coaching, training, and education. Our learning and development program, eleVate , has four pillars Onboarding, Learner Education Advancement Program ( LEAP ), Mentorship and Coaching. 8 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 02. CORPAY AT A GLANCE Table of Contents There are 5 phases for Onboarding, the first pillar of eleVate , which include pre-boarding, Corpay Orientation, Team Orientation, Business Integration and Development. As part of the Corpay orientation, new employees are immersed in the Company s mission, vision, culture and values. The Corpay orientation also introduces our Human Resources programs, benefits, and policies and procedures, such as information security awareness, anti-harassment training and code of ethics compliance. New hires also learn about their workstyle and the workstyle of their colleagues by participating in our Introduction to DiSC program. LEAP, the second pillar of eleVate , offers both mandatory and optional learning opportunities. Our entry-level employees are required to participate in our foundational learning sessions, which build upon onboarding experiences. More senior employees are required to complete all foundational training along with our Global Leader Program ( GLP ) - Manager Edition, which is designed to teach both first-time and experienced managers situational leadership, coaching skills, and the art of providing feedback and feedforward. At the heart of our most senior leader learning experience is the GLP - Business Leader Edition. This leadership development program utilizes an interactive curriculum which is based on our core values and competencies. The goal is to guide our leaders towards greater self-awareness, create the opportunity to build a strong leadership foundation, provide the skills to act as a coach and mentor, and provide the opportunity to build lasting relationships with Corpay professionals from around the world. Senior leaders also have the opportunity to work with a personal coach and/or rotational assignments to further assist with their development. Mentorship is the third pillar of eleVate . We believe mentorship offers the opportunity for mentees to develop new skills, receive personalized feedback and gain a different perspective which may facilitate both professional and personal growth. Mentorship also helps build confidence and helps expand an employee s network. Finally, Coaching is the last pillar of eleVate . In addition to the coaching offered as part of GLP - Business Leader Edition, all employees have the opportunity to receive one-on-one developmental coaching. Health and Wellness We offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package, wellness programs, time-off policies, and an engaging environment. In the U.S., Corpay pays the majority of the cost for our core set of benefits which includes comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage. Our benefit plans include options for employees to customize their coverage with voluntary plans that include critical illness, disability, life insurance, hospitalization protection, and legal assistance, among others. We also offer access to tax-advantaged accounts that can help employees pay for future health care expenses, including Health Savings Accounts and Flexible Spending Accounts. Additionally, we offer life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, and short and long-term disability at no cost to the employee. All benefits are offered to employees, their partners (including spouses and domestic partners), and their children. In other geographies, we offer competitive benefits packages that are tailored to local market conditions and norms. Our wellness programs are designed to meet the evolving needs of a global workforce. We want our employees and their families to thrive and continue to place our focus on physical and mental well-being. We offer free virtual fitness classes and provide access to employee assistance programs in all regions. In the U.K. and Europe, we ve trained Mental Health First Aiders that provide all employees access to support on issues such as anxiety, depression, mental fatigue, burn out, or stress. Voice of the Employee Each year, Corpay conducts an employee survey to measure engagement. The purpose of the survey is to give employees a voice and use employee feedback to improve and build our organizational capability. We share the detailed engagement scores across the organization, and analyze the results to understand differences by geography, demographics, job level, and leader, and to identify opportunities for further improvement. Based on the feedback and perception of employees, action plans are created to drive continuous improvement of results. The participation rate for our 2025 annual survey was approximately 51% . Our employee engagement score in 2025 remained consistent with our prior year results. We believe our employee proposition remains strong and we continue to attract and retain top talent. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 9 03. Corporate Governance and Board Matters Our Board of Directors Our Board currently consists of twelve highly accomplished and engaged members. Except for our CEO, all of our directors are independent under the NYSE rules. The average tenure of our independent director nominees since the Company s initial public offering i s nine year s , and the average age of our independent director nominees is 66. We continually focus on Board composition to ensure an appropriate mix of tenure and expertise that provides fresh perspectives and significant industry, functional, and subject matter experience. The complexity of our global business requires oversight by experienced, informed individuals that understand the industry and challenges, and our Company on a deep level. Our directors diverse backgrounds contribute to an effective and well-balanced Board that is able to provide valuable insight to, and effective oversight to, our senior management team. Our Board of Directors is focused on maintaining a mix of skills and experience that include the following: Skills and Experience Payments, financial services and fintech Cyber information security Experience in the financial services industry, including payments, banking and technology. Experience in the IT, enterprise risk management and legal contexts. Understanding and familiarity with application of management frameworks to the operating requirements of the business. Finance accounting Global business Experience with the financial complexities of our business, including experience as senior financial leadership at a large global public company or financial institution. Experience in managing or supervising a business with global operations, particularly in countries outside of the U.S. where Corpay does business. Familiarity with compliance issues facings companies with global operations. Accomplished operating executive Business development strategy Experience including managing/supervising operations and business process improvement activities. Familiarity with development, implementation and reporting of service excellence, quality standards, operational performance metrics and targets. Experience including managing/supervising the strategic planning process for a global business and the associated development and implementation of specific growth opportunities. Technology innovation Other public company leadership or board service Experience including cloud computing, software development, artificial intelligence, technology architecture and digital transformation, through the development and evolution of technology platforms to provide clients digital choices, solutions and functionality. Experience in large-scale strategy and operations, public company reporting responsibilities and the issues commonly faced by public companies. 10 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Table of Contents Annabelle Bexiga David L. Bunch Ronald F. Clarke Joseph W. Farrelly Rahul Gupta Thomas M. Hagerty Archie L. Jones, Jr. Richard Macchia Hala G. Moddelmog Jeffrey S. Sloan Steven T. Stull Gerald Throop Skills and Experience Payments, financial services fintech l l l l l l l l l l l Finance accounting l l l l l l l l Accomplished operating executive l l l l l l l Technology innovation l l l l l l l l l l l Cyber information security l l l l l l l Global business l l l l l l l l l l Business development strategy l l l l l l l l l l l Other public company leadership or board service l l l l l l l l l l Racial/Ethnic Demographics African American or Black l Indian l Hispanic l White l l l l l l l l l Gender Demographics Male l l l l l l l l l l Female l l Board Demographics Matrix (as of December 31, 2025 ) Total Number of Directors: 12 Female Male Non-Binary Did Not Disclose Gender Part 1: Gender Identity Directors 2 10 Part 2: Demographic Background African American or Black 1 Indian 1 Hispanic 1 White 1 8 LGBTQ+ Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Director Nominees The nomination and governance committee evaluates the Board s composition at least annually to determine whether directors skills and experiences align with our long-term needs. The committee also takes into consideration the results of the Board s self-evaluation. Based on its review, the committee determines whether Board refreshment is needed. Then the committee searches for potential candidates, utilizing a variety of sources to help identify nominees who would be valuable assets to our Board. To meet the needs of our Board, the committee seeks to identify candidates possessing the desired qualities, skills and background. On January 22, 2026, the Board appointed David L. Bunch a director. Mr. Bunch provides over 25 years of global experience in payments, retail, and transport mobility, with a proven track record of operating across highly regulated international markets, and was recommended by the Board Chair. The Board has selected Mses. Bexiga and Moddelmog and Messrs. Bunch, Clarke, Farrelly, Gupta, Hagerty, Jones, Macchia, Sloan, Stull and Throop as nominees for election to the Board for one-year terms, to be voted upon at the annual meeting by shareholders. If elected, each director nominee will hold office until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until their earlier resignation, removal or other termination of service. Age: 64 Director Since: 2023 Annabelle Bexiga Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Prior Chief Information Officer positions at AIG (NYSE: AIG), a multinational finance and insurance corporation, from 2015 to 2017; TIAA, a Fortune 100 financial services organization, from 2010 to 2015; Bain Capital; and JP Morgan Chase Other board experience (current): StoneX Group Inc. and Quantexa Ltd. Provides: Substantial expertise in technology and cybersecurity Age: 55 Director Since: 2026 David L. Bunch Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Global Executive Vice President of Shell Mobility Convenience (NYSE: SHEL), one of the world s largest branded retail mobility and convenience businesses spanning 80 countries, since 2024; has directly managed global business operations, consistently creating value by optimizing expansive retail networks and high-volume consumer payment ecosystems; and an alumnus of the London Business School (MBA) and the INSEAD International Directors Program Other board experience (prior): Chair of Shell U.K. Ltd (NYSE: SHEL) from 2021 to 2024 and senior non-executive Director within the U.K. Government s Department of Transport from 2023 to 2025 Provides: Over 25 years of global experience in payments, retail, and transport mobility, with a proven track record of operating across highly regulated international markets 12 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Table of Contents Age: 70 Director Since: 2000 Board Chair Ronald F. Clarke Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Company CEO since August 2000; prior President COO of AHL Services, Inc. a staffing firm; Chief Marketing Officer and Division President of Automatic Data Processing, human resources and payroll services company; Principal with Booz Allen Hamilton, a global management firm; Marketing Manager of General Electric Company Other board experience (prior): Dayforce, Inc. (formerly NYSE: DAY) from 2018 to 2026 Provides: Deep knowledge of our Company and industry through his service as our Chief Executive Officer Age: 82 Director Since: 2014 Joseph W. Farrelly Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Former Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer of Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (NYSE: IPG), a global provider of advertising and marketing services, from 2006 to 2015; prior Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Aventis, Vivendi Universal, Joseph E. Seagrams and Nabisco Other board experience (prior): Helium, GridApps and Aperture Technologies, Inc., all of which were acquired by larger companies in their respective industries, and NetNumber Inc. Provides: Substantial experience and knowledge regarding information technology and security; experience in advertising and marketing Age: 66 Director Since: 2023 Rahul Gupta Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Prior executive positions as CEO of RevSpring, a healthcare billing and payments company from 2017 to 2019; as Group President for Fiserv (NASDAQ: FISV) from 2006 to 2017 and as President for eFunds (NYSE: EFD) from 2002 to 2006. In addition, Mr. Gupta has launched several startup companies in the payments and marketing spaces, built technology businesses for Fidelity Investments, and served numerous consulting clients for PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Other board experience (current): Mitek (NASDAQ: MITK), Avant Inc., SavvyMoney, Solutions By Text, and Capital Good Fund Other board experience (prior): Cardtronics plc (formerly NASDAQ: CATM) from 2020 to 2021; Paylease, LLC from 2019 to 2021, and Ncontracts from 2018 to 2020 Provides: Over 39 years of experience in the financial services and payments industries and significant experience in fintech venture and private equity 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Age: 63 Director Since: 2014 Thomas M. Hagerty Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Managing Director of Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P., a leading private equity firm, since 1994 Other board experience (current): Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF) and Dun Bradstreet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: DNB) Other board experience (prior): Dayforce, Inc. (formerly NYSE: DAY) Provides: Managerial and strategic expertise developed by working with and enhancing value at large, growth-oriented companies; expertise in corporate finance; substantial public company board experience Age: 54 Director Since: 2020 Archie L. Jones, Jr. Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Professor at Harvard Business School, the graduate business school of Harvard University, since 2020; prior executive positions at private equity, public and private companies including NOWaccount Network Corporation, IBM, Kenexa (NYSE: KNXA) and Parthenon Capital; Certified Public Accountant and graduate of Morehouse College and Harvard Business School Other board experience (current): National Association of Corporate Directors - Atlanta chapter Provides: Deep investment and mergers and acquisitions expertise in the financial institutions industry Age: 74 Director Since: 2010 Richard Macchia Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Former Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Administration for Internet Security Systems, Inc., an information security provider, from 1997 through 2006, when it was acquired by International Business Machines Corporation; senior executive roles, including as principal financial officer and accounting officer, with several public companies, including with MicroBilt Corporation, a financial information services company, and First Financial Management Corporation, a company providing credit card authorization, processing and settlement services and other enterprise solutions; Partner in the audit and assurance practice of KPMG Provides: Over 20 years of experience in the financial and information services industry and significant audit and accounting background 14 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Table of Contents Age: 70 Director Since: 2017 Hala G. Moddelmog Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: President CEO of the Woodruff Arts Center since 2020, which enriches the lives of more than 800,000 patrons annually, including more than 170,000 students and teachers, making the Woodruff Arts Center the largest arts educator in the state of Georgia; prior President CEO of the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce; prior President of Arby s Restaurant Group, Inc., a division of Wendy s/Arby s Group, Inc. (NYSE: WEN); prior President CEO of Susan G. Komen for the Cure, the world s largest breast cancer organization; CEO of Catalytic Ventures, LLC, a business that evaluated investment opportunities in foodservice, franchising and multi-unit retail; and prior President of Church s Chicken Other board experience (current): Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: LW), Woodruff Arts Center, and Children s Healthcare of Atlanta Other board experience (prior): Amerigroup Corporation (NYSE: AGP) from 2009 to 2012; AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (NYSE: AHS) from 2008 to 2010 and a number of non-profit boards of directors Provides: Over 20 years leading and enhancing value at high-growth companies including through M A; expertise in marketing; experience as an executive of large public companies; community ties and extensive board experience Age: 58 Director Since: 2013 Jeffrey S. Sloan Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Former CEO of Global Payments Inc. (NYSE: GPN), a leading international payments technology company, from 2013 through 2023; prior executive positions with Goldman, Sachs Co., including as partner and worldwide head of its financial technology group Other board experience (current): NCR Voyix Corporation (NYSE: VYX); Guidewire Software, Inc. (NYSE: GWRE); VeriFone, Inc.; and PaymentWorks Provides: Over 30 years of experience in the financial services, financial technology and payments industries; extensive experience in public board directorships, private equity and venture capital investing; and financial acumen and experience as a public company executive for 13 years Age: 67 Director Since: 2000 Lead Independent Director Steven T. Stull Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: CEO and Co-Founder of Advantage Capital Partners, a private equity firm, overseeing investments in the technology, financial and information services industries, since 1992; prior Investment executive with a large insurance company; Chief Financial Officer of an information services company and other career experience in financial institutions Provides: Deep experience in investments and the financial services industry 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Age: 68 Director Since: 2023 Gerald Throop Featured experience, qualifications and attributes: Former Head of Global Equities at the National Bank of Canada; prior Head of Canadian Equities at Merrill Lynch; previously CFO for two Canadian public telecommunications companies; earned Canadian CPA while serving with a predecessor of KPMG Other board experience (current): Nasdaq Canada Other board experience (prior): Lead Independent Director for Dayforce, Inc. (formerly NYSE: DAY) from 2018 to 2026 Provides: Over 30 years of experience in the financial and banking industry and significant audit and accounting background 16 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Table of Contents Evaluation and Evolution of Our Board As part of our focus on shareholder value, we regularly evaluate the performance of our Board and its committees and engage in self-evaluation process. We also evaluate the mix of experience, expertise and tenure of our individual directors. Our corporate governance guidelines reflect this approach. We believe our directors diverse backgrounds help us to make the most of opportunities and to effectively manage risk. We believe that our efforts have and will continue to result in a board and management focused on delivering exceptional value to our shareholders. Board Meetings and Committees The Board held seven meetings in 2025 . Information regarding the number of meetings held by the Board's five standing committees in 2025 is set forth below. Each director attended 100% of Board and applicable committee meetings held during the year. The Board does not have a formal policy with respect to attendance at meetings, however, all of our directors are expected to attend each meeting. Our independent directors meet regularly in executive session at each scheduled in-person Board meeting. These sessions are led by the Lead Independent Director who reports the results of the independent sessions to the CEO and, if appropriate, to other members of senior management. Through 2025 , our Board had five standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; a nomination and governance committee (referred to as our governance committee); an executive and acquisitions committee; and an information technology and security committee. The table below provides current membership for each of the Board committees. Each committee endeavors to meet quarterly, except the governance committee and the executive and acquisitions committee, which meet as needed. Our Board has adopted charters for the committees, which are available on our website at https://investor.corpay.com. Audit Compensation Nomination Governance Executive Acquisitions Information Technology Security Annabelle Bexiga M C David L. Bunch M Ronald F. Clarke C Joseph W. Farrelly C M Rahul Gupta M M Thomas M. Hagerty M M Archie L. Jones, Jr. M M M Richard Macchia C, F M Hala G. Moddelmog M C Jeffrey S. Sloan M M Steven T. Stull M M Gerald Throop M, F C = Chair M = Member F = Financial Expert 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Audit Committee The audit committee is chaired by Mr. Macchia and also consists of Messrs. Gupta, Jones and Throop. The audit committee held seven meetings in 2025 . The Board determined that each member of the audit committee is independent under the NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, and has determined that Mr. Macchia and Mr. Throop qualify as audit committee financial experts under SEC rules. The audit committee s primary responsibilities include: appointing and overseeing independence of and all other aspects of our relationship with our independent registered accountants reviewing and monitoring our accounting principles and policies, and our financial and accounting controls and compliance with regulatory requirements overseeing the financial reporting process and reviewing our interim and annual financial statements establishing procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters approving all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent accountants reviewing an d approving rel ated-party transactions. Compensation Committee The compensation committee is chaired by Mr. Farrelly and also consists of Mses. Bexiga and Moddelmog and Messrs. Hagerty and Stull. The compensation committee held four meetings in 2025 . The Board has determined that each compensation committee member is independent under the NYSE rules for compensation committee members. The compensation committee s primary responsibilities include: annually reviewing and approving the goals, objectives and specific levels of our executive compensation programs reviewing and approving employment, severance and change in control arrangements administering our executive incentive plans reviewing and approving policies related to executive compensation, including stock ownership guidelines, clawback policy and hedging/pledging policy selecting our independent compensation consultant. The compensation committee may from time to time delegate all or a portion of its duties and responsibilities to a subcommittee of the compensation committee. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis for a description of the processes and procedures of the compensation committee, the committee s role, and the role of our executive officers and the compensation committee s independent compensation consultant, in determining or recommending the amount or form of compensation for executive officers and directors. Nomination and Governance Committee The governance committee is chaired by Ms. Moddelmog and also consists of Messrs. Gupta, Jones and Stull. The governance committee held three meetings in 2025 . The governance committee s primary responsibilities include: overseeing succession planning developing and recommending criteria for selecting new directors evaluating individuals and qualifications to become directors recommending nominees for committees of the Board assisting the Board with matters concerning corporate governance practices overseeing ESG initiatives and similar considerations. The governance committee may from time to time delegate all or a portion of its duties and responsibilities to a subcommittee. 18 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Table of Contents Executive and Acquisitions Committee The executive and acquisitions committee is chaired by Mr. Clarke and also consists of Messrs. Hagerty, Jones and Sloan. The executive and acquisitions committee held no meetings in 2025 , as all acquisitions were discussed with the full Board. The executive and acquisitions committee is responsible for addressing important Company matters, including capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, dispositions and financing activities, that the Chair of the Board determines should be addressed before the next scheduled meeting of the Board. Information Technology and Security Committee The information technology and security committee is chaired by Ms. Bexiga and also consists of Messrs. Bunch, Farrelly, Macchia and Sloan. The information technology and security committee held four meetings in 2025 . The information technology and security committee is responsible for providing oversight and leadership for our information technology security and cybersecurity, planning processes, policies and objectives. In furtherance of this role, the primary purpose of the committee is to review, assess and make recommendations regarding the long-term strategy for global information security and the evolution of our technology in a competitive environment. To accomplish this purpose, the information technology and security committee has five primary responsibilities: understanding the security controls and assessments conducted on our major payment platforms and comparing same to industry best practices evaluating strategies to protect our intellectual property assessing opportunities to update our processing platform strategies to ensure the long term effective and efficient use of our resources reviewing progress on significant IT security and cybersecurity projects and evaluating effectiveness of projects overseeing our disaster recovery and business continuity plans Risk Oversight Our Board, together with its committees, is responsible for overseeing our risk management. The Chair of each committee reports to the full Board the significant risks facing the Company, as identified by management, and the measures undertaken by management for controlling and mitigating those risks. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the annual internal audit plan, our major financial and compliance risk exposures, steps taken to monitor and control such exposures, risk management and risk assessment policies, significant findings and recommendations and management s responses. In addition, our internal audit function routinely performs audits on various aspects of operational risks and reports the results quarterly. The Compensation Committee considers risks associated with our compensation policies and practices, with respect to both executive compensation and compensation generally. The Governance Committee is responsible for succession planning, governance structure and processes, ESG initiatives and considerations, legal and policy matters with potential significant reputational impact and shareholder concerns. The Information Technology and Security Committee focuses on risks associated with information technology and security, such as cybersecurity, security controls, technology initiatives and intellectual property protection. The information technology and security committee conducts reviews at least quarterly to oversee the efficacy of cybersecurity risk initiatives and related controls, policies, procedures, training, preparedness and governance structure. The Board and the information technology and security committee directed the formation of a cross-functional cybersecurity council at the Company, and receive regular cybersecurity reports from the global Chief Information Officer (CIO), the corporate CIO and the Chief Information Security Officer, among others. Our Board, with input from the various committees and senior management, regularly engages in discussing the most significant risks and how the risks are being managed. Our management team is responsible for identifying and working with the Board to manage business risk and design a risk framework, including setting boundaries and monitoring risk appetite. We believe that our leadership structure, as described above, supports the risk oversight function of the Board. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Board Leadership Structure The Board does not have a policy on whether the role of CEO and Chair should be separate. The Board believes that it should have the flexibility to consider all relevant factors and select the most appropriate leadership structure for the Company s circumstances, at any given time. Mr. Clarke currently serves as the Company's CEO and Chair. The Board believes our leadership structure, with Mr. Clarke serving in these roles, enhances the Board s effectiveness in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, including with respect to the Company s risk exposures, due to his broad experience with and extensive knowledge of our operations. At any time that the role of Chair is held by the CEO, or for any other reason the Chair is not an independent director, the non- employee directors elect one of the non-employee directors to serve as Lead Independent Director. Mr. Stull currently serves as the Company's Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director has the following powers and responsibilities: Preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chair or any Vice Chair of the Board is not present; Preside over executive sessions of the non-employee directors; Serve as liaison between the non-employee directors and the Chair and the CEO; Call meetings of non-employee directors, with appropriate notice; Coordinate with the Chair and CEO on meeting schedules, agendas and information provided to the Board; Be available for consultation with significant stockholders if so requested; and Exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be assigned to the Lead Independent Director by the Board from time to time. The Board believes Mr. Stull has effectively leveraged his experience to provide leadership and help guide the Board s independent oversight of the Company s risk exposures through the Lead Independent Director role in collaborating with the Chair and approving Board meeting agendas, chairing executive sessions of the non-employee directors, and facilitating communications between the non-employee directors and the Chair. Director Independence Our corporate governance guidelines provide that a majority of our directors will be independent. Our Board has adopted director independence guidelines to assist in determining each director s independence. These guidelines are included in our corporate governance guidelines available on our website at https://investor.corpay.com. The guidelines exceed the independence requirements of the NYSE. Under the director independence guidelines and NYSE rules, the Board must annually review each director s independence and affirmatively determine a director has no relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Board has analyzed the independence of each director and determined that, except for our CEO, they each meet the standards of independence under our director independence standards, and applicable NYSE listing rules, including that each member is free of any relationship that would interfere with their individual exercise of independent judgment. 2025 Director Compensation The non-employee members of our Board receive compensation for serving as directors. Our Board believes equity-based awards are appropriate forms of compensation for our directors because the value of the grants increases as the value of our stock price increases, aligning the interests of these directors with those of our shareholders. Annual grants for director service for 2025 generally had a target value at grant of approximately $300,000. The amount of these grants was determined based on our Board s general experience with market levels of director compensation. In addition, the Board approved a cash payment in the amount of $75,000 for each committee Chair serving in such capacity in February 2025 and our Lead Independent Director (Mses. Bexiga and Moddelmog and Messrs. Farrelly, Macchia and Stull). The decision to provide cash compensation is reviewed on an annual basis. All members of our Board are reimbursed for actual expenses incurred in connection with attendance at Board meetings. Mr. Clarke does not receive any compensation for service on our Board. For 2025 , each of our non-employee directors had the ability to elect to receive a grant of restricted stock or stock options for his or her annual equity compensation award. Messrs. Hagerty and Stull opted for an equity compensation award in the form of stock options, and each of the remaining non-employee directors opted for an equity compensation award in the form of restricted stock. 20 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Table of Contents Our corporate governance guidelines set forth an expectation that all non-employee directors will hold at least a specified dollar value of common shares or equity interests within five years of becoming a director. In 2019, our Board increased the stock ownership guideline from $150,000 to $1,250,000. Based on the closing stock price on December 31, 2025 , seven of our current non-employee directors are in compliance with this guideline and we expect that our four newest non-employee directors will meet the guideline within five years of their election as directors, or as soon as practical, as required by our corporate governance guidelines. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) Option Awards (2) ($) Total ($) Annabelle Bexiga 75,000 300,339 375,339 Joseph W. Farrelly 75,000 300,339 375,339 Rahul Gupta 300,339 300,339 Thomas M. Hagerty 300,022 300,022 Archie L. Jones, Jr. 300,339 300,339 Richard Macchia 75,000 300,339 375,339 Hala G. Moddelmog 75,000 300,339 375,339 Jeffrey S. Sloan 300,339 300,339 Steven T. Stull 75,000 300,022 375,022 Gerald C. Throop 300,339 300,339 (1) Consisted of shares of restricted stock, which vested on February 14, 2026. The value for stock awards in this column represents the grant date fair value, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718. On December 31, 2025, each of the non-employee directors (other than Messrs. Hagerty and Stull) had 796 shares of restricted stock outstanding. (2) Consisted of a grant of non-qualified stock options, which vested on February 14, 2026. The value for stock options in this column represents the grant date fair value, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. On December 31, 2025, Messrs. Hagerty and Stull each had 6,828 stock options outstanding. Director Qualifications The qualifications for directors are described in our corporate governance guidelines, which is available on our website. The Board does not currently apply any minimum qualifications or require that a director have specified qualities or skills in order to be considered for a position as a director. The Board recognizes the value of diverse backgrounds and skills among its members and the impact it can have on the performance of the Board. Our corporate governance guidelines provide that no director should serve on more than four other public company boards, unless the governance committee determines otherwise. Directors are expected to advise the Chair of the Board and the governance committee Chair in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board. The Board has not limited the number of years for which a person may serve as a director or required a mandatory retirement age, because such limits could deprive us of the valuable contributions made by a director who develops, over time, significant insights into us and our operations. The renomination of existing directors is not viewed as automatic, but is based on continuing qualification under the criteria stated above. In addition, the committee considers the existing directors performance on the Board and any committee. Director Nomination Process Selection of Director Nominees: Our governance committee is responsible for evaluating candidates for election or appointment to our Board based on the criteria discussed above. The governance committee considers candidates identified by it, other directors, executive officers and shareholders, and, if desired, a third-party search firm. The committee selects nominees to recommend to the Board, which considers and makes the final selection of director nominees and directors to serve on its committees. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents 03. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Shareholder Recommendations of Nominees: The governance committee of the Board considers recommendations for candidates for nomination to the Board by shareholders. The governance committee will consider and evaluate candidates recommended by shareholders in the same manner as candidates recommended from other sources. If the Board determines to nominate a shareholder-recommended candidate and recommends his or her election, then that nominee will be named in the Proxy Statement for the next annual meeting. Shareholder recommendations must be addressed to: Corpay, Inc. Attention: Corporate Secretary DIRECTOR CANDIDATE RECOMMENDATION 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400 Atlanta, Georgia 30305 Proxy Access Nominations: To be timely for consideration at our 2027 annual meeting, a shareholder s proxy access notice to a Corporate Secretary regarding a proxy access director nomination must be received no earlier than January 7, 2027 and no later than February 6, 2027 . However, in the event that the 2027 annual meeting is called for a date that is not within thirty days of May 7, 2027 , notice by the shareholder must be received by the later of (i) the 90th day before such annual meeting or (ii) the tenth day following Corpay s first public announcement of the date of such meeting. Shareholder proxy access nominations must be addressed to: Corpay, Inc. Attention: Corporate Secretary PROXY ACCESS DIRECTOR NOMINEE 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400 Atlanta, Georgia 30305 Contacting the Board: Shareholders and other interested parties can contact the Board as a group or the non-management directors as a group as follows: For the Board as a whole: CorpayBoard@corpay.com For the non-management directors: CorpayNonManagementDirectors@corpay.com The Corporate Secretary reviews all written and emailed correspondence received from shareholders and other interested parties and forwards such correspondence periodically to the directors if and as appropriate. Shareholders can submit communications anonymously or by identifying themselves. Governance Policies Complete copies of our corporate governance guidelines, committee charters and code of conduct are available on the Governance section of our website, at https:// investor.corpay.com. In accordance with NYSE rules, we may also make disclosure of the following on our website: the method for interested parties to communicate directly with the presiding director or with the independent directors as a group the identity of any member of our audit committee who also serves on the audit committees of more than three public companies and a determination by our Board that such simultaneous service will not impair the ability of such member to effectively serve on our audit committee contributions by us to a tax exempt organization in which any independent director serves as an executive officer if, within the preceding three years, contributions in any single fiscal year exceeded the greater of $1 million or 2% of such tax exempt organization s consolidated gross revenues. We will provide copies of any of the foregoing information without charge upon written request to: Corpay, Inc. Attention: Corporate Secretary 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400 Atlanta, Georgia 30305 22 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 04. Information Regarding Beneficial Ownership of Principal Shareholders, Directors, and Management The table below sets forth the common shares beneficially owned by our directors, our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and our next three most highly compensated executive officers, whom we refer to as our named executive officers or NEOs, and all perso ns known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding common shares, as of February 17, 2026 . Percentages are based on 68,050,296 s hares outstanding as of February 17, 2026 . Name and Address (1) Common Shares Beneficially Owned (2) (#) Right to Acquire (3) (#) Total (4) (#) Percent of Outstanding Shares (%) Orbis Investments (5) Orbis House, 25 Front Street, Hamilton, Bermuda HM11 4,987,968 4,987,968 7.33 Blackrock, Inc. (6) 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 4,972,482 4,972,482 7.31 JPMORGAN CHASE CO. (7) 383 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10179 4,255,951 4,255,951 6.25 Directors and NEOs: Ronald F. Clarke (8) 2,344,870 850,000 3,194,870 4.64 Peter Walker (9) 934 934 * Alissa B. Vickery (10) 907 6,152 7,059 * Armando L. Netto (11) 28,137 97,624 125,761 * Alan King (12) 21,620 116,197 137,817 * Annabelle Bexiga 3,440 3,440 * David L. Bunch * Joseph W. Farrelly 11,326 11,326 * Rahul Gupta 2,713 2,713 * Thomas M. Hagerty (13) 9,222 6,828 16,050 * Archie L. Jones, Jr. 3,944 3,944 * Richard Macchia 12,795 12,795 * Hala G. Moddelmog 7,614 7,614 * Jeffrey S. Sloan 12,474 12,474 * 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents 04. INFORMATION REGARDING BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, AND MANAGEMENT Directors and NEOs: Steven T. Stull (14) 35,488 16,277 51,765 * Gerald Throop 1,549 1,549 * Directors and executive officers as a group (16 Persons) 2,497,033 1,093,078 3,590,111 5.19 Tom Panther (15) 8,946 8,946 * * Less than 1% of common shares outstanding (1) The business address for each individual listed is 3280 Peachtree Road, Suite 2400, Atlanta, GA 30305 . (2) Unless otherwise noted, includes shares for which the named person has sole voting and investment power or has shared voting and investment power. This column excludes shares that may be acquired through stock option exercises. (3) This column includes shares vesting or that can be acquired through stock option exercises through April 18, 2026. (4) This column includes common shares, restricted shares, and shares vesting or that can be acquired through stock option exercises through April 18, 2026. (5) This information was reported on a Schedule 13G filed by Orbis Investment Management Limited with the SEC on February 17, 2026, of which they have sole dispositive rights for 4,987,968 shares. (6) This information was reported on a Schedule 13G filed by Blackrock, Inc. with the SEC on November 8, 2024, of which they have sole dispositive rights for 4,972,482 shares. (7) This information was reported on a Schedule 13G filed by JP Morgan Chase Co. with the SEC on February 11, 20 25, of which they have sole dispositive rights for 4,246,851 shares and shared dispositive rights for 6,437 shares . (8) Includes 2,344,870 common shares and vested options to purchase 850,000 shares. (9) Does not include 3,990 restricted units subject to vesting requirements, as to which the individual does not have voting rights or dispositive power. (10) Does not include 1,106 restricted units subject to vesting requirements, as to which the individual does not have voting rights or dispositive power. (11) Includes 28,137 common shares, vested options to purchase 95,916 shares, and 1,708 restricted units vesting within 60 days. Does not include 4,003 restricted units subject to vesting requirements, as to which the individual does not have voting rights or dispositive power. (12) Does not include 1,698 restricted units subject to vesting requirements, as to which the individual does not have voting rights or dispositive power. (13) Includes 9,222 common shares and vested options to purchase 6,828 shares. (14) Represents 6,247 common shares held by Advantage Capital Financial Company, LLC ( Advantage Capital ) and related entities, 29,241 common shares held by Mr. Stull and vested options to purchase 16,277 shares. Mr. Stull has shared voting power with respect to the shares held by Advantage Capital and as a result may be deemed to beneficially own such shares. Mr. Stull disclaims ownership of the shares held by the Advantage Capital entities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest in them. Advantage Capital is a private equity firm. (15) Because Mr. Panther resigned from the Company effective March 15, 2025, he is no longer required to report to the Company ownership of Company equity that he owns. Accordingly, the amount in the table reflects Mr. Panther s ownership of Company equity based on information reasonably available to the Company. 24 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 05. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Our compensation policies and programs, the material compensation decisions we have made under those policies and programs, and the material factors that we have considered in making those decisions are described in this section. Following this section is a series of tables containing specific information about the compensation earned, awarded or paid in 2025 by or to the individuals we refer to as our NEOs for purposes of this Proxy Statement, who are our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), each individual who served as our Chief Financial Officer during 2025, and certain other highly paid executive officers, in accordance with SEC rules. The discussion below is intended to explain the detailed information provided in the executive compensation tables and to put that information into context within our overall compensation program. Our NEOs for 2025 were: Name Position Ronald F. Clarke Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors Peter Walker Chief Financial Officer Tom Panther Former Chief Financial Officer Alissa B. Vickery Chief Accounting Officer and Former Interim Chief Financial Officer Armando L. Netto Group President, Brazil Vehicle Payments and Strategic Transformation Alan King Group President, International Vehicle Payments Leadership Transitions in 2025 Mr. Panther resigned as Chief Financial Officer effective March 15, 2025. In connection with Mr. Panther s departure, Ms. Vickery, our Chief Accounting Officer, was appointed to serve as our interim Chief Financial Officer effective immediately upon Mr. Panther s departure. Ms. Vickery previously served as our interim Chief Financial Officer from October 3, 2022 through May 2, 2023. We determined Ms. Vickery s compensation for 2025 with the expectation that we would hire a permanent Chief Financial Officer. Therefore, certain elements of her 2025 compensation differ in design and magnitude from the compensation of our other NEOs. On June 10, 2025, we announced the appointment of Peter Walker as our Chief Financial Officer, and he commenced service in such role effective July 15, 2025 . Upon Mr. Walker s appointment to the role, Ms. Vickery ceased serving as our interim Chief Financial Officer, but continued to serve as our Chief Accounting Officer. In connection with his appointment, the compensation committee determined that Mr. Walker s compensation package would include an annual base salary of $600,000. In addition, Mr. Walker received certain equity compensation awards upon his hire, which awards are described below. 2025 Performance Corpay is a leading global payments company that helps businesses spend less by enabling them to better manage their expense-related purchasing and vendor payments processes. Corpay s smarter payment and spend management solutions are delivered in a variety of ways depending on the needs of the customer, from physical payment cards to software that includes customizable controls and robust payment capabilities. Our solutions keep business moving and result in our customers better controlling purchases, mitigating fraud, and ultimately spending less. Our unique positioning and focus on performance drove our results in 2025 . We realized impressive performance: Record high revenue of $4.5 billion , up 14% , and Adjusted EPS of $21.38 , up 12% * Organic revenue growth for 2025 was up 10% * 2025 sales was up 29% * $4.3 billion of capital transacted for acquisitions, investments and stock buybacks * as compared to prior year 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS We continued to improve our positioning in 2025 , extending both the product set and customer segments in our two primary businesses, Corporate Payments and Vehicle Payments, representing more than 80% of our revenue. These efforts increase our business, products and services against a more than $100 trillion global total addressable market, which positions us to continue our historically consistent organic and inorganic growth. Additional highlights from 2025 include : In Corporate Payments, we closed three meaningful transactions including the 2nd largest acquisition in the Company s history. These transactions expand our target customer segments meaningfully, with access now to financial institutions and private capital markets within our cross-border business In Vehicle Payments, we purchased another digital mobility solution company for paying vehicle-related taxes and compliance fees in Brazil We are focused on the future, as we continue to capture and drive scale in our Corporate Payments business, while looking for both organic and inorganic opportunities to supplement our current growth. Our compensation programs reflect and reward our NEOs for individual and corporate wide performance and are structured to be aligned with shareholder value creation. Responsiveness to 2025 Say-On-Pay Vote Our say-on-pay proposal at our 2025 annual meeting received approximately 54 % approval. Although the compensation committee viewed this approval by the majority of our shareholders as demonstrating support for our executive compensation program, we continued our shareholder outreach efforts in 2025 , including inviting discussion with representatives of our executive team and the Board, including our compensation committee Chair. Shareholder Outreach Process Our Board and management have taken a long-term view toward shareholder engagement and recognize that solicitation and consideration of shareholder feedback is critical to being a high-performing company and creating shareholder value. As a result, we regularly engage with our shareholders throughout the year in multiple forms calls, in-person meetings and shareholder conferences to encourage ongoing, meaningful dialogue. Feedback received was shared regularly with the Board, including the compensation committee, for review and discussion in anticipation of establishing 2026 compensation. Based on our outreach efforts and our review of the recommendations of proxy advisory firms, the table below summarizes what we heard and how we responded in 2025 and 2026 . What we heard What we have done in response Interest in the direction of NEO compensation, including metrics used for NEO incentive-based compensation Annual Bonus Equity Incentive Performance Metrics: The entire portion of all participating NEOs (including the CEO) targeted Annual Bonus Equity Incentive opportunities for 2025 was contingent upon the achievement of pre-established financial and operating metrics. This incentive is fully denominated and settled in shares of stock and is in lieu of a traditional cash bonus opportunity. Performance Linkages: The 2025 equity incentives to all of our NEOs were comprised at least 50% of performance-based incentives, except for Mr. Netto due to his tax equalization award discussed below. These performance-based incentives were 100% contingent on the achievement of pre-established earnings per share, revenue and/or operating metrics. The majority of NEO compensation should be performance-based For 2026, we ensured more than 50% of all NEO equity incentives in the aggregate is performance- based. Long-term compensation should have longer measurement periods Our long-term equity compensation has a vesting schedule that is more than one year. A portion of long- term equity compensation has a performance measurement period of three years. 26 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents What we heard What we have done in response Compensation structures should align with value creation In 2025, incentives were granted 100% in the form of equity-based awards that are settled in the form of shares. We did not offer a traditional cash bonus opportunity to our NEOs and instead provided a short- term incentive opportunity in the form of an equity-based award (referred to as the Annual Bonus Equity Incentive). A portion of our NEOs targeted equity incentive opportunities are tied to the achievement of pre-established financial metrics that directly contribute to long-term shareholder value creation. We are committed to aligning the compensation of our NEOs with shareholder value creation. CEO compensation structure should help ensure long-term retention In 2024, we provided the CEO with long-term equity awards, a portion of which has a performance measurement period of three years. Compensation for NEOs should have a total shareholder return component We continue to believe the performance metrics we have chosen for our equity incentives are directly aligned with the creation of shareholder value, and are therefore the most appropriate metrics in the near-term. We have considered the use of relative total shareholder return ("TSR"), but have found that there are too few companies in our direct operating space that present the opportunity for reliable and statistically relevant comparisons of TSR over a three-year period. We intend to continue to review the possibility of adding relative TSR as a metric in coming years, and are receptive to doing so in the event that reliable comparisons are available. At target, and on average, approximately 90% of NEO compensation is settled in shares of stock, implicitly incorporating a TSR component. Disclosure should provide context for why the Company selects particular performance metrics for incentive- based compensation As noted throughout this Proxy Statement, a portion of our NEOs equity incentives are tied to the achievement of the financial and operating metrics that best align with shareholder value creation and we have enhanced disclosure of the metrics. 2021 - 2025 CEO Equity Compensation During the five-year period of 2021 - 2025 , our CEO, Mr. Clarke has been granted long-term equity compensation awards twice, which provided Mr. Clarke's entire long-term incentive opportunity covering the grant years of 2021 through 2025 . We believe that the aggregate grant date fair value has offered a competitive overall long-term award opportunity for these five years, generally commensurate with peer practices. Grants in those years consisted of: In 2021, 850,000 performance-based stock options with stock price hurdles of $350 and $400, with a grant date fair value of $55,556,000; and In 2024, (i) 21,661 performance-based shares with a grant date fair value of $5,900,023, (ii) 6,609 performance-based shares with a grant date fair value of $1,800,159, (iii) 10,831 performance-based shares with a grant date fair value of $2,950,147, and (iv) 21,661 time-based shares with a grant date fair value of $5,900,023. Mr. Clarke received no long-term equity grants in 2022, 2023 or 2025. Meanwhile, the profit performance of the Company since 2021 has increased from Adjusted EPS of $13.21 to Adjusted EPS of $21.38 for 2025 . The aggregate grant date fair value of awards over this five-year period was $72,106,352. This results in a $14,421,270 grant date fair value on an annualized basis, which we view as reasonably consistent with that of a peer CEO. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Forward-Leaning Compensation Practices Corpay has embraced best practices in our compensation programs, which strongly support our pay-for-performance philosophy and culture: NEO compensation aligned with Company and, as applicable, division performance Total target pay levels generally at or below peer median Significant portion of NEO compensation generally delivered in the form of equity-based awards Different performance metrics for different compensation components Incentive payouts tied closely to achieving published guidance Significant stock ownership requirements No repricing or cashing out of underwater stock options or stock appreciation rights No hedging or pledging of common shares No excise tax gross-ups Maintain a compensation clawback policy that exceeds the Dodd-Frank Act requirements by extending to executive misconduct Below-market severance policies Shareholder engagement includes governance committee Chair, compensation committee Chair, additional Board members and management Utilize an independent compensation consultant We structure our executive compensation program to incorporate, on an ongoing basis, sound practices that are favored by shareholders, while avoiding practices that we do not believe are in shareholders best interests. The table below highlights the compensation practices we embrace and those that we do not follow: Things We Do Things We Do Not Do NEO incentive pay is tied to multiple financial performance conditions, and equity-based incentives are denominated in common shares X Directors and executives are prohibited from hedging or pledging common shares Significant portion of target total compensation is delivered in the form of equity awards, which is directly aligned with shareholder value creation X No repricing or cashing out of underwater stock options or stock appreciation rights Significant portion of NEO pay is tied to performance objectives that align with our business strategy X No excise tax gross-ups Compensation committee reserves discretion to reduce Annual Bonus Equity Incentive payouts in light of overall Company performance X No current payment of dividends on unvested equity awards Annual equity run rate and overhang are consistent with typical practices among similarly situated companies NEO incentives are tied to Company-wide initiatives and/or division objectives within such NEO s control Severance benefit levels for executives are below general market practices Maintain a compensation clawback policy that exceeds the Dodd-Frank Act requirements by extending to executive misconduct We monitor and build risk-mitigation features into our compensation programs 28 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents Components of Compensation and Target Direct Compensation Mix The table below sets forth the key elements of our 2025 NEO compensation programs: What We Pay Why We Pay It Key Features Base Salary Attract and retain high-performing executives by providing a secure and appropriate level of base pay Established after consideration of peer practices and internal equity; reviewed annually and subject to adjustment Equity-Based Awards Motivate performance and align a significant portion of NEO compensation with our ongoing success and with shareholder returns Continued utilization of an equity-based annual bonus award, in lieu of a traditional cash bonus NEO equity awards generally granted in performance-based shares, time-based shares and stock options Performance-based equity awards generally only have value to our NEOs to the extent the pre- established corporate and/or business unit goals established by the compensation committee are achieved Stock options only have value to our NEOs if our stock price increases Employee Benefits and Perquisites Attract and retain executive talent Customary retirement and health and welfare benefits to all of our salaried employees, including our NEOs No nonqualified deferred compensation plans or defined benefit pension plans Our mix of compensation elements is designed to reinforce business and strategic objectives, recognize and reward performance, motivate long-term value creation, and align our NEOs interests with those of our shareholders. We generally achieve this through a combination of cash and equity awards. In 2024, we increased the compensation allocation of our NEOs to be more heavily weighted to equity by fully eliminating a traditional cash bonus opportunity and replacing it with a short-term equity award that is generally intended to achieve the same objectives, but also helps align executives interests with long-term shareholder value creation. We continued this practice in 2025. The Company is responsible for allocating capital in a manner that is in the best interest of its shareholders in line with the stated objective of growing Adjusted EPS more than 15% per year over the mid-term. Some portion of this growth is contingent on effective capital allocation in the form of acquisitions and/or share buybacks as a use of our free cash flow. As part of our existing stock repurchase program, the Company has regularly repurchased shares that it viewed as undervalued, and thus would provide a better return to shareholders compared with other alternatives at the time. Also, repurchases are used to offset the dilutive effect of the issuance of shares to executives under equity compensation plans, including the exercise price of options, and the use of shares in acquisitions. The Company aligns its executive compensation arrangements with its overall capital allocation strategy that helps maximize shareholders interests, and share repurchases are accordingly not excluded from our performance metrics. The compensation committee is keenly aware of the Company s stock repurchase approach under outstanding authorizations, and historical stock repurchases when setting performance metrics for executive compensation awards. Because we intend to use free cash for either repurchases or acquisitions, the Board does not exclude repurchases from the final determination of performance achievement. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Target Mix of Compensation The compensation committee strives to achieve an appropriate mix between fixed versus variable pay and cash versus equity- based compensation awards in order to meet our compensation objectives. Our compensation committee does not have a rigid policy for allocating compensation between short- and long-term compensation. We believe the most important indicator of whether our compensation objectives are being met is our ability to motivate our NEOs to deliver superior shareholder return and retain them to continue their careers with us on a cost-effective basis. For NEOs other than the CEO, our compensation committee generally references total target compensation that is generally below the peer median for our NEOs other than the CEO. For our CEO, the compensation committee references cash-based components below the peer median, and annualized equity-based components above the peer median, resulting in total annualized compensation that is generally at or above the peer median. Although the compensation committee includes this market data and its general understanding of current compensation practices in the market in the overall mix of factors it considers in assessing NEO compensation, it does not target a mathematically precise market position for total compensation or any individual element of compensation. The ultimate compensation levels reflect the application of these policies to the varying responsibilities of the NEOs. In a typical year, it is expected that the greater the responsibility of the executive and the greater the potential impact of the executive on the Company s financial performance, the higher the proportion of compensation that can be earned by the executive in the form of performance-based compensation. Our CEO has the greatest responsibility in managing and driving the performance of our Company. He joined our Company in 2000, and has managed our significant growth through a combination of organic initiatives, product and service innovation and acquisitions of businesses and commercial account portfolios, and has overseen the growth of our revenue from $33 million in 2000 to approximately $4.5 billion in 2025 . The charts below illustrate the 2025 total target direct compensation mix for our CEO and our remaining NEOs other than the CEO (on average), consisting of base salary and target equity incentives . We did not offer a traditional cash bonus opportunity in our NEO compensatio n for 2025 . (1) Fully vested one year or less after grant, subject to performance achievement, as applicable. (2) Fully vested more than one year after grant, subject to performance achievement, as applicable. 30 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents Key Elements of 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation Base Salary Base salaries are reviewed annually, taking into account the responsibilities, performance, experience, current salary, and retention incentives, of each NEO, while also considering internal equity and the compensation committee s evaluation of the competitive market. No particular weight is assigned to these facto rs. The t able below illustrates the 2025 base salaries for our NEOs: Name 2024 Base Salary Rate ($) 2025 Base Salary Rate ($) Increase (%) Ronald F. Clarke (1) 1,200,000 1,400,000 17 Peter Walker (2) 600,000 Tom Panther 525,000 525,000 Alissa B. Vickery 300,000 300,000 Armando L. Netto 550,000 550,000 Alan King 450,000 450,000 (1) Mr. Clarke had not received a base salary increase since 2022. (2) As discussed above, Mr. Walker was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective July 15, 2025. Mr. Walker s initial base salary was approved by the compensation committee in connection with the appointment. Equity Incentives We believe that performance-based equity awards are effective tools for meeting our compensation goals because the conditions to vesting motivate the achievement of performance goals and the value of the grants will increase as the value of our stock price increases. We believe that performance-based and time-based equity awards satisfy both the objective of aligning executives' pay outcomes with Company performance, and of aligning executives with long-term shareholder value creation. We believe that stock options are also an effective tool for meeting our compensation goals because NEOs are rewarded only if our stock price increases relative to the stock option s exercise price. To determine the size of each NEO s equity awards, we consider the external market, individual performance history and relative job responsibilities. Our CEO makes equity award grant recommendations for each executive officer, including our NEOs (other than himself). Grant recommendations are presented to the compensation committee for its review and approval. NEO 2025 Equity Awards We granted the equity awards outlined in the table below, based on a targeted grant date fair value, to our participating NEOs in 2025 : Name Performance- Based Equity (Target $ Value) Time- Based Equity (Target $ Value) Stock Options (Target $ Value) Total (Target $ Value) Ronald F. Clarke 2,000,000 2,000,000 Peter Walker (1) 733,333 1,675,000 5,075,360 7,483,693 Alissa B. Vickery 340,000 200,000 540,000 Armando L. Netto 2,150,000 1,193,205 1,200,000 4,543,205 Alan King 1,650,000 400,000 6,400,000 8,450,000 (1) A portion of Mr. Walker s equity awards outli ned in the table represent prorated amounts based on a start date of July 15, 2025, whereas other awards represent certain one-time awards granted in connection with his appointment. Mr. Walker s regular equity awards beginning in 2026 will be comprised of performance-based equity with a $2,000,000 target value, time-based equity with a $600,000 target value and stock options with a $1,200,000 target value . 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Performance-Based Equity We grant performance-based equity to our NEOs that are earned based on performance achievement over either one-year or three-year periods. The timing mix ensures the optimal combination of shorter and longer term performance objectives, while also mitigating the possibility of retention issues if goals become outdated and unachievable soon after they are established due to macroeconomic or other factors. In 2025 , we granted Company Annual Equity Incentives, Annual Bonus Equity Incentives and Long-Term Equity Incentives. Company Annual Equity Incentive A key performance metric for purposes of our NEOs 2025 performance-based compensation was Adjusted EPS, as defined in Appendix A, further adjusted to exclude the impact of (a) the macro-environment (including foreign exchange rates, tax rates, fuel prices, fuel price spreads and interest rate fluctuations), and (b) acquisitions and divestitures. We refer to Adjusted EPS, as so adjusted, as Adjusted EPS-COMP. In 2025 , the compensation committee granted Company Annual Equity Incentives tied to Adjusted EPS-COMP achievement. The NEOs, other than Ms. Vickery, vest in any earned shares on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. Ms. Vickery s award, to the extent earned, is subject to service-based vesting over a two-year period. The compensation co mmittee approved the target Adjusted EPS-C OMP goal of $ 21.07 , an 8% increase from the actual achievement for 2024, with the linea r performance payout scale outlined in the table below : Target Adjusted EPS-COMP ($) Target Achievement Scale (%) Target Payout Scale (%) 20.54 97.5 30 20.86 99.0 60 21.07 100.0 100 21.18 100.5 105 21.28 101.0 110 21.39 101.5 125 The table below summarizes the targeted value and target number of shares of the Company Annual Equity Incentive granted to each participating NEO in 2025 : Name Target Value of Company Annual Equity Incentive ($) Target Number of Shares (1) (#) Ronald F. Clarke Peter Walker 183,333 574 Alissa B. Vickery 250,000 813 Armando L. Netto 400,000 1,061 Alan King 400,000 1,061 (1) For Mr. Walker, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on July 15, 2025 ( $319.61 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For Ms. Vickery, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on April 22, 2025 ( $307.77 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For Messrs. Netto and King, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on February 14, 2025 ( $377.31 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For information concerning Company Annual Equity Incentive performance for 2025 and the resulting payout levels, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Key Elements of 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation 2025 Performance-Based Equity Goals and Payout Results below. 32 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents Annual Bonus Equity Incentive The primary objectives of our Annual Bonus Equity Incentive program are to provide an incentive for superior work, to motivate our NEOs toward higher achievement and business results, to promote retention and to align the goals of our NEOs with the Company s performance. We use Company-wide, individual and business unit performance goals. Individual or business unit performance goals are tied to the particular area of expertise and responsibilities of the NEO and their performance in attaining those objectives. In 2025 , the compensation committee determined the target Annual Bonus Equity Incentive payout levels for the participating NEOs based on a combination of factors, including market practices, each NEO s role and responsibilities, experience and skills, expected contribution to the Company and potential impact of the NEO s performance on revenue and net income growth. In light of a desire to further align executives with the creation of shareholder value, the compensation committee again determined that 100% of the Annual Bonus Equity Incentive target value for each participating NEO would be delivered in the form of equity that for Messrs. Clarke, Netto and King vested on February 14, 2026, and for Ms. Vickery vests on April 22, 2026, in each case, subject to achievement of the applicable performance goals. This short-term equity incentive was provided in lieu of any traditional cash bonus opportunity for 2025 . The compensation committee and the CEO worked together to establish meaningful performance goals for the CEO s Annual Bonus Equity Incentive award at the beginning of the performance period. These goals are intended to align CEO rewards with Company performance. In the event of achievement of maximum results under the applicable performance goals, the CEO s Annual Bonus Equity Incentive has a maximum potential value equal to 200% of target. The table below outlines the performance metrics used for the CEO s Annual Bonus Equity Incentive, which metrics were selected to drive a focus on corporate objectives that are expected to produce an increase in shareholder value: CEO Pay Element Performance Metric Rationale and Key Features Annual Bonus Equity Incentive GAAP Revenue, as Adjusted (34% weight) Revenue growth is critically important to our success given the operating leverage in our business Adjusted EPS-COMP (33% weight) Earnings per share performance aligns with shareholder interests M A and Other Transactions (33% weight) We expect M A and other transactions to continue to contribute to growth The table below summarizes the targeted value and target number of shares of the Annual Bonus Equity Incentive granted to each participating NEO in 2025 : Name Target Value of Annual Bonus Equity Incentive ($) Target Number of Shares (1) (#) Ronald F. Clarke 2,000,000 5,301 Peter Walker (2) Alissa B. Vickery 90,000 293 Armando L. Netto 550,000 1,458 Alan King 450,000 1,193 (1) For Messrs. Clarke, Netto and King, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on February 14, 2025 ( $377.31 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For Ms. Vickery, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on April 22, 2025 ( $307.77 ), rounding up to the next whole share. (2) In lieu of an Annual Bonus Equity Incentive, Mr. Walker received an additional Time-Based Equity award in connection with his hire, as described below. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS For information concerning Annual Bonus Equity Incentive performance metrics used for the other participating NEOs Annual Bonus Equity Incentive and the resulting payout levels for all participating NEOs, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Key Elements of 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation 2025 Performance-Based Equity Goals and Payout Results below. Long-Term Equity Incentive In 2025 , the compensation committee granted Long-Term Equity Incentives to some of the NEOs tied to achievement of corporate or business unit goals. In recognition of shareholder feedback indicating a desire for longer performance measurement periods, the target amounts were allocated 70% to grants subject to one-year performance periods with ratable vesting over a three-year service period, to the extent earned, and 30% to grants subject to three-year performance periods with three-year cliff vesting, to the extent earned. The table below summarizes the targeted value and target number of shares granted to each participating NEO in 2025 for the one-year performance period with ratable vesting over a three-year service period: Name Target Value of 1-Year Long-Term Equity Incentive ($) Target Number of Shares (1) (#) Ronald F. Clarke Peter Walker 385,000 1,205 Alissa B. Vickery Armando L. Netto 840,000 2,227 Alan King 560,000 1,485 (1) For Mr. Walker, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on July 15, 2025 ( $319.61 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For Messrs. Netto and King, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on February 14, 2025 ( $377.31 ), rounding up to the next whole share. The table below summarizes the targeted value and target number of shares granted to each participating NEO in 2025 for the three-year performance period with three-year cliff vesting: Name Target Value of 3-Year Long-Term Equity Incentive ($) Target Number of Shares (1) (#) Ronald F. Clarke Peter Walker 165,000 517 Alissa B. Vickery Armando L. Netto 360,000 955 Alan King 240,000 637 (1) For Mr. Walker, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on July 15, 2025 ( $319.61 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For Messrs. Netto and King, the target number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on February 14, 2025 ( $377.31 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For information concerning Long-Term Equity Incentive performance for 2025 and the resulting payout levels, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Key Elements of 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation 2025 Performance-Based Equity Goals and Payout Results below. 34 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement 05. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents Time-Based Equity In 2025 , the compensation committee granted Time-Based Equity to the participating NEOs as illustrated in the table below. Our compensation committee believes Time-Based Equity provides a retentive element to the compensation of NEOs, while maintaining alignment with the long-term interests of our shareholders by tying the value of the awards to the value of our common shares. Mr. Walker s awards vest (i) ratably over a three-year service period (standard award), (ii) on the one-year anniversary of the grant date (one-time award in connection with appointment), or (iii) on February 14, 2026 (one-time award in connection with appointment). Ms. Vickery s award vested on December 31, 2025. Mr. Netto s awards vest (i) ratably over a three-year service period (standard award) or (ii) on the one-year anniversary of the grant date (relocation tax equalization award). Mr. King s award vests ratably over a three-year service period. All awards generally vest only with continued employment through the vesting period. For more information concerning these awards, see the 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards table below. The table below summarizes the targeted value and number of Time-Based Equity shares granted to each participating NEO in 2025: Name Target Value of Time-Based Equity ($) Number of Shares (1) (#) Ronald F. Clarke Peter Walker 1,675,000 5,242 Alissa B. Vickery 200,000 576 Armando L. Netto 1,193,205 3,299 Alan King 400,000 1,061 (1) For Mr. Walker, the number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value of each award by the closing share price as of the grant date on July 15, 2025 ( $319.61 ), rounding each award up to the next whole share. For Ms. Vickery, the number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on March 17, 2025 ( $347.31 ), rounding up to the next whole share. For Mr. Netto, the number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value of each award by the closing share price as of the grant date on February 14, 2025 ( $377.31 ) and March 17, 2025 ( $347.31 ), rounding each award up to the next whole share. For Mr. King, the number of shares was calculated by dividing the targeted dollar value by the closing share price as of the grant date on February 14, 2025 ( $377.31 ), rounding up to the next whole share. Stock Options In 2025 , the compensation committee granted Stock Options to the participating NEOs as illustrated in the table below. The exercise price for each Stock Option award is the fair market value of our common shares on the grant date (closing stock price). Stock Option awards granted to our NEOs in 2025 generally vest ratably over a four-year service period and are earned with continue d employment through the vesting period. They generally may be exercised up to ten years after the grant date, but generally expir e 90 days after termination of employment. We believe stock option awards are inherently performance- based, requiring stock price appreciation before there is any real value earned, while encouraging long-term employment with the Company. Additionally, in 2025 , Mr. Walker and Mr. King received performance-based Stock Options awards with certain three-year performance period goals. Mr. Walker s three-year period covers 2026 to 2028 and Mr. King s three-year period covers 2025 to 2027. To the extent earned, these awards cliff vest shortly after the end of the three-year performance period. 