=== CPAY_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks applicable to us. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this report. Risks related to information technology and security We are dependent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of interconnected computer systems, telecommunications, data centers and call centers, including technology and network systems managed by multiple third parties, which could result in our inability to prevent disruptions in our services. Our ability to provide reliable service to customers, cardholders and other network participants depends upon uninterrupted operation of our data centers and call centers as well as third-party labor and services providers. Incidents affecting these third parties, including disruptions, system outages, technology failures or vulnerabilities, capacity constraints, insolvency, or other cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our services and extend recovery times beyond our control. Our business involves processing large numbers of transactions, the movement of large sums of money and the management of large amounts of data. We rely on the ability of our employees, contractors, suppliers, systems and processes to complete these transactions in a secure, uninterrupted and error-free manner. Our subsidiaries operate in various countries and country-specific factors, such as power availability, telecommunications carrier redundancy, embargoes and regulations can adversely impact our information processing by, or for, our local subsidiaries. We engage backup facilities for each of our processing centers for key systems and data. However, there could be material delays in fully activating backup facilities depending on the nature of the breakdown, security breach, cyberattack or catastrophic event (such as fire, explosion, flood, pandemic, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure or physical break-in). Although, we have controls and documented measures to mitigate these risks, these mitigating controls might not reduce the duration, scope or severity of an outage in time to avoid adverse effects. Disruptions could result in transaction delays or failure, financial losses, contractual penalties, regulatory scrutiny and damage to our reputation. In addition, evolving regulatory frameworks focused on operational resilience and incident reporting may increase our obligations and potential exposure arising from such events. We may experience cybersecurity incidents, software defects, system errors, outages and development delays, which could damage customer relationships, decrease our profitability and expose us to liability. Our business depends heavily on the reliability, availability and security of proprietary and third-party processing systems and cloud infrastructure. A system outage could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, including by damaging our reputation or exposing us to third-party liability. To successfully operate our business, we must be able to protect our processing and other systems from interruption, including from events that may be beyond our control. Events that could cause system interruptions include, but are not limited to, fire, natural disaster, unauthorized entry, power loss, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, technology failures, software or other vulnerabilities, terrorist acts and war. Although we have taken steps to protect against data loss and system failures, there is still risk that we may lose critical data or experience system failures, and that our controls may not be effective in all circumstances. Our solutions are based on sophisticated software and computing systems that are constantly evolving. We often encounter delays and cost overruns in developing changes implemented to our systems. In addition, the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. Defects in our software products and errors or delays in our processing of electronic transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation or exposure to liability claims. In addition, we rely on technologies supplied to us by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, vulnerabilities or defects that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability for warranty claims through disclaimers in our software documentation and limitation of liability provisions in our licenses and other agreements with our customers, we cannot assure that these measures will be successful in limiting our liability or covering all losses. We also operate in an evolving regulatory environment for cybersecurity and data privacy. New or expanded disclosure or notification obligations could increase our compliance costs and exposure to enforcement or litigation following an incident. We may not be able to adequately protect our systems or the data we collect from continually evolving cybersecurity and data-protection risks, which could subject us to liability and damage our reputation. We electronically receive, process, store and transmit data and sensitive information about our customers and merchants, including bank account information, social security numbers, expense data and credit card, debit card and checking account numbers. We endeavor to keep this information confidential; however, our websites, networks, information systems, services and technologies may be targeted for sabotage, disruption or misappropriation. The uninterrupted operation of our information 18 Table of Contents systems and our ability to maintain the confidentiality of the customer and consumer information that resides on our systems are critical to the successful operation of our business. Unauthorized access to our networks and computer systems could result in the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our service and operations. We are not aware of any recent m aterial breach of our or our associated third parties’ computer systems, although we and others in our industry are regularly the subject of attempts by bad actors to gain unauthorized access to these computer systems and data or to obtain, change or destroy confidential data (including personal consumer information of individuals) through a variety of means. Because techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to our systems and the data we collect change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, especially considering heightened threats and risks associated with artificial intelligence and other technologies, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. An incident may not be detected until well after it occurs and the severity and potential impact may not be fully known for a substantial period of time after it has been discovered. Our ability to address incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties’ systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Computer viruses can be distributed and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. In addition, denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. Although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to prevent disruption and misappropriation and to respond to such attacks, any inability to prevent security breaches could have a negative impact on our reputation, expose us to liability, decrease market acceptance of electronic transactions and cause our present and potential clients to choose another service provider. In addition, the risk of cyber-attacks has increased in connection with the military and geopolitical conflicts around the world, including between Russia and Ukraine and within the Middle East. In light of those and other geopolitical events, nation-state actors or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. Nation-state actors have in the past carried out, and may in the future carry out, cyber- attacks to achieve their aims and goals, which may include espionage, information operations, monetary gain, ransomware, disruption and destruction. We could also be subject to liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information, such as unauthorized marketing purposes and violation of data privacy laws. For example, we are subject to a variety of U.S. and international statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to the direct email marketing and text-messaging industries. If we were ever found to be in violation, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. We cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy that we impose on our service providers who have access to customer and consumer data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of data. In addition, we have agreed in certain agreements to take certain protective measures to ensure the confidentiality of customer data. The costs of systems and procedures associated with such protective measures, as well as the cost of deploying additional personnel, training our employees and hiring outside experts, may increase and could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Any failure to adequately enforce or provide these protective measures could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation, governmental and card network intervention and fines, remediation costs and with respect to misuse of personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm. While we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses above a certain financial retention level, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and such insurance may not be available for renewal on acceptable terms or at all, and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. In addition, under payment network rules, regulatory requirements and related obligations, we may be responsible for the acts or failures to act of certain third parties, such as third-party service providers, vendors, partners and others, which we refer to collectively as associated participants. The failure of our associated participants to safeguard cardholder data and other information in accordance with such rules, requirements and obligations could result in significant fines and sanctions and could harm our reputation and deter existing and prospective customers from using our services. We cannot assure you that there are written agreements in place with every associated participant or that such written agreements will ensure the adequate safeguarding of such data or information or allow us to seek reimbursement from associated participants. Any such unauthorized use or disclosure of data or information also could result in litigation that could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Risks related to our business and operations If we fail to develop and implement new technology, products and services, adapt our products and services to changes in technology, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology, products and services are not successful, we could lose customers and partners. The markets for our solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services, evolving industry standards and evolving customer needs. We must respond to the technological advances offered by our competitors, including the use of artificial intelligence and the requirements of regulators and our customers and partners, in order to maintain and improve upon our competitive position and fulfill contractual obligations. We may be unsuccessful in expanding our technological capabilities and developing, marketing, selling or encouraging adoption of new or enhanced products and services that meet these changing demands, which could jeopardize our competitive position. Similarly, if new technologies are developed that displace our offerings for use by businesses, we may be unsuccessful in adequately responding to customer practices and our transaction volume may decline. In addition, we regularly engage in significant efforts to upgrade our products, services and underlying technology, which may or may not be successful in achieving market acceptance or their intended purposes, and may require more time or investment than planned. Artificial intelligence technologies, including machine learning and generative AI, are being rapidly adopted across the payments and enterprise software industries to improve automation, analytics, fraud detection, customer support and decision- making. Our competitors, customers and partners may increasingly expect AI-enabled functionality and efficiencies in the solutions they purchase and use. If we do not identify, develop, license, acquire and integrate AI technologies into our products and operations on a timely basis, or if we are unable to obtain the data, computing resources or specialized personnel needed to do so cost-effectively, our products and services may become less competitive, we may experience slower growth, reduced transaction volumes, loss of customers or partners, and pressure on margins. In addition, AI-enabled products offered by competitors or third parties could disintermediate aspects of our offerings or reduce demand for certain of our solutions. The solutions we deliver are designed to process complex transactions and provide reports and other information on those transactions, all at high volumes and processing speeds. New or enhanced offerings can present performance, scalability or interoperability challenges, and any failure to deliver effective and secure products or services, or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service, could result in significant processing or reporting errors, customer dissatisfaction or other losses. We may rely on third parties to develop or co-develop solutions or to incorporate our solutions into broader platforms for commercial payments and adjacent use cases. We may not be able to enter into such relationships on attractive terms, or at all, and these relationships may not be successful. In addition, partners, some of whom may be our competitors or potential competitors, may choose to develop competing solutions on their own or with third parties. In order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, mobile payment applications, e-commerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry, including with respect to domestic and international corporate payments, and EVs. These projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. Additionally, we may be unable to attract, develop and retain personnel with the skills necessary to execute our strategy in key locations and at the pace required. Any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete. We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. The market for our solutions is highly competitive, and competition could intensify in the future. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the products and services they offer. Our primary competitors in the Vehicle Payments solutions are small regional and large independent fleet card providers (some providing vouchers for food, fuel, tolls and transportation), major oil companies and petroleum marketers that issue their own fleet cards, banks and major financial services companies that provide card services to major oil companies and petroleum marketers. Corporate Payments solutions face a variety of competitors, some of which have greater financial resources, name recognition and scope and breadth of products and services. Moreover, certain Corporate Payments competitors are able to operationalize and scale certain decentralized payment technologies quicker like cryptocurrencies. Competitors in the Lodging Payments solutions include travel agencies, online lodging discounters, internal corporate procurement and travel resources and independent lodging and services providers. The most significant competitive factors in our business are the breadth of product and service features, network acceptance size, customer service, payment terms, account management, and price. We may experience competitive disadvantages with respect to any of these factors from time to time as potential customers prioritize or value these competitive factors differently. As a result, a specific offering of our features, networks and pricing may serve as a competitive advantage with respect to one customer and a disadvantage for another based on the customers’ preferences. Some of our existing and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand name recognition, larger customer bases, more extensive customer relationships or greater financial and technical resources than we do. In addition, our larger competitors may have greater resources than we do to devote to the promotion and sale of their products and services and to pursue acquisitions. Many of our competitors provide additional and unrelated products and services to customers, such as treasury management, commercial lending and credit card processing, which allow them to bundle their products and services 20 Table of Contents together and present them to existing customers with whom they have established relationships, sometimes at a discount. If price competition continues to intensify, we may have to increase the incentives that we offer to our customers, decrease the prices of our solutions or lose customers, each of which could adversely affect our operating results. In Vehicle Payments solutions, major oil companies, petroleum marketers and large financial institutions may choose to integrate fuel card services as a complement to their existing or complementary card products and services to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies, such as EVs, and changing opportunities, standards or customer requirements. To the extent that our competitors are regarded as leaders in specific categories, they may have an advantage over us as we attempt to further penetrate these categories. Overall, increased competition and services in our markets could result in intensified pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and a failure to increase, or a loss of, market share. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against our current or future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Adverse effects on demand for our business-related products and services, from unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, weather conditions, natural catastrophes or public health crises or from changes to business purchasing practices, could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Adverse macroeconomic conditions within the U.S. or internationally, including but not limited to recessions or economic downturns, inflation, rising or volatile interest rates, deteriorating credit conditions, labor shortages and disputes, high unemployment, currency fluctuations, actual or anticipated large-scale defaults or failures, terrorist attacks, prolonged or recurring government shutdowns, regional or domestic hostilities, and economic sanctions and export controls (including tariffs), as well as the prospect or occurrence of more widespread conflicts, rising energy prices, a slowdown of global trade, and reduced consumer, small business, government and corporate spending, have a direct impact on the demand for our business-related products, including fuel, lodging and payment services. Similarly, prolonged adverse weather events, travel bans as a result of medical quarantine, geopolitical conflicts or in response to natural catastrophes, especially those that impact regions in which we process a large number and amount of payment transactions, could adversely affect our transaction volumes. While our lodging solutions generally benefit from weather-related events, disasters or catastrophic events in the future, including the impact of such events on certain industries or the overall economy, could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and infrastructure, including our technology and systems. Climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events and subsequent physical disruptions to supply chains. Likewise, recent political, investor and industry focus on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues, as well as energy-transition dynamics and policies affecting fossil fuel demand, may adversely affect the volume of transactions or business operations of the oil companies, merchants and truck stop owners with whom we maintain strategic relationships, which could adversely impact our business. In addition, our transaction volume mix could be adversely affected if businesses do not continue to use our offerings or they change and/or fail to increase their use of our offerings as a payment mechanism for their transactions. If we fail to adequately assess and monitor credit risks or fraud of or by, our customers or third parties, we could experience an increase in credit loss. We are subject to the credit risk of our customers which range in size from small sole proprietorships to large publicly traded companies. We use various methods to screen potential customers and establish appropriate credit limits, but these methods cannot eliminate all potential credit risks and may not always prevent us from approving customer applications that are not credit-worthy or are fraudulently completed. Changes in our industry, customer demand and, in relation to our fuel customers, movement in fuel prices may result in periodic increases to customer credit limits and spending and, as a result, could lead to increased credit losses. We may also fail to detect changes to the credit risk of customers over time. Further, during a declining economic environment, we may experience increased customer defaults and preference claims by bankrupt customers. Additionally, the counterparties to the derivative financial instruments that we use in our cross-border solution to reduce our exposure to various market risks, including changes in foreign exchange rates, may fail to honor their obligations, which could expose us to risks we had sought to mitigate. This risk includes the exposure generated when we write derivative contracts to our customers as part of our cross-border solution, and we typically hedge the net exposure through offsetting contracts with established financial institution counterparties. If a customer or financial institution counterparty becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits fraud or otherwise fails to pay us, we may be exposed to the value of one or more relevant offsetting positions or may bear financial risk for those receivables where we have offered trade credit. If we fail to adequately manage our credit risks or monitor for fraud, our bad debt expense could be significantly higher than historic levels and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. As a result of being subject to the Federal Reserve Board's and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's (FDIC's) rules on qualified financial contracts (QFCs) and similar rules in other jurisdictions, we may not be able to exercise remedies against counterparties and, as this regime has not yet been tested, we may suffer risks or losses that we would not have expected to suffer if we could immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. The International Swaps and Derivatives 21 Table of Contents Association (ISDA) Protocols and these rules and regulations extend to repurchase agreements and other instruments that are not derivative contracts. If one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their financial or performance obligations to us or fail, we may incur significant losses. We have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents, receivables outstanding and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the U.S. and international jurisdictions. Among other services, certain banks and other financial institutions are lenders under our credit facilities, hold customer deposits for customers funds payable on demand and hold cash collateral received from customers for derivative transactions as part of our cross-border solution. We regularly monitor our concentration of, and exposure to, counterparty risk and actively manage this exposure to mitigate the associated risk. Despite these efforts, we may be exposed to the risk of default on obligations by, or deteriorating operating results or financial condition or failure of, these counterparty financial institutions. If one of our counterparty financial institutions were to become insolvent, placed into receivership, or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to access or recover our assets that are deposited, held in accounts with, or otherwise due from, such counterparty may be limited due to the insufficiency of the failed institutions’ estate to satisfy all claims in full or the applicable laws or regulations governing the insolvency, bankruptcy, or resolution proceedings. We could also face liquidity constraints if we are unable to timely transfer or access funds, securities or collateral. In the event of default on obligations by, or the failure of, one or more of these counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical risks We have foreign operations in, or provide services for customers in more than 200 countries throughout North America, South America, Europe, Africa and Asia. We also expect to seek to expand our operations into various additional countries in Asia, Europe and Latin America as part of our growth strategy. Some of the countries where we operate, and other countries where we will seek to operate, have undergone significant political, economic and social change and events (such as the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East) in recent years, including the U.S. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, including with respect to payment service providers, taxation, tariffs, information technology, data transmission and revenues from non-U.S. operations, or in the interpretation of such existing laws or regulations, whether caused by a change in government or otherwise, could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. We are actively monitoring the changes and events and assessing the impact on our business. The extent, severity, duration and outcome of market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. Responses by countries , such as sanctions, export controls and tariffs, will adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or otherwise aggravate the other risk factors that we identify herein. We cannot predict the scope of macroeconomic factors because these measures are complex and evolving, and may require rapid changes to our products, services or customer onboarding and screening processes. Our efforts to comply with changes may be costly and time consuming and will divert the attention of management. Any alleged or actual failure to comply with these measures may subject us to government scrutiny, civil or criminal proceedings, sanctions and other liabilities, which may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continue to refine our business continuity

=== CPAY_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk factors" to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. 45 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Securities The Company announced on February 4, 2016 that its Board approved a stock repurchase program (as updated from time to time, the "Program") author izing the Company to repurchase its common stock from time to time until December 31, 2026. Since the beginning of the Program through March 31, 2026, 38,044,347 shares have been repurchased for an a ggregate purchase price of $9.4 billion, leaving the Company up to $0.7 billion of remaining authorization available under the Program for future repurchases of shares of its common stock as of March 31, 2026 . On April 23, 2026, the Board authorized an increase to the aggregate size of the Program by $1.0 billion to $11.1 billion. The following table presents information as of March 31, 2026, with respect to purchases of common stock of the Company made during the three months ended March 31, 2026 by the Company as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of the Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Value that May Yet be Purchased Under the Publicly Announced Plan (in thousands) January 1, 2026 through January 31, 2026 72,821 $ 301.75 72,821 February 1, 2026 through February 28, 2026 1,167,919 $ 335.01 1,167,919 March 1, 2026 through March 31, 2026 1,144,260 $ 325.75 1,144,260 $ 707,016 Total 2,385,000 $ 329.55 2,385,000 1 During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, pursuant to our Stock Incentive Plan, we withheld 38,726 shares, at an average price per share of $334.32, in order to satisfy employees' tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of awards of restricted stock. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, no director or executive officer of the Company adopted , modified or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.” 46 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc., now known as Corpay, Inc., conformed to reflect amendments through June 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-35004, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023) 3. 2 Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging CPAY Merger Sub, Inc. into FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. effective on March 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-35004, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024) 3.3 Corpay, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective as of March 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-35004, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024) 31.1 * Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 31.2 * Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 32.1 * Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 * Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101* The following financial information for the Registrant formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) *Filed Herein 47 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in their capacities indicated on May 8, 2026. Corpay, Inc. (Registrant) Signature Title /s/ Ronald F. Clarke President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) Ronald F. Clarke /s/ Peter Walker Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Peter Walker 48 