=== CPAY_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, many of which are outside of our control, that could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: risks related to our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan, manage our growth and achieve our performance targets; the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including any recession or economic downturn that has occurred or may occur in the future, and whether expected trends, including fluctuations in retail fuel prices and fuel price spreads, fuel transaction patterns, electric vehicle adoption, retail lodging prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates develop as anticipated, and whether we are able to develop and implement successful strategies in light of these trends; our ability to attract new and retain existing partners, fuel merchants, and lodging providers, their promotion and support of our products, and their financial performance; our ability to successfully manage the derivative financial instruments that we use in our cross-border solutions to manage our exposure to various market risks, including changes in foreign exchange rates; the failure of management assumptions and estimates, as well as differences in, and changes to, economic, market, interest rate, interchange fees, foreign exchange rates, and credit conditions, including changes in borrowers credit risks and payment behaviors; the risk of higher borrowing costs and adverse financial market conditions impacting our funding and liquidity, and any reduction in our credit ratings; our ability to successfully manage our credit risks and the sufficiency of our allowance for expected credit losses; our ability to securitize our trade receivables; the occurrence of fraudulent activity, data breaches or failures of information security controls, or other technology or cybersecurity-related incidents that may compromise our systems or customers information; any disruptions in the operations of our computer systems and data centers; the operational and political risks and compliance and regulatory risks and costs associated with international operations; the impact of international conflicts, including between Russia and Ukraine, as well as within the Middle East, on the global economy or our business and operations; the impact of changes in global tariff and trade policies and potential retaliatory actions by affected countries; our ability to develop and implement new technology, products and services; any alleged infringement of intellectual property rights of others and our ability to protect our intellectual property; the regulation, supervision and examination of our business by foreign and domestic governmental authorities, as well as litigation and regulatory actions, including the lawsuit filed by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC); the impact of regulations and related requirements relating to privacy, information security and data protection; derivative and hedging activities; use of third-party vendors and other third-party business relationships; and failure to comply with anti-money laundering (AML) and anti-terrorism financing laws; changes in our senior management team and our ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel consistent with our strategic plan; tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions and/or interpretations, and state sales tax rules and regulations; the risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, such as our recent acquisition of a partnership interest in AvidXchange and the acquisition of Alpha, including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such transactions; our ability to remediate material weaknesses and the ongoing effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and the other factors and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings that we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act and Securities Act. See Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of such statements to reflect future events or developments. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Introduction Corpay, Inc. (the "Company") is a global corporate payments company that helps businesses and consumers better manage and pay their expenses in a simple, controlled manner. Corpay provides a broad suite of payment and spend management solutions, including accounts payable (AP) automation and cross-border payment solutions (including foreign exchange spot, forward and option transactions), commercial card programs (e.g., purchasing cards, business cards and virtual cards), vehicle payment solutions (e.g., fuel cards, toll payments and related services) and lodging payment solutions (e.g., hotel and extended stay bookings). Since its incorporation in 2000, Corpay has delivered payment and spend solutions with customized controls and robust capabilities that offer our customers a better way to pay. This results in our customers saving time and ultimately spending less. Corpay has been a member of the S P 500 since 2018 and trades on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the ticker CPAY. We estimat e that businesses spend approximately $145 trillion annually in transactions with other businesses. In many instances, businesses lack the proper tools to monitor what is being purchased and employ manual, paper-based, disparate processes and methods to both approve and make payments for their business-to-business purchases. This often results in wasted time and money due to unnecessary or unauthorized spending, fraud, receipt collection, data input and consolidation errors, inaccurate reimbursement processing, account reconciliation errors, employee misuse and more. Digital payments are faster and more secure than paper-based methods such as checks, provide timely and detailed data that can be utilized to effectively reduce unauthorized purchases and fraud, automate data entry and reporting and eliminate reimbursement mistakes. Combining this payment data with analytical tools delivers powerful insights, which managers can use to better run their businesses. Corpay s vision is that every payment is digital, every purchase is controlled and every related decision is informed. Our wide range of modern, digitized solutions provide control, reporting and automation benefits superior to many of the payment methods businesses often use such as cash, paper checks, general purpose credit cards, as well as employee payment processes. In addition to delivering meaningful value to our customers, our solutions also share several important and attractive business model characteristics including: the majority of revenue is derived from business customers, which tend to have relatively predictable, consistent volumes; recurring revenue models that are volume-driven, resulting in predictable revenue; unique selling systems with common sales approaches, management and reporting; specialized technology platforms and proprietary payment acceptance networks, which we believe create competitive advantages and barriers to entry; and attractive EBITDA margins and strong cash flow conversion with relatively limited incremental infrastructure investment requirements. We actively market and sell to current and prospective customers using a multi-channel, go-to-market strategy, which includes comprehensive digital channels, direct sales forces and strategic partner relationships. We sell stand-alone products and services and are currently deploying platforms where a single customer can use multiple products from one user interface. We compete with financial institutions that provide general purpose commercial card, accounts payable and cross-border payment products, as well as specialized providers offering more targeted solutions; and also with traditional payment methods such as cash, checks and manual processes. We supplement our organic growth strategy and sales efforts by pursuing attractive acquisition opportunities, which serve to strengthen and extend our market positions and create value faster. With a long, proven operating history, Corpay facilitates payments to or on behalf of millions of businesses around the world through multiple modalities. Corpay has the following reportable segments: Corporate Payments, Vehicle Payments, Lodging Payments and Other. These segments reflect how we organize and manage our global employee base, manage operating performance and execute on strategic initiatives. Our Corporate Payments solutions simplify and automate vendor payments and include AP automation, virtual cards, cross-border payments and purchasing and travel and entertainment ("T E") card products. Our Vehicle Payments solutions help control and monitor spending and include fuel card offerings, tolls and other complementary products. Our Lodging Payments solutions help businesses manage their lodging costs, while simplifying the management of hotels and housing, both short and longer-term, while also providing traveler and end customer support. Corporate Payments Our Corporate Payments solutions help businesses streamline the management, processing and payment of their domestic and international invoices and make point-of-sale purchases for their employees. Companies can save time, reduce costs and 5 Table of Contents manage business-to-business (B2B) payment processing more efficiently with our suite of Corporate Payment solutions, including cross-border payments, spend management solutions, AP automation, virtual cards and purchasing and T E cards. Cross-Bord er Payments Our cross-border solution is used by our customers to pay international vendors, foreign office and personnel expenses and for profit repatriation and dividends via foreign current transactions structured with foreign currency spot trades, forward contracts and option contracts. We may use our own proprietary network, SWIFT international payments network, and even stablecoins, to move liquidity around the world. We also offer hedging and risk management services to customers, which helps them manage foreign exchange rate exposures in the course of doing business internationally. This solution may be sold in conjunction with our AP automation and virtual card solutions. Trade settlement and payment delivery is facilitated through a global network of correspondent banks, in-country payment gateways and technology providers, enabling us to send payments to recipients in close to 200 countries and 145 currencies. Our customers rely on us to deliver personalized service and customer solutions. We offer a proprietary trading and payments platform that we can "white label" for financial institutions looking to expand their cross-border payment capability, as well as a suite of API products that enables us to embed our full capability directly within the technology of both customers and partners. By utilizing transaction monitoring and "watch list" screening systems, we ensure payments are safe, secure and meet all applicable regulatory requirements. We also offer multi-currency bank accounts to our corporate and financial institutions customers and alternative bank account solutions tailored to the alternative investment industry (private equity, real estate, hedge funds) to handle complex, high- volume, and cross-border transactions. These solutions are designed to give customers the ability to hold and manage funds in multiple currencies across different countries, with local accounts in different jurisdictions. Spend Management Our spend management solution provides customers with a unified platform to control, analyze and optimize employee-driven spend across the organization. By combining real-time transaction data from virtual cards, purchasing cards and T E cards into a single system, Corpay delivers comprehensive visibility into corporate spend by vendor, category, cost center and geography. This transparency enables finance leaders to identify savings opportunities, reduce maverick spend, and make more informed budgeting and forecasting decisions. The platform includes integrated expense management capabilities that automate expense capture, including mobile and digital receipt capture, approval workflows and reconciliation. Transactions flow directly from the point of purchase into configurable workflows, reducing manual processes, improving data accuracy and accelerating financial close cycles. Seamless integration with leading ERP and accounting systems enables automated coding, posting and reporting. Corpay s spend management solution also incorporates advanced analytics, including artificial intelligence (AI) enabled capabilities, to enhance spend oversight and decision-making. These capabilities help automatically categorize spend, identify anomalies and surface actionable insights related to policy compliance, potential fraud and optimization opportunities, enabling customers to proactively manage spend and strengthen financial controls. AP Modernization We offer invoice and payments automation solutions with options that are purpose-built for the simplest small business to the most complex large enterprise. We initiate, manage and guarantee payment of all company-approved bills to all domestic and international vendors through whichever payment modalities the vendors allow, such as virtual card, automated clearing house (ACH), wire or check. Our mid-market/enterprise solution meets the needs of the most complex global enterprises with multiple organizational hierarchies, approval workflows, locations, bank accounts, robust on-demand reporting and seamless integration with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems. We also provide rich data on the remittance to the vendor, regardless of payment modality, which facilitates invoice reconciliations and payment posting. By automating the process of paying vendors, businesses of all sizes can reduce the time, costs and fraud risks associated with their payment processes and focus on operating their businesses. Virtual Card Our virtual card solution provides a single-use card number for a specific amount, usable within a defined timeframe. Virtual cards provide enhanced security relative to checks while reducing total payment costs for our customers. Full remittance data accompanies each virtual card payment, providing significant reconciliation advantages to ACH and check payments. We have integrated our virtual card offering into most leading enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, providing a seamless experience for our customer's accounts payable personnel. We have built a proprietary merchant acceptance network that accepts our virtual card payments. Our merchant acceptance network is unique due to the nature of commercial virtual card acceptance. Unlike standard point-of-sale purchases, each issuer negotiates directly with the merchant for acceptance, so other issuers virtual cards are not interchangeable. This network is managed with proprietary technology that allows us to continuously expand virtual card acceptance and optimize the amount of spend we can capture. The scale of this network, coupled with an in-house vendor enrollment service, is a competitive advantage. Our ERP integrations, API capabilities, strategic vendor enrollment and transaction management tools enable us to optimize our customers electronic payables programs. Our virtual card solution operates on the Mastercard network. Our customers ERP systems are directly integrated with our issuing system, and merchants must be enrolled in our proprietary vendor network to accept our virtual card solution. This two- sided transaction, where both payor and receiver are in our network, provides substantial payment security relative to paper checks or ACH. 6 Table of Contents Purchasing and T E Cards Our purchasing and travel entertainment (T E) card solutions enable secure, controlled payment for employee-driven operational and travel-related expenses while also delivering meaningful financial benefits to our customers. These card programs are designed to replace manual reimbursement and purchase order processes with streamlined, auditable card transactions that improve efficiency, enhance visibility and reduce administrative burden. Customers benefit from robust, real-time spend controls that extend beyond traditional card limits. Administrators can configure policies by employee, role, department, location or project, and enforce merchant category restrictions, transaction and daily limits, time-based usage rules and approval thresholds. These controls help prevent out-of-policy spend before it occurs, reduce fraud risk and ensure compliance with internal policies. In addition to operational efficiency, Corpay s purchasing and T E cards provide access to flexible credit lines and rebate opportunities that can improve cash flow and reduce net spending costs. Customers can leverage card-based credit to better align cash outflows with business cycles, while rebate programs allow them to earn returns on eligible spend. When deployed alongside our AP automation and virtual card solutions, purchasing and T E cards enable customers to optimize payment modality by spend type and supplier, increasing electronic payment adoption and strengthening overall spend governance. Vehicle Payments Our Vehicle Payments solutions are purpose-built to enable our customers to pay for vehicle related expenses. For our business customers, we also provide greater control and visibility of spending when compared with less specialized payment methods, such as cash or general-purpose credit cards. Our digital enabled solutions provide customers with significant control capabilities such as, customizable user-level controls, programmable alerts and detailed transaction reporting. Furthermore, our business customers can use the data, controls and tools to combat employee misuse and fraud, streamline expense administration and potentially lower their operating costs, accessible through sophisticated web portals and mobile applications. For our consumer customers, our Vehicle Payments solutions provide seamless, mobile first digital experiences when paying for certain vehicle related expenses, removing the friction associated with alternative payment methods and having to use multiple service providers. We utilize both proprietary and third-party payment acceptance networks to deliver our Vehicle Payments solutions. In our proprietary networks, which tend to be geographically distinct and unique to the markets we serve, transactions are processed on applications and operating systems owned and operated by us, and only at select participating merchants with whom we have contracted directly for acceptance. These proprietary networks generally provide us with better economics, as we control more of the transaction, and pass- through richer data because of how the networks and point-of-sale software are configured. Third-party networks are operated by independent parties, such as MasterCard and VISA, and tend to be more broadly accepted, which is the primary benefit compared with our proprietary networks, although merchant economics tend to be inferior. Our Vehicle Payments solutions are subject to seasonal fluctuations during the first and fourth quarter each year due to the weather, holidays in the U.S. and lower business levels in Brazil due to summer break and the Carnival celebration. Fuel Our fuel solutions are used by customers to pay and control spending for fuel for vehicles and fleets. Our fuel solutions are fuel type agnostic (fossil fuel, electricity, etc.). We offer fuel solutions primarily to businesses and public sector entities who operate vehicle fleets, and, in some cases, to consumers in Brazil, Mexico and Europe. At the most basic level, we provide the measurement of fuel used and facilitate the payment for that fuel to the merchant, whether that fuel be diesel, gasoline, compressed natural gas or electricity, while also providing online control, reporting and tracking capabilities to fleet operators. In many cases we can also deliver fuel price savings to our business customers when compared to the retail price of fuel. In the U.K. and Europe, we also enable fleets to significantly streamline the VAT reclaim process by digitizing and itemizing fuel receipts in a way that is compliant with tax authority requirements. The measurement, control and payment needs of our customers operating electric vehicles (EV) are similar to those operating traditional, internal combustion vehicles, just centered around electricity usage instead of gas or diesel usage. As we help our customers manage through the transition to EVs, many will operate "mixed" fleets (i.e., fleets with a combination of internal combustion vehicles and EVs) for a long period of time and will need access to all types of fueling, including networks of fuel stations, electric charging stations both on the road and at the office and at-home charging options. Considering the increased complexity of managing a mixed or an all EV fleet, our product sets are positioned to remain valuable and capture transaction economics, regardless of the vehicle type or propulsion method. We have also enhanced our customer platforms and reporting capabilities to ensure a fully integrated mixed fleet experience for our customers, so they can capture and review all the relevant fleet insights in one place, eliminating the need to select alternative providers for different fuel types or manage disparate systems. Many of our solutions also have additional capabilities. For example, we can enable the fuel card to allow customers to purchase a limited set of non-fuel items, such as oil, tolls, parking and vehicle maintenance supplies and book and pay for vehicle maintenance. Our proprietary EV networks in the U.K. and western Europe, combined with our Mastercard network in the U.S., offer access to hundreds of thousands of charge points and the management of at-home charging, while also delivering additional value-added services through a mobile app, including the ability to locate and route to a charge-point, charge-point recharging speed, pricing and availability. Our EV home-charging software solution is aimed at fleets that need to accurately reimburse drivers for charging that takes place at home for business purposes, capturing, measuring and accurately pricing 7 Table of Contents relevant charging sessions and is directly integrated with energy companies to facilitate direct payment, thus bypassing the home energy account. We are actively expanding our EV footprint to accommodate charging in the U.S., U.K. and Europe. We also provide program management services to major oil companies, leasing companies and fuel marketers, which allow these partners to outsource the sales, marketing, credit, service and system operations of their branded fuel card portfolios. Our fuel partners include Arco, Speedway, Casey's and fuel marketers of all sizes. On the EV side, we also provide similar modular solutions to vehicle Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and vehicle leasing specialists who wish to distribute on-road EV charging solutions to consumers buying an EV. We would typically either white-label our charging app or integrate directly via application programming interface (API) with vehicle OEMs to deliver access to our products. Our vehicle OEM partners include Renault, NIO, Polestar and Jaguar-Land Rover and our vehicle leasing partners include Ayvens and Arval. Tolls Parking Operated primarily in Brazil, we are a leading electronic toll payments provider to businesses and consumers in the form of radio frequency identification (RFID) tags affixed to vehicle windshiel ds. Our tolls solution primarily operates on our proprietary Sem Parar TM network, which processes transacti ons for more than 7.5 million tagholders on 100% of the toll roads that accept RFID across Brazil. We provide convenience and faster travel for customers, while also reducing manual labor and cash handling at merchants toll booths. Our tolls solution also provides commercial customers with driver routing controls and fare auditing, mostly in the form of vehicle type and axle count configuration. Our tags may also be used at approximate ly 8,300 participating merchant l ocations to purch ase goods and services while in the vehicle, such as parking, fuel, car washes and meals at drive-through restaurants. At merchant locations, payment via electronic tags is faster, safer and more secure for customers, which in turn increases loyalty and throughput for merchants and eliminates the handling of cash. Our customers may also use the Sem Parar super app with more than 30 different vehicle-related features, including vehicle registration payments, car pricing comparison, off-site parking and EV charging among other features with over four million quarterly active users. Vehicle Compliance Our apps for mobile devices in Brazil allow millions of drivers to pay for vehicle taxes, vehicle registration and parking and fines instantly. These solutions help drivers manage and monitor their vehicle's and license's compliance by leveraging technology and data in consolidated and efficient platforms. We are connected with 100% of Brazil's State Department of Motor Vehicles, providing convenience and a fluid experience for drivers. We offer services using the Sem Parar TM super app and through standalone apps, which have over 4 million active users combined. Auto Insurance and Road Assistance We offer a variety of auto insurance and roadside assistance services to our customer base through a physical sales channel with more than four million policies issued so far. Services are rendered in partnership with major insurance companies including Metlife, Inc., Suhai Suguradora and others, which hold the underwriting risks to our customers. Fleet Maintenance We provide a SaaS-based vehicle management solution that helps major leasing companies, as well as fleet operators of all sizes, to manage their vehicle maintenance, service and repair needs primarily in the U.K., and also in Germany, France, the Nordics, Ireland, Australia and Portugal. This solution is provided through our proprietary maintenance and repair network, which, in the U.K., processes transactions for fleet customers at approximately 9,000 service centers . The same platform also provides leasing companies with the ability to manage the re-marketing of leased vehicles and any ad-hoc vehicle rental needs. In addition, we offer compliance services to the U.K. s heavy goods (truck) operators, workshops and drivers. Also, we are increasingly extending the platform for use in the small fleet and business-to-business-to-consumer (B2B2C) space, enabling consumers to access our proprietary maintenance network at advantaged economics to them. Finally, we offer tire repair and management services to leasing companies and large fleets, servicing over one million vehicles across approximately 25,000 tire centers in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Czech Republic and Hungary. Benefits In Mexico and Brazil, we offer prepaid food vouchers or cards to employees via their employer that may be used as a form of payment at restaurants and grocery stores. Additionally, in Brazil, we offer prepaid transportation cards and vouchers that may be used by commuting employees as a form of payment on public transportation. Lodging Payments Our Lodging Payments solutions help businesses manage and control their lodging costs, simplify the management of offerings from hotels and long-term housing arrangements and provide traveler and end customer support. We serve lodging customers through three primary verticals: workforce, airlines and insurance. We offer lodging solutions to businesses primarily in North America and the U.K. that have employees who travel overnight for work purposes, to airlines and cruise lines globally to accommodate both their traveling crews and stranded passengers and to North American residential property insurance policyholders displaced from their homes due to damage or catastrophe on behalf of property insurance carriers. 8 Table of Contents The size, scale and nature of our lodging customer base enables us to negotiate lodging nightly rates lower than the rates most companies could negotiate directly and below the rates available to the general public. We utilize both proprietary and third- party networks where we provide access to deeply discounted hotel rooms with streamlined travel management programs, thereby providing enhanced controls and reporting, audit and tax management services. We also secure hotel rooms outside our proprietary networks in each of our solutions, including private homes in our insurance vertical. We use proprietary data management and payment processing systems to manage customer billings and reports, which, combined with our discounted hotel network, provide customers with potential savings and increased visibility into their lodging costs. Workforce Our workforce lodging solutions provide a comprehensive solution for business travel programs of any size and business profile, with the ability to scale to the needs of the customer. Our solution allows customers to find and book lodging online, via mobile app, directly with the hotel or by calling our travel support center. We provide full-service lodging management for short duration stays, project-based travelers and long duration stay programs. Our solution provides customers options, controls and insights they need to streamline their corporate lodging program and optimize their investment in travel. Airlines The integration of our processing systems with airline logistics and crew management systems enables us to deliver incremental enhanced services to the airline travel industry. We offer end-to-end automation of the crew layover process, providing cost-saving hotel and transport bookings. We also have a proactive disruption system managing flight rebookings, hotels, meals, compensation and transportation for distressed passengers, which delivers a notification directly to the affected passenger to self-service based on their individual requirements. With an all-in-one platform, airlines can access automated web-based billing and continual transaction auditing that's tied to their operational data to increase billing accuracy. Insurance We provide temporary housing solutions for displaced residential policyholders of insurance carriers and catastrophe teams, serving at the request and approval of the insurance adjuster while delivering a seamless housing experience. We partner with claims adjusters to determine the best housing solution for policyholders, including extended stay hotels and long-term housing, providing policyholders a mobile app to manage their temporary housing and receipts. Other Corpay provides other payments solutions that are not considered within defined segments. Gift We provide fully integrated gift card program management and processing services to retailers in 66 countries , in both plastic and digital form. The gift cards are issued specifically for each customer under their specific brands and are generally accepted exclusively within their retail network, digitally or in-person. Our gift solutions include card design, production and packaging, delivery and fulfillment, card and account management, transaction processing, promotion development and management, website design and hosting, program analytics and card distribution channel management. Our turnkey solution benefits our customers in the form of brand promotion, cardholder loyalty, increased sales, interest on prepaid balances and breakage on abandoned card balances. Our gift solutions are subject to seasonal fluctuations as a result of consumer spending patterns. Historically, gift revenues have been strongest in the third and fourth quarters and weakest in the first and second quarters, as the retail industry has its highest level of activity during and leading up to the Christmas holiday season. Payroll Card We offer a payroll card solution in North America in the form of a reloadable stored value card, that can be used instead of a paper payroll check. Our solution operates on the Mastercard payment network and the Allpoint ATM network. The payroll cards are issued to our customers employees and funded by the employees wages. As cardholders, the employees may present the payroll card as a form of payment for personal purchases, transfer funds to their bank account or withdraw funds from participating ATMs. Sales and Distribution We actively market and sell our solutions to current and prospective customers using a multi-channel approach. This go-to- market strategy includes comprehensive digital channels, direct sales forces and strategic partner relationships. We continue to expand online, end-to-end capability where the customers can buy, onboard and manage their accounts on their own. In addition, we leverage an omni-channel approach that enables our sales people to be more efficient by improving their prospecting efforts through digitally sourced leads. In our direct sales force channel, we acquire and manage the customer relationship, which has historically been either in-person or via telesales. Our capabilities are also offered through indirect sales channels (e.g., major oil companies and fuel marketers for fuel, retail establishments for tolls and vehicle OEMs for consumer EV solutions) and on a branded or white label basis, indirectly through a broad range of resellers and partners across most of our solutions. In doing so, we leverage their sales networks to expand our reach into new customer segments, new industry verticals and new geographies faster and at a significantly lower cost. With respect to our tolls solution, we also place proprietary manned kiosks and unmanned vending machines in areas with high consumer foot traffic, such as shopping malls, to reach consumers. With respect to our gift solutions, third-party distribution is generally provided by other companies, who are reliant on access to our systems to meet their distribution obligations. With respect to our parking solutions, we sign deals with municipalities, local authorities and other parking operators to offer a digital parking app to drivers who need to pay for parking in their locations. Typically, signage is prominently displayed in the 9 Table of Contents parking location to direct drivers to download our parking app to facilitate booking and payment. This same app is then used as a tool to sell other products services to these users. We capitalize on our products specialization by deploying product-dedicated sales forces to target specific customer segments. As our solution set has expanded, we are also facilitating cross-selling and bundled product offerings to fully leverage our distribution capabilities, capture more spend and revenue from our existing customer base and deliver more value to customers which should improve customer loyalty and retention. Credit Underwriting and Collections We perform a detailed application review of all new applications for credit, evaluating the applications for fraud as well as credit risk. With both the fraud and credit review, we leverage third-party data sources, including device data, fraud scores and credit bureau data to name a few. The credit review includes a combination of machine learning models, as well as judgmental underwriting based on customer financials. We employ a variety of tools to manage risk in our portfolio, including billing frequency, payment terms, spending limits, payment methods, delinquency suspension and security. Further, we use fraud detection programs, including proprietary and third-party solutions, to monitor transactions and prevent misuse. We monitor the credit quality of our portfolio periodically utilizing external credit scores and internal behavior data to identify high risk or deteriorating credit quality accounts and control our risk through various strategies. We conduct targeted strategies to minimize exposure to high-risk accounts, including reducing spending limits and payment terms or requiring additional security deposits. Competition Our primary competition is from financial institutions providing a full suite of financial products, including general purpose cards, AP payments (i.e. check and ACH) and cross-border solutions. We also compete with specialized competitive offerings from other companies that vary by product solution. Corporate Payments: Our corporate payments solutions compete with similar offerings from banks, but also with other companies like American Express and Coupa. Vehicle Payments: Our fuel solutions compete with similar offerings such as, WEX, U.S. Bank Voyager Fleet Systems, Edenred, Sodexo, Alelo, Radius Payment Solutions and DKV. Our toll solutions compete with similar offerings such as, ConectCar, Veloe (Alelo) and Repom (Edenred). Our parking solutions compete with similar offerings such as ParkMobile, ParkHub, Parking BOXX and FLASH. Lodging Payments: Our lodging payments solutions compete with similar offerings from traditional travel management companies such as, American Express Global Business Travel, as well as in-house travel solutions at large corporations and airlines. Other: Our gift and payroll card solutions compete with similar offerings from Fiserv, other special-purpose card issuers and payroll companies. Competitive Advantage In executing our strategy, we are advantaged by our competitive strengths: Global Scale We have strong market positions across four continents. This enables us to provide new offerings with better cost economics, sell complementary products, acquire attractive assets that can leverage existing infrastructure and cost synergies and introduce successful products and practices from other markets. Compounding Growth Model Our growth model historically benefits from strong revenue retention, organic growth from new customer acquisitions and selling more value-added products to current customers, via developed and acquired payment solutions. Proprietary Networks Our specialized proprietary networks allow for unique data capture at the point-of-sale, providing an incremental value proposition to our customers. These proprietary networks also provide us with advantageous economics by providing attractive, captive spend to the merchant base. Scalable Technology Our easy-to-use platforms provide control and functionality for our customers, and we can on- board incremental customer volume with very limited need for additional infrastructure. We own and control all the critical components to our offering, creating improved speed to market and proprietary feature functionality in the marketplace. Diversification Our solutions and geographic diversification are designed to provide stability through the portfolio effect when one geography or business is underperforming relative to the others. This allows Corpay to deliver more consistent financial performance relative to competitors, continue to invest throughout business cycles and reallocate resources to higher performing businesses. Technology Our technology provides continuous authorization of transactions, processing of critical account and customer information and settlement between merchants, issuing companies and individual commercial entities. We recognize the importance of state-of- 10 Table of Contents the-art, s ecure, efficient and reliable technology in our business and have made significant investments in our applications and infrastructure. In 2025 , we sp ent approximately $408 million in capital and operating expenses to operate, protect and enhance our technology. We operate several proprietary processing systems that provide features and functionality to run our card programs and solutions, including our card issuing, processing and information services. Our processing systems also integrate with our proprietary networks, which provide brand awareness and connectivity to our acceptance locations that enables the end-to- end card acceptance, da ta capture and transaction authorization capabilities of our card programs. Our proprietary processing systems and aggregation software are tailored to meet the unique needs of the individual markets they serve and enable us to create and deliver solutions that serve each of our industry verticals and geographies. Our technology platforms are comprised of four key components, which were primarily developed and are maintain ed in-house: (1) a core processing platform; (2) specialized software; (3) integrated network capab ilities; and (4) a cloud-based architecture with proprietary APIs. Our technology function is based in the U.S., Europe and Brazil and has expertise in the management of applications, transaction networks and infrastructure. We operate application development centers in the U.S., U.K., Netherlands, Czech Republic, Brazil and New Zealand. Our distributed application architecture allows us to maintain, administer and innovate our solutions in a cost-effective and flexible manner. Our solutions contain significant intellectual property that differentiates us from our competition. W e continually seek to modernize and evolve our technology solutions through our core information technology (IT) transformation initiatives. Our IT transformation initiatives are focused on three main pillars: (1) digital strategy; (2) core systems modernization; and (3) data. Our digital strategy is focused on streamlining a digital customer experience across all of our solutions, providing a seamless experience. Additionally, we are investing in modernizing our core transactional systems to make them more resilient, secure and scalable. Our technology infrastructure is supported by highly-secure data centers, with redundant locations. We operate our primary data centers, located in Atlanta, Georgia; Studley, United Kingdom; Prague, Czech Republic; Las Vegas, Nevada; Lexington and Louisville, Kentucky; S o Paulo, Brazil; and Toronto, Canada. Additionally, as we develop new solutions and modernize legacy assets, we increasingly use cloud services. Through the use of cloud technology and microservices, we are able to modernize our platforms with no disruption to our customers. Finally, data is becoming an ever-increasing part of how we and our customers do business. We are focused on investing in our data assets to deliver value for our customers through improved insights to help them to better control expenses and mitigate fraud. The use of cloud services provides us with increased flexibility and agility. We use only proven technology and expect no foreseeable capacity limitations. We maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans. Our telecommunications and internet systems have multiple levels of redundancy to ensure the reliability of network service. In 2025 , we achieve d over 99.9% up- time for authorizations globally . Safeguarding Our Business To provide our services, we may collect, use and store sensitive business information and personal information. Some of this information is also processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, which we refer to collectively as, our associated third parties. We may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions and in some instances, our customers, and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties (as applicable) to protect this information. Our systems align with industry standards for security, with multiple industry certifications. Our network is configured with multiple layers of security to isolate our core systems from unauthorized access. We use secure communication among applications, and our employees access critical components strictly on a "need-to-know" basis. We may not be able to adequately protect our systems or the data we collect from continually evolving cybersecurity risks or other technological risks, which could subject us to liability and damage our reputation. See also, "Risks related to information technology and security" under Item 1A for further discussion of the risks we face in connection with our technology systems and potential data breach and cybersecurity risks. Also, see Item 1C Cybersecurity for further discussion of our risk management strategy and governance. Regulation A substantial number of laws and regulations, both in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions, apply to businesses offering payment products to customers, processing payments and servicing related accounts, or operating payment networks. These laws and regulations are often evolving and sometimes ambiguous or inconsistent, and the extent to which they apply to us is at times unclear. Failure to comply with regulations may result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension, or termination of services or relationships with our bank partners and sponsors and business and sales partners and/ or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines. Certain of our solutions are also subject to rules set by various payment networks, such as Mastercard, as more fully described below. The following, while not exhaustive, is a description of several federal and state laws and regulations in the U.S., as well as foreign laws and regulations, that are applicable to our business, and therefore can materially affect our capital expenditures, 11 Table of Contents earnings and competitive position. In addition, the legal and regulatory framework governing our business is subject to ongoing revision, and changes in that framework could have a significant effect on us. Money Transmission and Payment Instrument Licensing Regulations We are subject to various U.S. laws and regulations governing money transmission and the issuance and sale of payment instruments. In the U.S., most states license money transmitters and issuers of payment instruments. Through our subsidiaries, we are licensed in all states where required for business. Many states exercise authority over the operations related to money transmission and payment instruments and, as part of this authority, subject us to periodic examinations, which may include a review of our compliance practices, policies and procedures, financial position and related records, privacy and data security policies and procedures and other matters related to our business. As a result of these periodic examinations, state agencies sometimes issue to us findings and recommendations, prompting us to make changes to our operations and procedures. As a licensee, we are subject to certain restrictions and requirements, including net worth and surety bond requirements, record keeping and reporting requirements, requirements for regulatory approval of controlling stockholders or direct and indirect changes of control of the licensee and certain other corporate events and requirements to maintain certain levels of permissible investments in an amount equal to our outstanding payment obligations. Many states as well as the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (FinCEN) also require money transmitters and issuers of payment instruments to comply with federal and state anti-money laundering laws (AML) and regulations. See Anti-Money Laundering, Counter Terrorist and Sanctions Regulations. Recently, a number of state legislatures have adopted all or parts of a new money transmission and sales of payment instruments model law, the Money Transmission Modernization Act. State laws regarding money transmission and sales of payment instruments requirements may continue to change in the future. Additionally, government agencies may impose new or additional requirements on money transmission and sales of payment instruments. We expect that compliance costs will increase in the future for our regulated subsidiaries. Privacy and Information Security Laws and Regulations We provide services that are subject to various state, federal and foreign privacy and information security laws and regulations including, among others, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and its Network and Information Security (NIS) Directive, the U.K.'s GDPR and NIS Regulations, Canada s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and Brazil s General Data Protection Law. In the U.S., we are now subject to several comprehensive data privacy laws at the state level, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act (effective July 1, 2023), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (effective July 1, 2023) and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (effective December 31, 2023). We are also subject to the separate security breach notification laws of each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia. Some non-U.S. data protection laws, including in the U.K. and EU, impose restrictions on the international transfer of personal data absent lawfully recognized transfer mechanisms or, in some cases, prohibit such transfer completely. Going forward, we will likely be subject to new and evolving data privacy laws in the U.S. and abroad, which could result in additional costs of compliance, enforcement actions, regulatory investigations and fines, individual or class action litigation, or reputational harm. These and similar laws and their related regulations collectively restrict certain collection, processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal information, require notice to individuals of privacy practices and provide individuals with certain rights to prevent use and disclosure of protected information. Some also impose requirements for the safeguarding and proper destruction of personal information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines. In many cases they impose obligations to notify affected individuals, state officers or other governmental authorities, the media and consumer reporting agencies, as well as businesses and governmental agencies, of security breaches affecting personal information. In addition, some restrict the ability to collect and utilize certain types of information such as Social Security and driver s license numbers. These laws and regulations are complex and evolving and can provide for significant penalties for non-compliance. We incur and expect to continue to incur significant and ongoing operating costs as part of our efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal information. These efforts also may divert management and employee attention from other business initiatives. Certain of our products that access payment networks require compliance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards. See Payment Card Industry Rules. Email and Text Marketing Laws and Regulations We use email marketing and text-messaging to reach out to current or potential customers and therefore are subject to various statutes, regulations and rulings, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA), the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM Act) and related Federal Communication Commission (FCC) orders. Several states have enacted additional, more restrictive and punitive laws regulating telemarketing and commercial email. Foreign legislation exists as well, including Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation and the European laws that have been enacted pursuant to European Union Directive 2002/58/EC and its amendments. Although we believe that our telemarketing and email practices comply with the relevant regulatory requirements, violations could result in enforcement actions, statutory fines and penalties, class action litigation and reputational harm. 12 Table of Contents Unfair or Deceptive Business Practices All persons engaged in commerce, including, but not limited to, us and our bank sponsors and customers, are subject to regulatory enforcement by the FTC, under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, and state attorneys general, under various consumer-protection statutes, prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and certain products also are subject to the jurisdiction of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) regarding the prohibition of unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices. As a service provider to certain of our bank sponsors, we may further be subject to direct supervision and examination by federal banking regulators in connection with certain of our products and services, which may increase our compliance costs. If we are accused of violating any of these laws, rules and regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result, may incur losses and liabilities that may impact our business. Lending Regulations We are subject to several laws and related regulations governing the provision and administration of credit. The Truth in Lending Act (TILA) was enacted as a consumer protection measure to increase consumer awareness of the cost of credit and to protect consumers from unauthorized charges or billing errors and is implemented by the CFPB s Regulation Z. Most provisions of TILA and Regulation Z apply only to the extension of consumer credit, but a limited number of provisions apply to commercial cards as well. One example where TILA and Regulation Z are generally applicable is a limitation on liability for unauthorized use, although a business that acquires 10 or more credit cards for its personnel can agree to more expansive liability. Our cardholder agreements generally provide that these business customers waive, to the fullest extent possible, all limitations on liability for unauthorized card use. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) together with Regulation B prohibit creditors from discriminating on certain prohibited bases, such as an applicant s sex, race, nationality, age and marital status and further requires that creditors disclose the reasons for taking any adverse action against an applicant or a customer seeking credit. The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) regulates consumer reporting agencies and the disclosure and use of consumer reports. We obtain consumer reports with respect to an individual who guarantees or otherwise is obligated on a commercial card. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 amended FCRA and requires creditors to adopt identity theft prevention programs to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft in connection with covered accounts, which can include business accounts for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk of identity theft. Anti-Money Laundering, Counter Terrorist and Sanctions Regulations The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act, which is also known as the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and which has been amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, contains a variety of provisions aimed at fighting terrorism and money laundering. Among other things, the BSA and related regulations issued by FinCEN require financial-services providers to establish AML programs, to prohibit the financing of terrorism, to report suspicious activity and to maintain a number of related records. We are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) that prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals, narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations. In addition to economic sanctions programs, we are also subject to a number of international laws and regulations focused on fighting terrorism and money laundering, including primarily: in Canada, Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (PCMLTFA); in Australia, as a registered remittance dealer with AUSTRAC, the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (AML/CTF Act); in the U.K., as a registered Electronic Money Institution with the Financial Conduct Authority, the Proceeds of Crime Act, 2002 and the Terrorism Act 2000; in Ireland, the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010, as amended by Part 2 of the Criminal Justice Act 2013 and by the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) (Amendment) Act 2018; and in the EU, AML requirements promulgated under the 4th, 5th and 6th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directives. Numerous other countries have also enacted or proposed new or enhanced AML legislation and regulations applicable to us. Non-banks that provide certain financial services are required to register with FinCEN as money services businesses (MSB). Certain of our subsidiaries are registered as MSBs. In addition, provisions of the BSA known as the Prepaid Access Rule issued by FinCEN impose certain obligations, such as registration and collection of consumer information, on providers of certain prepaid access programs, including the stored value products issued by our sponsor banks for which we serve as program manager. FinCEN has taken the position that, where the issuing bank has principal oversight and control of such prepaid access programs, no other participant in the distribution chain would be required to register as a provider under the Prepaid Access Rule. Despite this position, we have opted to register as a provider of prepaid access through our subsidiary, Comdata Inc. 13 Table of Contents Interchange Fees The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act) effected comprehensive revisions to a wide array of federal laws governing financial institutions, financial services and financial markets. The Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act provided that interchange fees that a card issuer or payment network receives or charges for debit transactions must be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the card issuer in authorizing, clearing and settling the transaction. Payment network fees may not be used directly or indirectly to compensate card issuers in circumvention of the interchange transaction fee restrictions. The Federal Reserve has capped debit interchange fees and may reduce the cap in the future, however the cap has not had a material direct impact on our results of operations because we operate under an exemption to the cap for the majority of our debit transactions. Anti-Bribery Regulations The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) prohibits the payment of bribes to foreign government officials and political figures and includes anti-bribery provisions enforced by the Department of Justice and accounting provisions enforced by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The statute has a broad reach, covering all U.S. companies and citizens doing business abroad, among others, and defining a foreign official to include not only those holding public office but also local citizens affiliated with foreign government-run or -owned organizations. The statute also requires maintenance of appropriate books and records and maintenance of adequate internal controls to prevent and detect possible FCPA violations. We are subject to similar statutes in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the U.K. Bribery Act. Payment Card Industry Rules In connection with certain services we provide for payment cards bearing the Mastercard brand and to those acting as merchants accepting those cards, we must comply with the bylaws, regulations and requirements that are promulgated by Mastercard and other applicable payment-card organizations, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), the Mastercard Site Data Protection Program (SDP) and other applicable data-security program requirements. A breach of such payment card network rules could subject us to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the payment networks for certain acts or omissions. The payment networks routinely update and modify their requirements. Our failure to comply with the networks requirements or to pay the fines they impose could cause the termination of our registration and require us to stop processing transactions on their networks. Our subsidiary, Comdata Inc., is PCI DSS 3.2 compliant. We are also subject to network operating rules promulgated by the National ACH Association relating to payment transactions processed by us using the ACH network. Escheat Regulations We may be subject to unclaimed or abandoned property (escheat) laws in the U.S. that require us to turn over to certain government authorities the property of others that we hold that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time, such as payment instruments that have not been presented for payment and account balances that are due to a customer following discontinuation of our relationship. We may be subject to audit by individual U.S. states with regard to our escheatment practices. Prepaid Card Regulations Prepaid card programs that we manage may be subject to various federal and state laws and regulations, such as the Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (CARD Act) and the CFPB s Regulation E, which impose requirements on general-use prepaid cards, store gift cards and electronic gift certificates. State Usury Laws Extensions of credit under many of our card products may be treated as commercial loans and may require state licensing. In some states, usury laws limit the interest rates that can be charged not only on consumer loans but on commercial loans as well. To the extent that these usury laws apply, we are limited in the amount of interest that we can charge and collect from our customers. Because we have substantial operations in multiple jurisdictions, we utilize choice of law provisions in our cardholder agreements as to the laws of which jurisdiction to apply. With respect to card products where we work with a partner or issuing bank, the partner bank may utilize the law of the jurisdiction applicable to the bank and export the usury limit of that state in connection with cards issued to residents of other states or we may use our choice of law provisions. Derivatives Regulations Rules adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), provisions of the European Market Infrastructure Regulation and its technical standards, as well as derivative reporting in Canada and the U.S., have subjected certain of the foreign exchange derivative contracts we offer to our customers as part of our cross-border payments business to reporting, recordkeeping and other requirements. Additionally, certain foreign exchange derivatives transactions we may enter into in the future may be subject to centralized clearing requirements, or may be subject to margin requirements in the U.S., U.K. and European Union. Other jurisdictions outside the U.S., U.K. and the European Union are considering, have implemented, or are implementing regulations similar to those described above. 14 Table of Contents Other We must contractually comply with certain regulations to which our sponsor banks are subject, as applicable. We may be examined by our sponsor banks regulators and be subject to audits by certain sponsor banks relative to such regulations. The Housing Assistance Tax Act of 2008 requires information returns to be made for each calendar year by merchants, acquiring entities and third-party settlement organizations with respect to payments made in settlement of electronic payment transactions and third-party payment network transactions occurring in that calendar year. Reportable transactions are also subject to backup withholding requirements. We are required to comply with these requirements for the merchants in our Comdata network. We could be liable for penalties if our information return is not in compliance with these regulations. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025 , Corpay emplo yed approximately 11,800 associates located in 34 countries around the world, with approximately 4,300 of those associates based in the U.S . At Corpay , we strongly believe that talent is a determinant of our performance and success. Our values-driven people programs, practices and policies have been developed to ensure we are able to attract, retain and develop the quality of talent necessary to advance our key initiatives and achieve our strategic objectives. We are firmly committed to delivering a strong employee value proposition and unique employment experience to our associates which, in turn, should lead to better customer experiences and business outcomes. Culture Our culture has evolved through time, as we have grown considerably both organically and through acquisitions. Despite Corpay s expansive size and geographic scope, we seek to retain a strong entrepreneurial spirit and share a common vision, mission and set of values, which together serve as cornerstones to our One Corpay culture. Our values, listed below, are infused in all aspects of Corpay and guide our employee selection, behavior and interactions with both internal and external stakeholders: Innovation figure out a better way Execution get it done; outputs matter Integrity do the right thing People we make the difference Collaboration accomplish more together As of December 31, 2025 , females represente d approximately 50% of our global workforce and approximately 17% of our senior leadership team, while minorities comprised approximately 32% of our domestic workforce and approximately 17% of our senior leadership team. Employee Wellness Corpay s benefits programs are designed to meet the evolving needs of our workforce across the globe. Because we want our employees and their families to thrive, in additional to our regular benefit offerings, we also focus on physical and mental well- being. As part of our benefit programs we offer free online fitness classes, discounted gym memberships, weight-loss classes, provide access to employee assistance programs in all regions and Mental Health Awareness programs globally. Talent Development Corpay offers a variety of high-quality learning opportunities, designed to support employee development and organizational effectiveness. Learning opportunities are available in all geographies at all levels and incorporate personal, business and leadership skills development with the goal of empowering our organization, creating avenues for closing skill gaps and enhancing the capabilities of our workforce. Leadership, teamwork, communication and many other soft skills are vital to our success. We offer a wide variety of career opportunities and paths to advancement through on-the-job coaching, training and education. We are proud to be a company where an associate can start as an intern and turn it into a successful career. The Voice of the Employee We continue to develop and refine our people programs based on feedback we receive directly from our workforce, which we gather through a survey of all employees globally. The participation rate for our 2025 survey was approximately 51%. Our employee engagement score in 2025 remained consistent with previous years. We believe our employee proposition remains strong and we continue to attract and retain top talent. We continue to share the detailed engagement scores across the organization and analyze the results to understand differences by geography, demographics, job level and leader, and to identify opportunities for further improvement. We also conduct pulse surveys and focus groups to assess the ongoing engagement of our workforce. In January 2025, Corpay published its latest Corporate Responsibility Sustainability Report (CRS Report), in which we provided detailed information about the Company s views and approaches regarding environmental, social and governance 15 Table of Contents issues. Our CRS Report also includes details related to our global talent strategy, inclusion efforts, employee wellness and talent development. Our CRS Reports may be accessed electronically at https://investor.corpay.com, in the governance section. Additional Information We maintain a website at www.corpay.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish the SEC in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( the "Exchange Act"). These include our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically at https://www.sec.gov. 16 Table of Contents ITEM X. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, with their respective ages as of December 31, 2025 . Our officers serve at the discretion of our board of directors. There are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Name Age Position(s) Ronald F. Clarke 70 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Peter Walker 52 Chief Financial Officer Alan King 49 Group President International Vehicle Payments Armando L. Netto 57 Group President Brazil Vehicle Payments and Strategic Transformation Ronald F. Clarke has been our Chief Executive Officer since August 2000 and was appointed Chairman of our Board of Directors in March 2003. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Clarke served as President and Chief Operating Officer of AHL Services, Inc., a staffing firm. From 1990 to 1998, Mr. Clarke served as Chief Marketing Officer and later as a Division President with Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a human resources software and services company. From 1987 to 1990, Mr. Clarke was a Principal with Booz Allen Hamilton, a global management consulting firm. Earlier in his career, Mr. Clarke was a marketing manager for General Electric Company, a diversified technology, media and financial services corporation. Peter Walker has been our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") since July 2025. Prior to joining Corpay, Mr. Walker served as the CFO at Instructure Holdings, Inc. ("Instructure"), an education technology company, from November 2023 to July 2025. During his tenure with Instructure, Mr. Walker led the privatization of Instructure with its sale to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. Prior to Instructure, Mr. Walker was CFO of Sterling Check Corp., a company providing pre-employment background checks, from July 2019 to November 2023, and CFO of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. ("Jackson Hewitt"), a tax preparation service from July 2017 to May 2018. Prior to Jackson Hewitt, Mr. Walker spent over 17 years at Assurant, Inc. in finance, accounting and strategy roles, finishing his career there as Global Chief Strategy Officer. Alan King has served as our Group President International Vehicle Payments since December 2023 and prior to that was our Group President of Global Fleet since May 2022. Mr. King joined Corpay in August 2016 and served as our President - U.K., Australia and New Zealand, based in London, until June 2019. From July 2019 to April 2022, Mr. King was Group President of Europe, Australia and New Zealand Fuel. Prior to joining us, Mr. King worked at Mastercard Inc. ("Mastercard") where he was most recently Managing Director, MasterCard Prepaid Management Services. During his 11 year career at Mastercard, Mr. King held the roles of Group Head, Global Prepaid Solutions, Group General Manager for Market and Business Development in the U.K. Ireland and General Manager, Global Accounts. Prior to Mastercard, Mr. King held leadership positions at VISA Inc. in the CEMEA region from 2003 to 2005 and at Citigroup Inc. from 1998 to 2003, largely across commercial payments in international markets. Mr. King spent the early part of his career in the telecom and automotive industries, in various sales and marketing roles covering Europe. Armando L. Netto is our Group President Brazil Vehicle Payments and Strategic Transformation as of January 2026. From December 2023 to December 2025, Mr. Netto served as our Group President Brazil and U.S. Vehicle Payments and prior to that was our Group President Brazil since June 2014. Prior to joining us, Mr. Netto led IT Services for TIVIT, an IT and business process outsourcing (BPO) services company, from 2006 to 2014, where he led the integration of functional areas into the business unit, focused on onboarding new clients and ensuring service quality. Prior to TIVIT, Mr. Netto held various leadership roles with Unisys Corporation and McKinsey Company, where he gained international experience in Europe supporting clients in the U.K., France, Austria, Portugal and the Netherlands. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks applicable to us. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this report. Risks related to information technology and security We are dependent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of interconnected computer systems, telecommunications, data centers and call centers, including technology and network systems managed by multiple third parties, which could result in our inability to prevent disruptions in our services. Our ability to provide reliable service to customers, cardholders and other network participants depends upon uninterrupted operation of our data centers and call centers as well as third-party labor and services providers. Incidents affecting these third parties, including disruptions, system outages, technology failures or vulnerabilities, capacity constraints, insolvency, or other cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our services and extend recovery times beyond our control. Our business involves processing large numbers of transactions, the movement of large sums of money and the management of large amounts of data. We rely on the ability of our employees, contractors, suppliers, systems and processes to complete these transactions in a secure, uninterrupted and error-free manner. Our subsidiaries operate in various countries and country-specific factors, such as power availability, telecommunications carrier redundancy, embargoes and regulations can adversely impact our information processing by, or for, our local subsidiaries. We engage backup facilities for each of our processing centers for key systems and data. However, there could be material delays in fully activating backup facilities depending on the nature of the breakdown, security breach, cyberattack or catastrophic event (such as fire, explosion, flood, pandemic, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure or physical break-in). Although, we have controls and documented measures to mitigate these risks, these mitigating controls might not reduce the duration, scope or severity of an outage in time to avoid adverse effects. Disruptions could result in transaction delays or failure, financial losses, contractual penalties, regulatory scrutiny and damage to our reputation. In addition, evolving regulatory frameworks focused on operational resilience and incident reporting may increase our obligations and potential exposure arising from such events. We may experience cybersecurity incidents, software defects, system errors, outages and development delays, which could damage customer relationships, decrease our profitability and expose us to liability. Our business depends heavily on the reliability, availability and security of proprietary and third-party processing systems and cloud infrastructure. A system outage could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, including by damaging our reputation or exposing us to third-party liability. To successfully operate our business, we must be able to protect our processing and other systems from interruption, including from events that may be beyond our control. Events that could cause system interruptions include, but are not limited to, fire, natural disaster, unauthorized entry, power loss, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, technology failures, software or other vulnerabilities, terrorist acts and war. Although we have taken steps to protect against data loss and system failures, there is still risk that we may lose critical data or experience system failures, and that our controls may not be effective in all circumstances. Our solutions are based on sophisticated software and computing systems that are constantly evolving. We often encounter delays and cost overruns in developing changes implemented to our systems. In addition, the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. Defects in our software products and errors or delays in our processing of electronic transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation or exposure to liability claims. In addition, we rely on technologies supplied to us by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, vulnerabilities or defects that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability for warranty claims through disclaimers in our software documentation and limitation of liability provisions in our licenses and other agreements with our customers, we cannot assure that these measures will be successful in limiting our liability or covering all losses. We also operate in an evolving regulatory environment for cybersecurity and data privacy. New or expanded disclosure or notification obligations could increase our compliance costs and exposure to enforcement or litigation following an incident. We may not be able to adequately protect our systems or the data we collect from continually evolving cybersecurity and data-protection risks, which could subject us to liability and damage our reputation. We electronically receive, process, store and transmit data and sensitive information about our customers and merchants, including bank account information, social security numbers, expense data and credit card, debit card and checking account numbers. We endeavor to keep this information confidential; however, our websites, networks, information systems, services and technologies may be targeted for sabotage, disruption or misappropriation. The uninterrupted operation of our information 18 Table of Contents systems and our ability to maintain the confidentiality of the customer and consumer information that resides on our systems are critical to the successful operation of our business. Unauthorized access to our networks and computer systems could result in the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our service and operations. We are not aware of any recent m aterial breach of our or our associated third parties computer systems, although we and others in our industry are regularly the subject of attempts by bad actors to gain unauthorized access to these computer systems and data or to obtain, change or destroy confidential data (including personal consumer information of individuals) through a variety of means. Because techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to our systems and the data we collect change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, especially considering heightened threats and risks associated with artificial intelligence and other technologies, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. An incident may not be detected until well after it occurs and the severity and potential impact may not be fully known for a substantial period of time after it has been discovered. Our ability to address incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Computer viruses can be distributed and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. In addition, denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. Although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to prevent disruption and misappropriation and to respond to such attacks, any inability to prevent security breaches could have a negative impact on our reputation, expose us to liability, decrease market acceptance of electronic transactions and cause our present and potential clients to choose another service provider. In addition, the risk of cyber-attacks has increased in connection with the military and geopolitical conflicts around the world, including between Russia and Ukraine and within the Middle East. In light of those and other geopolitical events, nation-state actors or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. Nation-state actors have in the past carried out, and may in the future carry out, cyber- attacks to achieve their aims and goals, which may include espionage, information operations, monetary gain, ransomware, disruption and destruction. We could also be subject to liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information, such as unauthorized marketing purposes and violation of data privacy laws. For example, we are subject to a variety of U.S. and international statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to the direct email marketing and text-messaging industries. If we were ever found to be in violation, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. We cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy that we impose on our service providers who have access to customer and consumer data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of data. In addition, we have agreed in certain agreements to take certain protective measures to ensure the confidentiality of customer data. The costs of systems and procedures associated with such protective measures, as well as the cost of deploying additional personnel, training our employees and hiring outside experts, may increase and could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Any failure to adequately enforce or provide these protective measures could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation, governmental and card network intervention and fines, remediation costs and with respect to misuse of personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm. While we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses above a certain financial retention level, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and such insurance may not be available for renewal on acceptable terms or at all, and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. In addition, under payment network rules, regulatory requirements and related obligations, we may be responsible for the acts or failures to act of certain third parties, such as third-party service providers, vendors, partners and others, which we refer to collectively as associated participants. The failure of our associated participants to safeguard cardholder data and other information in accordance with such rules, requirements and obligations could result in significant fines and sanctions and could harm our reputation and deter existing and prospective customers from using our services. We cannot assure you that there are written agreements in place with every associated participant or that such written agreements will ensure the adequate safeguarding of such data or information or allow us to seek reimbursement from associated participants. Any such unauthorized use or disclosure of data or information also could result in litigation that could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Risks related to our business and operations If we fail to develop and implement new technology, products and services, adapt our products and services to changes in technology, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology, products and services are not successful, we could lose customers and partners. The markets for our solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services, evolving industry standards and evolving customer needs. We must respond to the technological advances offered by our competitors, including the use of artificial intelligence and the requirements of regulators and our customers and partners, in order to maintain and improve upon our competitive position and fulfill contractual obligations. We may be unsuccessful in expanding our technological capabilities and developing, marketing, selling or encouraging adoption of new or enhanced products and services that meet these changing demands, which could jeopardize our competitive position. Similarly, if new technologies are developed that displace our offerings for use by businesses, we may be unsuccessful in adequately responding to customer practices and our transaction volume may decline. In addition, we regularly engage in significant efforts to upgrade our products, services and underlying technology, which may or may not be successful in achieving market acceptance or their intended purposes, and may require more time or investment than planned. Artificial intelligence technologies, including machine learning and generative AI, are being rapidly adopted across the payments and enterprise software industries to improve automation, analytics, fraud detection, customer support and decision- making. Our competitors, customers and partners may increasingly expect AI-enabled functionality and efficiencies in the solutions they purchase and use. If we do not identify, develop, license, acquire and integrate AI technologies into our products and operations on a timely basis, or if we are unable to obtain the data, computing resources or specialized personnel needed to do so cost-effectively, our products and services may become less competitive, we may experience slower growth, reduced transaction volumes, loss of customers or partners, and pressure on margins. In addition, AI-enabled products offered by competitors or third parties could disintermediate aspects of our offerings or reduce demand for certain of our solutions. The solutions we deliver are designed to process complex transactions and provide reports and other information on those transactions, all at high volumes and processing speeds. New or enhanced offerings can present performance, scalability or interoperability challenges, and any failure to deliver effective and secure products or services, or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service, could result in significant processing or reporting errors, customer dissatisfaction or other losses. We may rely on third parties to develop or co-develop solutions or to incorporate our solutions into broader platforms for commercial payments and adjacent use cases. We may not be able to enter into such relationships on attractive terms, or at all, and these relationships may not be successful. In addition, partners, some of whom may be our competitors or potential competitors, may choose to develop competing solutions on their own or with third parties. In order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, mobile payment applications, e-commerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry, including with respect to domestic and international corporate payments, and EVs. These projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. Additionally, we may be unable to attract, develop and retain personnel with the skills necessary to execute our strategy in key locations and at the pace required. Any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete. We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. The market for our solutions is highly competitive, and competition could intensify in the future. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the products and services they offer. Our primary competitors in the Vehicle Payments solutions are small regional and large independent fleet card providers (some providing vouchers for food, fuel, tolls and transportation), major oil companies and petroleum marketers that issue their own fleet cards, banks and major financial services companies that provide card services to major oil companies and petroleum marketers. Corporate Payments solutions face a variety of competitors, some of which have greater financial resources, name recognition and scope and breadth of products and services. Moreover, certain Corporate Payments competitors are able to operationalize and scale certain decentralized payment technologies quicker like cryptocurrencies. Competitors in the Lodging Payments solutions include travel agencies, online lodging discounters, internal corporate procurement and travel resources and independent lodging and services providers. The most significant competitive factors in our business are the breadth of product and service features, network acceptance size, customer service, payment terms, account management, and price. We may experience competitive disadvantages with respect to any of these factors from time to time as potential customers prioritize or value these competitive factors differently. As a result, a specific offering of our features, networks and pricing may serve as a competitive advantage with respect to one customer and a disadvantage for another based on the customers preferences. Some of our existing and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand name recognition, larger customer bases, more extensive customer relationships or greater financial and technical resources than we do. In addition, our larger competitors may have greater resources than we do to devote to the promotion and sale of their products and services and to pursue acquisitions. Many of our competitors provide additional and unrelated products and services to customers, such as treasury management, commercial lending and credit card processing, which allow them to bundle their products and services 20 Table of Contents together and present them to existing customers with whom they have established relationships, sometimes at a discount. If price competition continues to intensify, we may have to increase the incentives that we offer to our customers, decrease the prices of our solutions or lose customers, each of which could adversely affect our operating results. In Vehicle Payments solutions, major oil companies, petroleum marketers and large financial institutions may choose to integrate fuel card services as a complement to their existing or complementary card products and services to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies, such as EVs, and changing opportunities, standards or customer requirements. To the extent that our competitors are regarded as leaders in specific categories, they may have an advantage over us as we attempt to further penetrate these categories. Overall, increased competition and services in our markets could result in intensified pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and a failure to increase, or a loss of, market share. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against our current or future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Adverse effects on demand for our business-related products and services, from unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, weather