=== CB_2026-04-03.htm.gz ===
tm2527783-7_nonfiling - block - 29.5869562s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Chubb Limited (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Chubb Limited 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders DATE AND TIME PLACE RECORD DATE PROXY MAILING DATE May 21, 2026, 11:45 a.m. Central European Time Chubb Limited, B rengasse 32 CH-8001, Zurich, Switzerland March 27, 2026 , except as provided in Who is entitled to vote? in this proxy statement On or about April 7, 2026 ITEM MEETING AGENDA 1 Approval of the management report, standalone financial statements and consolidated financial statements of Chubb Limited for the year ended December 31, 2025 2 Allocation of disposable profit and distribution of a dividend out of legal reserves 2.1 Allocation of disposable profit 2.2 Distribution of a dividend out of legal reserves (by way of release and allocation to a dividend reserve) 3 Discharge of the Board of Directors 4 Election of Auditors 4.1 Election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (Zurich) as our statutory auditor 4.2 Ratification of appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (United States) as independent registered public accounting firm for purposes of U.S. securities law reporting 4.3 Election of BDO AG (Zurich) as special audit firm 5 Election of the Board of Directors 6 Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors 7 Election of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 8 Election of Homburger AG as independent proxy 9 Renewal of a capital band for authorized share capital increases and reductions 10 Approval of the Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 11 Approval of the compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management under Swiss law requirements 11.1 Maximum compensation of the Board of Directors until the next annual general meeting 11.2 Maximum compensation of Executive Management for the 2027 calendar year 11.3 Advisory vote to approve the Swiss compensation report 12 Advisory vote to approve executive compensation under U.S. securities law requirements 13 Approval of the Sustainability Report of Chubb Limited for the year ended December 31, 2025 ADVANCED VOTING DEADLINES Beneficial owners (shares held through a bank, broker or other nominee): by 11:59 p.m. ET on May 19, 2026 Record owners (shares held at Computershare ): by 12:00 p.m. ET (6:00 p.m. CET) on May 20, 2026 Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials: Shareholders of record are being mailed, on or about April 7, 2026, a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials providing instructions on how to access the proxy materials and our Annual Report on the Internet, and if they prefer, how to request paper copies of these materials. See Information About the Annual General Meeting and Voting in this proxy statement for further information, including how to vote your shares. If you plan to attend the meeting, you must request an admission ticket by May 11, 2026 by following the instructions in this proxy statement. By Order of the Board of Directors, Joseph F. Wayland Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary April 3, 2026 Zurich, Switzerland TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Summary 2 Agenda Items Approval of the Management Report, Standalone Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements of Chubb Limited for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 9 Allocation of Disposable Profit and Distribution of a Dividend Out of Legal Reserves (by Way of Release and Allocation to a Dividend Reserve) 10 Discharge of the Board of Directors 13 Election of Auditors 14 Election of the Board of Directors 17 Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors 26 Election of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 28 Election of Homburger AG as Independent Proxy 29 Renewal of a Capital Band for Authorized Share Capital Increases and Reductions 30 Approval of the Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 33 Approval of the Compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management under Swiss Law Requirements 40 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation under U.S. Securities Law Requirements 45 Approval of the Sustainability Report of Chubb Limited for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 47 Corporate Governance 49 Overview 49 Our Corporate Governance Framework 50 Governance Practices and Policies 51 Shareholder Engagement 52 The Board of Directors 53 Board Leadership Structure 55 The Committees of the Board 58 Board Oversight of Our Independent Advisors 60 Board Oversight of Risk and Risk Management 60 Related Party Transactions 63 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 65 Director Compensation 66 Information About Our Share Ownership 68 Share Ownership by Our Directors, Nominees and SEC Executive Officers 68 Shareholders of More Than 5% of Our Shares 69 Executive Compensation 70 Compensation Committee Report 70 Compensation Discussion Analysis 70 Compensation Discussion Analysis Table of Contents 70 Executive Summary 71 The Relationship of Compensation to Risk 79 Summary Compensation Table 89 Employment Arrangements 90 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 91 Indemnification Agreements 91 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 92 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 93 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 95 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 95 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 96 U.S. SEC Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 100 Median Employee Pay Ratio 104 Audit Committee Report 105 Information About the Annual General Meeting and Voting 107 Shareholder Submitted Agenda Items for an Annual General Meeting 112 Forward-Looking Statements and Website References 112 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 113 Annex A: Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, as proposed in Agenda Item 10 A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary The following pages summarize information discussed in more detail elsewhere in this proxy statement for Chubb Limited s 2026 annual general meeting of shareholders to be held on Thursday, May 21, 2026 (the Annual General Meeting). References in this proxy statement to $ and USD are to United States dollars and references to CHF are to Swiss francs. Unless context otherwise requires, references to we , us , our , Chubb or the Company are to Chubb Limited. Meeting Agenda and Board Voting Recommendations ITEM MEETING AGENDA BOARD VOTE RECOMMENDATION PAGE 1 Approval of the management report, standalone financial statements and consolidated financial statements of Chubb Limited for the year ended December 31, 2025 FOR 9 2 Allocation of disposable profit and distribution of a dividend out of legal reserves 2.1 Allocation of disposable profit FOR 10 2.2 Distribution of a dividend out of legal reserves (by way of release and allocation to a dividend reserve) FOR 11 3 Discharge of the Board of Directors FOR 13 4 Election of Auditors 4.1 Election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (Zurich) as our statutory auditor FOR 14 4.2 Ratification of appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (United States) as independent registered public accounting firm for purposes of U.S. securities law reporting FOR 14 4.3 Election of BDO AG (Zurich) as special audit firm FOR 16 5 Election of the Board of Directors FOR Each Nominee 17 6 Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors FOR 26 7 Election of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors FOR Each Nominee 28 8 Election of Homburger AG as independent proxy FOR 29 9 Renewal of a capital band for authorized share capital increases and reductions FOR 30 10 Approval of the Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated FOR 33 11 Approval of the compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management under Swiss law requirements 11.1 Maximum compensation of the Board of Directors until the next annual general meeting FOR 40 11.2 Maximum compensation of Executive Management for the 2027 calendar year FOR 41 11.3 Advisory vote to approve the Swiss compensation report FOR 43 12 Advisory vote to approve executive compensation under U.S. securities law requirements FOR 45 13 Approval of the Sustainability Report of Chubb Limited for the year ended December 31, 2025 FOR 47 2026 Proxy Statement | 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Director Nominee Information Director Nominee Information Our director nominee slate is comprised of 13 current members of our Board of Directors (the Board). Each director nominee stands for election to a one-year term annually. Our Board recommends a vote FOR each of the nominees listed below. See Agenda Item 5 for additional information on our director nominees. EXPECTED COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP Nominees Director Since Executive Audit Compensation Nominating Governance Risk Finance Evan G. Greenberg | 71 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chubb Limited 2002 CHAIR Michael P. Connors | 70 Independent Lead Director Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Information Services Group, Inc. 2011 Michael G. Atieh | 72 Retired Chief Financial and Business Officer, Ophthotech Corporation 1991 Nancy K. Buese | 56 Chief Financial Officer, CRH plc 2023 Nelson J. Chai | 60 Chief Executive Officer, DailyPay, LLC 2024 Michael L. Corbat | 65 Former Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc. 2023 Fred Hu | 62 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Primavera Capital Group 2025 Robert J. Hugin | 71 Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Celgene Corporation 2020 Robert W. Scully | 76 Retired Co-President, Morgan Stanley 2014 CHAIR Theodore E. Shasta | 75 Retired Partner, Wellington Management Company 2010 David H. Sidwell | 73 Retired Chief Financial Officer, Morgan Stanley 2014 CHAIR Olivier Steimer | 70 Former Chairman, Banque Cantonale Vaudoise 2008 CHAIR Frances F. Townsend | 64 Advisory Services, Frances Fragos Townsend, LLC 2020 CHAIR 3 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Board and Corporate Governance Highlights Board and Corporate Governance Highlights For detailed information on our Board and corporate governance practices and policies, see the Corporate Governance section of this proxy statement beginning on page 49 . Board Composition and Independence 93% independent directors (all except CEO) Independent Lead Director with significant and substantive powers and responsibilities All independent directors on Audit, Compensation, Nominating Governance and Risk Finance Committees Regular executive sessions of independent directors without the Chairman or other management present Board composition and skills matrix discussed and reviewed at each Nominating Governance Committee meeting. The Committee carefully considers relevant individual and collective criteria with a variety of complementary skill sets, qualifications, backgrounds and experiences Meaningful external commitment limitations for all directors; public company CEOs may not sit on more than one public company board (excluding Chubb), and no director may have more than four additional public company board and executive management affiliations Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Continuing education and training for all directors Board Tenure Board Oversight of Risk Shareholder Powers and Company Accountability Balance of shorter-, medium- and longer-serving directors providing a mix of perspectives and experiences. Six of our nominees (46%) have a tenure of 6 years or less and four have served 3 years or less (31%) Active Board and committee oversight of risk and enterprise risk management framework Our Board oversees management as it fulfills its responsibilities for the assessment and mitigation of risks and for taking appropriate risks Majority-vote requirement for directors Annual shareholder vote on the Chairman, as well as separate annual elections of directors and the Compensation Committee. The Board may not appoint directors to fill vacancies Shareholder ability to call a special meeting Annual binding votes on the maximum compensation of our directors and Executive Management Commitment to regular, productive and collaborative shareholder outreach Sustainability Governance and Reporting Succession Planning and Talent Management Nominating Governance Committee has Board-delegated oversight for our Corporate Citizenship activities and sustainability policies and initiatives, and other Board committees monitor and review sustainability matters in accordance with their charter responsibilities Comprehensive public reporting, including an annual Sustainability Report prepared in alignment, to the extent feasible, with the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) S-1 and S-2 Standards Nominating Governance Committee considers Board succession planning regularly, and seeks to identify candidates to serve evolving governance, strategic, regulatory and other Company needs Employee management and succession planning are full Board topics. The Board receives regular updates from senior management and actively monitors leadership succession plans and other human resource priorities such as talent retention, leadership development, hiring activity and diversity at the executive level and within the overall workforce Chairman and CEO succession plans under various scenarios are discussed and reviewed at least annually; discussions occur with the CEO as well as in executive sessions of solely independent directors 2026 Proxy Statement | 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Compensation Highlights Compensation Highlights For detailed information on our executive compensation program, policies and practices, including 2025 compensation decisions for our named executive officers, see the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement beginning on page 70 . How Our Compensation Program Works What We Reward Superior operating and financial performance, as measured against prior year, Board-approved plan and peers Achievement of strategic goals Superior underwriting and risk management in all our business activities How We Link Pay to Performance The core link is performance measured across 5 key metrics , evaluated comprehensively within the context of our operating environment Core operating income Core operating return on equity Core operating return on tangible equity P C combined ratio Tangible book value per share growth Total shareholder return (TSR) modifier Consideration of operational and strategic achievements, including leadership and execution of key non-financial objectives How We Paid Our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) The Compensation Committee assessed financial, strategic and operational performance, and took into account the Company s 2025 financial results, which reflected the best full-year financial performance in the Company s history, including record operating results and underwriting performance. The Committee considered results on an absolute basis and relative to peers, which demonstrated the Company s consistent growth and strong financial and operating results over the short-, medium- and long-term. These results underscored the Company s discipline, financial strength and delivery of value to shareholders. CEO TOTAL PAY OTHER NEO TOTAL PAY $34.0 million, up 13.5% vs. 2024 Down 6.3% on average vs. 2024; up 10.9% on average when excluding the compensation of John J. Lupica, who retired from his executive positions effective December 31, 2025 Further details on the compensation decisions for the CEO and other NEOs for 2025 performance are described in 2025 NEO Total Direct Compensation and Performance Summary beginning on page 85 . Compensation Profile Approximately 95% of the total direct compensation of our CEO and 88% of the total direct compensation of our other NEOs is variable or at-risk. The total direct compensation components for the 2025 performance year for our CEO and other NEOs are summarized in the charts below. Further detail is provided in 2025 NEO Total Direct Compensation and Performance Summary beginning on page 85 . When determining the final mix of pay for the CEO and other NEOs, the overall compensation package is weighted towards variable rather than fixed compensation, and towards long-term rather than short-term awards, in order to better link pay and performance and to align executive awards with the creation of long-term shareholder value. In line with this approach, long-term equity compensation of our CEO and other NEOs is typically 1.5 to 2.5 times the short-term annual cash bonus award. Performance-based equity awards (granted in the form of performance stock units (PSUs) and performance shares (PSAs)) cliff-vest after the end of a three-year period if certain performance criteria are satisfied. These awards comprise 100% of the annual long-term equity award for each of our NEOs. See How We Determine Total Direct Compensation Pay Mix Equity Compensation beginning on page 83 for details on our equity award criteria and vesting conditions. 5 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Compensation Highlights CEO Total Direct Compensation Other NEOs Total Direct Compensation 2025 Financial Highlights The Company delivered excellent financial performance for 2025, reflecting record operating results, including record earnings from each of our three primary sources of income (P C underwriting income, investment income and life segment income), superior underwriting performance as evidenced by a record low P C combined ratio, solid premium revenue growth, strong shareholder returns, and outstanding underlying fundamentals. Further detail is provided in 2025 Financial, Strategic and Operational Highlights: Why You Should Vote For Say-on-Pay on page 73 and Key Metrics Against Prior Year, Plan and Peers on page 75 in the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement. Certain financial measures above are not presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). More information on the rationale for the use of these measures and reconciliations to U.S. GAAP can be found in Non-GAAP Financial Measures . 2026 Proxy Statement | 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Compensation Highlights Our CEO Compensation Process Each year, the Compensation Committee conducts a comprehensive process to set a level of CEO compensation that is tied to the achievement of specific financial, operational and strategic goals, considered together with TSR, as reflected in the following summary for 2025: 1. Set CEO Compensation Range Determine total compensation parameters under various performance scenarios. 2. Set CEO Goals In the first quarter of 2025, the Compensation Committee approved financial, operational and strategic goals. Financial, Operational Strategic Scorecard Shareholder Value Financial Results (75%) Core operating income Core operating return on equity Core operating return on tangible equity P C combined ratio Tangible book value per share growth + Operational Strategic Goals (25%) Execution of growth initiatives Underwriting portfolio management actions Digital technology and data analytics capabilities Acquisition integration Business transformation Climate change and sustainability initiatives as an insurer and corporate citizen Talent management, development and succession Culture +/- Total Shareholder Return Modifier 1-year TSR performance 3-year TSR performance 3. Evaluate Performance vs. Goals In the first quarter of 2026, the Compensation Committee reviewed the Company s 2025 results on an absolute basis against prior year and plan and relative to the Financial Performance Peer Group, as well as underlying core performance including and excluding catastrophe losses. The Committee also assessed performance against non-financial operating and strategic goals. For 2025 compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee considered the Company s excellent financial results on an absolute basis and performance relative to the Financial Performance Peer Group. The Committee also recognized significant accomplishments and execution against operational and strategic goals. The Company s financial performance and operational and strategic achievements considered by the Compensation Committee are described in detail in 2025 Financial, Strategic and Operational Highlights: Why You Should Vote For Say-on-Pay on page 73 and Key Metrics Against Prior Year, Plan and Peers on page 75 in the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement. 4. Set Final CEO Compensation Based on the Company s absolute and relative performance, operational and strategic accomplishments, and long-term strategy execution, the Compensation Committee set a final 2025 CEO compensation value including base salary, annual cash bonus and long-term equity awards. 7 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Compensation Highlights Executive Compensation, Good Governance and Risk Management The Compensation Committee has taken steps to ensure that our executive compensation program aligns with our corporate values and culture by adopting policies and practices that hold executives accountable for individual and Company performance, discourage excessive risk-taking and ensure a stake in long-term Company performance. Substantial equity component to align pay with performance 100% of each NEO s annual equity award is subject to performance-based vesting Performance-based equity awards (PSUs/PSAs) have three-year cliff vesting and two operating metrics (tangible book value per share growth and P C combined ratio) that drive long-term shareholder value, with TSR used only as a modifier for premium awards Significant amount of at-risk pay (95% for CEO, 88% for other NEOs) Significant mandatory share ownership requirements (CEO 7X base salary; other NEOs 4X base salary) Independent compensation consultant at every Compensation Committee meeting Double trigger change in control for equity awards Detailed Company and individual performance criteria covering both financial and operational/strategic performance Robust insider trading and clawback policies, including recovery of cash bonus and both time-based and performance-based equity, vested and unvested, in certain circumstances Peer groups reevaluated at least annually Annual compensation risk assessment Employment agreements with non-competition and non-solicitation terms for Executive Management Compensation Committee considers shareholder feedback in evaluating compensation program and disclosure No hedging of Chubb securities No new pledging of Chubb shares owned by executive officers or directors No excessive perquisites for executives No special tax gross-ups for NEOs No repricing or exchange of underwater stock options No options backdating No multi-year guaranteed bonuses No disproportionate supplemental pensions No annual pro-rata vesting of performance-based equity awards or second chance look back vesting 2026 Proxy Statement | 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 1 Approval of the Management Report, Standalone Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements of Chubb Limited for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to approve Chubb Limited s management report, standalone financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. Explanation Under Swiss law, our management report, standalone financial statements and consolidated financial statements must be submitted to shareholders for approval at each annual general meeting. These items are all included in the Chubb Limited Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the Annual Report), which is part of the proxy materials we provide. Specifically, the Annual Report contains: Chubb Limited s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025; the standalone Swiss statutory financial statements of Chubb Limited (which do not consolidate Chubb Limited s subsidiaries); the Swiss statutory compensation report of Chubb Limited (the Swiss Compensation Report); the reports of our statutory auditor and independent registered public accounting firm; and information on the Company s business, organization and strategy (which forms the management report as defined under Swiss law). The Company s statutory auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers AG, Zurich, Switzerland, has issued an unqualified recommendation to the Annual General Meeting that Chubb Limited s statutory financial statements be approved. PricewaterhouseCoopers AG has expressed its opinion that the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 comply with Swiss law and the Company s Articles of Association. PricewaterhouseCoopers AG has also issued an unqualified recommendation that the Company s consolidated financial statements be approved. PricewaterhouseCoopers AG has expressed its opinion that the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Chubb Limited as of December 31, 2025, and the results of operations and the cash flows for the year then ended, in accordance with U.S. GAAP and comply with Swiss law, and has reported on other legal requirements. Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers AG are expected to be present at the Annual General Meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if they wish and will also be available to answer questions. What Happens If Shareholders Do Not Approve This Proposal? If shareholders do not approve this proposal, then shareholders would be precluded from approving the allocation of disposable profit and distribution of a dividend as set out in Agenda Items 2.1 and 2.2. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Company s management report, standalone financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. 9 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 2 Allocation of Disposable Profit and Distribution of a Dividend out of Legal Reserves (by Way of Release and Allocation to a Dividend Reserve) 2.1 Allocation of Disposable Profit Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to approve that the Company s disposable profit (including the profit for the year and the other items as shown below and on Chubb Limited s standalone Swiss statutory financial statements) be carried forward. The following table shows the appropriation of available earnings as proposed by the Board of Directors for the year ended December 31, 2025: (in millions of Swiss francs) Balance brought forward 21,682 Profit for the year 4,237 Cancellation of treasury shares (1,785 ) Attribution to reserve for treasury shares 299 Balance carried forward 24,433 Explanation Under Swiss law, the allocation of the Company s profit or loss must be submitted to shareholders for approval at each annual general meeting. Our Board of Directors continues to believe that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to retain our earnings for future investment in the growth of our business, for share repurchases, for the possible acquisition of other companies or lines of business, and for dividends out of legal reserves as described in this proxy statement. The Company s statutory auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers AG, has confirmed, in its audit report on the standalone Swiss statutory financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025, that the proposed appropriation of available earnings complies with Swiss law and the Company s Articles of Association. Accordingly, the Board is proposing that all retained earnings at the disposal of the Annual General Meeting be carried forward. The Board is also proposing a dividend to shareholders under Agenda Item 2.2. What Happens If Shareholders Do Not Approve This Proposal? If the shareholders do not approve this proposal, then the Board will consider the reasons the shareholders did not approve the proposal, if known, and will call an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for reconsideration of the proposal or a revised proposal. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the appropriation of retained earnings without distribution of a dividend at the time of the Annual General Meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement | 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 2 2.2. Distribution of a Dividend Out of Legal Reserves (by Way of Release and Allocation to a Dividend Reserve) Explanation Our Board of Directors is requesting shareholder approval for an annual dividend of up to USD $4.08 per share (the Annual Dividend), to be paid in installments as determined by the Board of Directors from a separate dividend reserve account. The amount reflects an annual dividend increase from prior year of USD $0.20 per Chubb Limited Common Share, par value CHF 0.50 per share (a Common Share). The separate dividend account would be set in CHF in accordance with our Swiss statutory financial statements and Swiss law. Dividend Reserve Under this proposed process for a dividend, shareholders fix an aggregate CHF amount to be released from our capital contribution reserves account, a sub-account of legal reserves, and allocated to a special dividend reserve account (the Dividend Reserve), where the amount will be available for the payment of dividends. Payment of the dividend in this manner is not subject to Swiss withholding tax. Our Board of Directors proposes that the maximum amount legally available to pay the annual dividend be CHF 2.5 billion. While dividend payments would reduce the Dividend Reserve on our Swiss statutory balance sheet, the payments are not required to be sourced from CHF-denominated assets; in fact, we typically source dividend payments from assets already denominated in USD or equivalent, thereby avoiding currency exchange expense. Annual Dividend and Board Discretion Following shareholder approval, the Board of Directors is authorized to use the Dividend Reserve to distribute the Annual Dividend to shareholders in installments up to a maximum of USD $4.08 per share. The Board will determine the record and payment dates at which the Annual Dividend may be paid (or, if circumstances warrant, refrain from paying it) in one or more installments, until the date of the 2027 annual general meeting. The Board currently expects to pay the full USD $4.08 per share of the Annual Dividend in four equal quarterly installments of USD $1.02 each. The total amount of dividends paid is limited to the amount of the Dividend Reserve expressed in Swiss Francs, which is required under Swiss law. The amount of the proposed Dividend Reserve is high enough to permit payment of the full USD $4.08 per share Annual Dividend, even if there are material currency fluctuations between the Swiss franc and the U.S. dollar or the Company issues new shares. Should, however, these fluctuations or new share issuances result in payouts of the Annual Dividend that exceed the Dividend Reserve, the Annual Dividend s installments would have to be capped accordingly. In the unlikely event that the Annual Dividend must be cut back in this way, our Board would propose payment of the unpaid amount in the dividend proposal at the next annual general meeting or call an extraordinary general meeting for that purpose. Agenda Item Our Board of Directors proposes: (a) that an aggregate amount equal to CHF 2,500,000,000 be released from the capital contribution reserves account, a sub-account of legal reserves, and allocated to a segregated dividend reserve account from capital contribution reserves (Dividend Reserve), and (b) to distribute a dividend to the shareholders up to an aggregate amount totaling USD $4.08 per Common Share from, and limited at a maximum to the amount of, the Dividend Reserve in one or more installments, in such amounts and on such record and payment dates as determined by the Board in its discretion. If the Board of Directors deems it advisable for the Company, the Board of Directors shall be authorized to abstain (in whole or in part) from distributing a dividend in its discretion. The authorization of the Board of Directors to distribute the installments from the Dividend Reserve will expire on the date of the 2027 annual general meeting, on which date any balance remaining in the Dividend Reserve will be automatically reallocated to the capital contribution reserves account of legal reserves. 11 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 2 What Happens If Shareholders Do Not Approve This Proposal? If the shareholders do not approve this proposal, then the Company will be prohibited from paying a dividend to shareholders. In such a case, the Board will consider the reasons the shareholders did not approve the proposal, if known, and may call an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for reconsideration of the proposal or a revised proposal. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the payment of dividends from legal reserves as described above. 2026 Proxy Statement | 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 3 Discharge of the Board of Directors Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to discharge the Board of Directors for the financial year ended December 31, 2025. Explanation As is customary for Swiss corporations and in accordance with Article 698, para. 2, no. 7 of the Swiss Code of Obligations as well as Article 9, no. 4 of our Articles of Association, shareholders are requested to discharge the members of the Board of Directors from liability for their activities during the year ended December 31, 2025. This discharge is not for liability relating to facts that have not been disclosed to shareholders. Registered shareholders that do not vote in favor of this agenda item are not bound by the result for a period ending 12 months after the Annual General Meeting. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes, blank or invalid ballots or the votes of any member of or nominee to the Company s Board of Directors, any executive officer of the Company or any votes represented by the Company, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the agenda item to discharge the members of the Board of Directors from liability for activities during the financial year ended December 31, 2025. 13 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 4 Election of Auditors 4.1 Election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (Zurich) as Our Statutory Auditor Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to elect PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (Zurich) as the Company s statutory auditor for the financial year ending December 31, 2026. Explanation Our shareholders must elect an audit firm supervised by the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority as statutory auditor. The statutory auditor s main task is to audit the standalone statutory financial statements and consolidated financial statements of Chubb Limited. Our Board of Directors has recommended that PricewaterhouseCoopers AG, Birchstrasse 160, CH-8050 Zurich, Switzerland (PwC AG), be elected as our statutory auditor. See Agenda Item 4.2 for independent auditor fee information and information on our pre-approval policy of audit and non-audit services. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (Zurich) as the Company s statutory auditor for the financial year ending December 31, 2026. 4.2 Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (United States) as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Purposes of U.S. Securities Law Reporting Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the financial year ending December 31, 2026. Explanation Our Board of Directors and the Audit Committee recommend that our shareholders ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Two Commerce Square, Suite 1800, 2001 Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 19103, United States (PwC LLP), an affiliate of PwC AG, as our independent registered public accounting firm for purposes of U.S. securities law reporting. The Audit Committee recommends the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm to the Board for ratification by our shareholders annually. 2026 Proxy Statement | 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 4 Our Audit Committee evaluates the qualification, performance and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm and periodically considers auditor rotation. In determining whether to reappoint the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee takes into consideration a number of factors, including the length of time the firm has been engaged, the quality of the Audit Committee s ongoing discussions with the firm, the firm s global capabilities and depth of understanding of our businesses, and an assessment of the professional qualifications and past performance of the lead audit partner and their global audit team. The Audit Committee also evaluates the appropriateness of fees for audit and non-audit services, and reviews and approves both the audit scope and estimated fees for professional services for the coming year as well as the related pre-approval policy described below. Additionally, the Audit Committee reviews and approves the integrated annual joint audit plan prepared by PwC LLP and the Company s internal auditor. PwC LLP (or its predecessor Coopers Lybrand LLP) has had a working association with the Company, and has had the responsibility for examining the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, since 1985. Representatives of PwC LLP are expected to be present at the Annual General Meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if they wish and will also be available to answer questions. Independent Auditor Fee Information The following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by PwC AG, PwC LLP and their affiliates, which we collectively refer to as PwC, for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for 2025 and 2024, and fees for other services rendered by PwC for such periods: 2025 2024 Audit fees (1) $ 33,932,000 $ 35,208,000 Audit-related fees (2) 1,974,000 2,226,000 Tax fees (3) 1,912,000 1,895,000 All other fees (4) 244,000 393,000 Total $ 38,062,000 $ 39,722,000 The fees in the table above include out-of-pocket expenses incurred by PwC and billed to the Company in connection with these services of $800,000 for both 2025 and 2024. (1) Audit fees were for professional services rendered in connection with: the integrated audits of our consolidated financial statements and internal controls over financial reporting, the statutory and U.S. GAAP audits of various subsidiaries, and comfort letters and consents issued in connection with registration statements that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). (2) Audit-related fees were primarily for regulatory reporting and internal controls. This total includes fees for internal control reviews ($524,000 for 2025 and $604,000 for 2024). (3) Tax fees were for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance ($835,000 for 2025 and $974,000 for 2024), and tax planning ($1,077,000 for 2025 and $921,000 for 2024). (4) All other fees were for professional services and expenses rendered in connection with software licensure fees ($2,000 for 2025 and $6,000 for 2024), industry market research and survey services ($8,000 for both 2025 and 2024), and various compliance and other projects ($234,000 for 2025 and $379,000 for 2024). Pre-Approval Policy of Audit and Non-Audit Services The Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures for the pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditor, PwC. The Audit Committee considers, among other things, whether the provision of specific non-audit services is permissible under existing law and whether it is consistent with maintaining the auditor s independence. Before engaging independent auditors for the next year s audit, management will submit a list of services and related fees expected to be incurred during that year to the Audit Committee for approval. The Audit Committee will review, and if it deems appropriate, pre-approve and ratify the budgeted amount of fees within each of the categories and require management and the auditor to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout the year by category of service. Either the Audit Committee Chair or the entire Audit Committee must pre-approve the provision of any significant additional audit and non-audit fees in excess of the budgeted amount. If the Audit Committee Chair pre-approves such amounts, it is reported to the entire Audit Committee at its next meeting. All fees related to internal control work are pre-approved by the Audit Committee before such services are rendered. The Audit Committee approved all of the 2025 and 2024 fees described on this page pursuant to its pre-approval policies and procedures. The Audit Committee also reviewed, at its November 2025 meeting, the audit services and non-audit services budgeted fees for 2026. The Audit Committee also reviewed all non-audit services provided in 2025 and concluded that the provision of such services was compatible with the maintenance of PwC s independence in the conduct of its audit functions. Please see the Audit Committee Report included in this proxy statement for additional information about our Audit Committee and PwC. 15 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 4 Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (United States) as independent registered public accounting firm for purposes of U.S. securities law reporting for the financial year ending December 31, 2026. 4.3 Election of BDO AG (Zurich) as Special Audit Firm Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to elect BDO AG, Schiffbaustrasse 2, CH-8031 Zurich, Switzerland as the Company s special audit firm until our next annual general meeting. Explanation Under Swiss law, special reports by an audit firm supervised by the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority are required in connection with certain corporate transactions, including certain types of increases in share capital. Because of the auditor independence requirements under U.S. federal securities laws, PwC AG cannot act as our special audit firm with respect to certain types of capital increases. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of BDO AG (Zurich) as the Company s special audit firm until our next annual general meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement | 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 Election of the Board of Directors Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to elect each of the director nominees listed below individually to the Board of Directors until our next annual general meeting. Explanation Under Swiss law and our Articles of Association, our shareholders elect all of our directors annually; our Board cannot appoint directors. For information about our Board of Directors and nominees, please see their biographical information in this agenda item and the Corporate Governance section of this proxy statement. Our Director Nominating Process and Criteria for Board Membership Our Nominating Governance Committee regularly reviews the composition of the Board versus the needs for governing our Company. Based on its assessment, the Committee recommends director nominees to the Board. The Committee takes its duties to evaluate Board composition very seriously and carefully considers relevant individual and collective criteria with a variety of complementary skill sets, qualifications, backgrounds and experiences. We believe this results in a set of candidates whose individual and collective attributes best suit the Company and its complex financial, strategic, operational, governance, regulatory, risk management and other priorities. Our Nominating Governance Committee considers director candidates who have a proven record of professional success and demonstrate a capacity for critical thinking, an ability to conceptualize and a willingness to engage in constructive and active dialogue as a listener and contributor. Directors should have deep expertise in an area or areas of importance to the Company and generally a broad capability to provide thoughtful and insightful counsel to the Company s senior management. Our directors are expected to be compatible with our Company s and the Board s culture, including the capacity to work collegially and cooperatively, to adhere to the highest standards of professional conduct and integrity, and to devote substantial time and energy to carrying out their Board responsibilities. Directors should have knowledge and experience, either as an executive or a director, with corporate governance, including an understanding of, and a commitment to, satisfying a director s duties of care and loyalty to the Company. The overall composition of the Board should include directors who collectively exhibit extensive experience and expertise in the following criteria. 17 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 Board Criteria Matrix CEO or Similar Leadership Demonstrated leadership qualities including setting corporate strategy, executing successful growth strategies and developing talent Financial Services and Insurance Industry General understanding of financial services markets and industry dynamics, including regulatory considerations; knowledge of insurance industry core business operations, strategy, financial measures, risk assessment, risk management and competition International Business Knowledge of global business operations, experience in a variety of international markets, and understanding of multi-jurisdictional issues Financial Literacy Expertise regarding financial statements, public company accounting, internal controls, audit functions and domestic and international tax matters Technology, IT Security and Cyber Risk Experience and knowledge regarding a full range of technology issues including information technology systems and resources, digitalization, artificial intelligence (AI) and cybersecurity Public Policy/Government Affairs/Regulation Knowledge and experience at a senior level in domestic political affairs or geopolitics; familiarity with governmental and regulatory processes and the impact of government actions on the Company s business Marketing and Branding Experience with consumer marketing and global corporate branding, including digital and multi-media marketing and related communication strategies Corporate Governance Experience with public company governance, including shareholder rights, and board oversight responsibilities and limitations; understanding of the Company s external and internal compliance obligations and commitment to ethical business conduct Human Resources Experience with public company human resources issues including executive compensation, succession planning, talent development and managing a global workforce The above list is neither definitive nor exhaustive. Our Nominating Governance Committee may consider these criteria and other additional criteria from time to time, and may adjust the importance of certain criteria based on factors including current Board composition and evolving business, strategic, governance, regulatory and other considerations. 2026 Proxy Statement | 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 Our Director Nominees Our Board of Directors has nominated a slate of 13 nominees, all of whom are current members of the Board. All elected directors will serve a one-year term from the 2026 Annual General Meeting until our next annual general meeting. There will be a separate vote on each nominee. Biographical information for each of the nominees is included below. One of our current directors, Sheila P. Burke, is retiring from our Board of Directors at the expiration of her term as of the Annual General Meeting and is not standing for re-election. We thank Ms. Burke for her exemplary service on our Board of Directors. Our Nominating Governance Committee regularly considers and will continue to assess Board size, tenure and refreshment. We believe 13 directors is the appropriate size for the Board at this time. Evan G. Greenberg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chubb Limited Age: 71 Years of Service: 24 (since 2002) Committee Memberships: Executive (Chairman) Experience, Skills and Qualifications Evan G. Greenberg is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Limited. Mr. Greenberg was elected President and Chief Executive Officer in May 2004 and Chairman of the Board of Directors in May 2007. Under his leadership, Chubb has grown to become one of the largest insurance companies in the world. Mr. Greenberg joined the company, then named ACE Limited, in 2001 as Vice Chairman. Previously, he served 25 years at American International Group, Inc., including as President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Greenberg is engaged in international economic and foreign affairs through his service on the boards of several institutions, including the Board of Trustees of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, the Board of Directors of the Peterson Institute for International Economics, and as Executive Vice Chair of the National Committee on United States-China Relations. He also supports the environment and education as a member of the Board of Trustees of the National Geographic Society and the Advisory Board of Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management (Tsinghua SEM) in Beijing. Mr. Greenberg has a long and distinguished record of leadership and achievement in the insurance industry. He has been our Chief Executive Officer since 2004. Over the course of 50 years in the insurance industry, he has held various underwriting and leadership positions in the global property, casualty and life insurance sectors. Mr. Greenberg s record of managing large and complex insurance operations and the skills he developed in his various roles suit him for his role as a director of the Company and Chairman of the Board, in addition to his Chief Executive Officer position. Michael P. Connors Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Information Services Group, Inc. Independent Lead Director Age: 70 Years of Service: 15 (since 2011) Committee Memberships: Compensation, Nominating Governance, Executive Experience, Skills and Qualifications Michael P. Connors is the founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Information Services Group, Inc. (technology insights, market intelligence and advisory services company). Mr. Connors served as a member of the Executive Board of VNU N.V. (worldwide media and marketing information company) following the merger of ACNielsen into VNU in 2001 until 2005, and he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of VNU Media Measurement Information Group and Chairman of VNU World Directories until 2005. He previously was Vice Chairman of the Board of ACNielsen (global marketing research firm) from its spin-off from the Dun Bradstreet Corporation in 1996 until 2001, was Senior Vice President of American Express Travel Related Services from 1989 to 1995, and before that was a Corporate Vice President of Sprint Corporation (telecommunications provider). Mr. Connors was previously a member of the Board of Directors of Eastman Chemical Company. Mr. Connors is a successful chief executive officer, who brings to the Board substantial corporate management experience in a variety of industries as well as expertise in marketing, media and public relations through his high-level positions at marketing and information-based companies. Mr. Connors skills are enhanced through his current and past experience serving on several public company boards, which furthers his ability to provide valued oversight and guidance to the Company as independent Lead Director and strategies to inform the Board s general decision-making, particularly with respect to management development, executive compensation and other human resources issues, as well as information technology matters. He has also served as the chair of two compensation committees. 19 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 Michael G. Atieh Retired Chief Financial and Business Officer, Ophthotech Corporation Age: 72 Years of Service: 35 (since 1991) Committee Memberships: Risk Finance Experience, Skills and Qualifications Michael G. Atieh served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Business Officer of Ophthotech Corporation (biopharmaceutical company) from September 2014 until March 2016. Prior to that, from February 2009 until its acquisition in February 2012, Mr. Atieh was Executive Chairman of Eyetech Inc. (private specialty pharmaceutical company), and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OSI Pharmaceuticals from June 2005 until December 2008. Mr. Atieh is currently a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Immatics N.V. (clinical stage biopharmaceutical company). Mr. Atieh served as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Oyster Point Pharma, Inc. from October 2020 to January 2023, a member of the Board of Directors of electroCore, Inc. (medical technology company) from June 2018 to June 2022, a member of the Board of Directors of Theravance Biopharma, Inc. from June 2014 to April 2015, and as a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from June 2003 to May 2005. Previously, Mr. Atieh served at Dendrite International, Inc. (software provider) as Group President from January 2002 to February 2004 and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2000 to December 2001. He also served as Vice President of U.S. Human Health, a division of Merck Co., Inc., from January 1999 to September 2000, as Senior Vice President Merck-Medco Managed Care, L.L.C., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck, from April 1994 to December 1998, as Vice President Public Affairs of Merck from January 1994 to April 1994 and as Treasurer of Merck from April 1990 to December 1993. Mr. Atieh brings a wealth of diverse business experience to the Board, which he gained as a senior executive in a Fortune 50 company, large and small biotechnology companies, and technology and pharmaceutical service companies. His experience in finance includes serving as a chief financial officer, developing and executing financing strategies for large acquisitions, and subsequently leading the integration efforts of newly acquired companies. He was an audit manager at Ernst Young and has served as chair of the audit committee of Chubb and other public companies. Mr. Atieh also has deep knowledge of sales and operations gained from over a decade of experience in these disciplines, with extensive customer-facing responsibilities that also contribute to his value as a director. Mr. Atieh has served as a member of our Board since 1991 and has significant experience and understanding of the Company s business, growth, development, evolution and major risk, financial, operational and strategic considerations. His in-depth knowledge of the Company and its history adds significant value to our Board, particularly in supporting the development of our newer directors. Nancy K. Buese Chief Financial Officer, CRH plc Age: 56 Years of Service: 3 (since 2023) Committee Memberships: Audit Experience, Skills and Qualifications Nancy K. Buese has served as Chief Financial Officer of CRH plc (building materials company) since May 2025. Ms. Buese previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Baker Hughes Company (supplier of products and services to the energy industry) from November 2022 to February 2025, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Newmont Corporation (precious metals and mining) from October 2016 to November 2022. Before her role at Newmont, Ms. Buese was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MPLX (energy company), and prior to MPLX s acquisition of MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. in 2015, Ms. Buese served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MarkWest for 11 years. Ms. Buese is a certified public accountant and a former partner with Ernst Young. Ms. Buese was a director of The Williams Companies, Inc., from 2018 to 2023, and from 2009 to 2017 served as a director and chaired the audit committee of UMB Financial Corporation. Ms. Buese s significant financial and financial reporting knowledge and more than 25 years in finance leadership roles, including as a public company chief financial officer, audit committee chair, and certified public accountant, brings substantial value to our Board of Directors. Additionally, her extensive executive management and board experience in the energy industry provides our Board with a unique perspective and insight on environmental and sustainability matters for the Company as both an insurer and corporate citizen. 2026 Proxy Statement | 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 Nelson J. Chai Chief Executive Officer, DailyPay, LLC Age: 60 Years of Service: 2 (since 2024) Committee Memberships: Audit Experience, Skills and Qualifications Nelson J. Chai has served as Chief Executive Officer of DailyPay, LLC (worktech and earned wage access platform) since October 2025, and as a member of its board of directors since January 2025. Mr. Chai was non-executive chairman of DailyPay from January 2025 to October 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Chai served as Chief Financial Officer of Uber Technologies Inc. (rideshare and logistics technology platform) from September 2018 to December 2023. From 2017 to 2018, Mr. Chai was President and Chief Executive Officer of The Warranty Group (warranty solutions and underwriting services provider), and from 2010 to 2015 served in a variety of senior management roles at CIT Group, Inc. (financial services company), including President from 2011 to 2015 and Chairman of CIT Bank NA from 2014 to 2015. Prior to CIT Group, Mr. Chai held senior management positions at Bank of America Corporation and Merrill Lynch Co., including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to 2008. Mr. Chai served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NYSE Euronext, Inc. and its predecessor company NYSE Group, Inc. from 2006 through 2007. Since 2010, Mr. Chai has served on the board of directors of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (global provider of scientific instruments, software and laboratory services). Mr. Chai s extensive experience in financial and executive leadership roles at global technology and financial services companies make him a valuable contributor to our Board. His background, including as a public company chief financial officer, adds significant value in overseeing and providing guidance to management on financial and accounting matters and corporate strategy generally. Michael L. Corbat Former Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc. Age: 65 Years of Service: 3 (since 2023) Committee Memberships: Compensation, Nominating Governance Experience, Skills and Qualifications Michael L. Corbat served as Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup Inc. (global banking and financial services) from October 2012 until March 2021. Mr. Corbat held a number of key executive management positions in his nearly 40-year career at Citigroup, in which he gained experience in substantially all of Citi s business operations, including Chief Executive Officer of Europe, Middle East and Africa from December 2011 to October 2012, Chief Executive Officer of Citi Holdings from January 2009 to December 2011, Chief Executive Officer of Citi Global Wealth Management from September 2008 to January 2009, and prior to that Head of the Global Corporate and Global Commercial Bank and Head of the Global Relationship Bank. In 2022, Mr. Corbat joined 26North Partners, a private investment firm, as a Senior Advisor, and founded Teton Advisors LLC, a private consulting business. Mr. Corbat previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of Citigroup Inc. from 2012 to 2021, and is also a former member of The Clearing House Association (including Chairman of the Supervisory Board), Financial Services Forum (including Vice Chairman), Bank Policy Institute (Member), The Partnership for New York City (Executive Committee Member), The Business Council (Member), Business Roundtable (Member), International Business Council of WEF (Member), and The U.S. Ski Snowboard Team Foundation (Trustee). Mr. Corbat is an experienced financial services executive and finance professional with extensive understanding and expertise in the areas of financial services, risk management, financial reporting, institutional business, corporate and consumer businesses, employee management, regulatory and compliance, and corporate affairs. His experience as a chief executive officer of a large and highly regulated public global financial services company provides significant and valued insight to our Board and management on a multitude of multifaceted and complex operational, regulatory, strategic and international issues and opportunities facing the Company. 21 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 Fred Hu Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Primavera Capital Group Age: 62 Years of Service: 1 (since 2025) Committee Memberships: Risk Finance Experience, Skills and Qualifications Fred Hu has been the Chairman and CEO of Primavera Capital Group (Asia-based private investment firm) since he founded the company in 2010. Prior to that he was a partner and Chairman of Greater China at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (investment banking and financial services). Mr. Hu is currently Chairman of the Board of Yum China Holdings Inc. (restaurant holding company) and a member of the Board of Directors of UBS Group AG (financial services). He previously served as co-director of the National Center for Economic Research and a professor at Tsinghua University. Mr. Hu also served as a director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited from April 2019 to April 2025, of Ant Group from August 2020 to March 2022, of Hang Seng Bank Limited from May 2011 to May 2018, and of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited from November 2014 to April 2021. He previously served as an economist at the International Monetary Fund, on the Hong Kong Government s Strategic Development Committee, and the Advisory Committee for the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. Mr. Hu obtained his doctoral degree in economics from Harvard University. Mr. Hu brings to our Board significant business, executive, strategic development, public policy, government and international affairs experience. His expertise and strong background in Asia, particularly in China, also provides the Board with valuable insights and perspectives on a key growth region for the Company. In addition, Mr. Hu brings valuable corporate leadership experience as well as expertise in economics, finance and global capital markets. Robert J. Hugin Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Celgene Corporation Age: 71 Years of Service: 6 (since 2020) Committee Memberships: Risk Finance Experience, Skills and Qualifications Robert J. Hugin served as Chief Executive Officer of Celgene Corporation (a biopharmaceutical company) from June 2010 until March 2016, as Chairman of its Board of Directors from June 2011 to March 2016 and as Executive Chairman from March 2016 to January 2018. Prior to June 2016, Mr. Hugin held a number of management roles at Celgene, including President from May 2006 to July 2014, Chief Operating Officer from May 2006 to June 2010 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from June 1999 to May 2006. Prior to that, Mr. Hugin was a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan Co. Inc., which he joined in 1985. Mr. Hugin is currently a director of Biohaven, Ltd. (pharmaceutical company). Mr. Hugin has previously served as a director of Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. (pharmaceutical company), Allergan plc (multispecialty health care company), Danaher Corporation (science and technology company) and The Medicines Company (pharmaceutical company). Mr. Hugin brings significant and extensive executive leadership to our Board. His experience as a chief executive officer and his outside board service enables him to provide valuable insight on complex business and financial matters and guidance to our management on strategy. In addition, his role as chairman and chief executive of a global public company provides a depth of knowledge in handling a broad array of complex operational, regulatory and international issues. 2026 Proxy Statement | 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 Robert W. Scully Retired Co-President, Morgan Stanley Age: 76 Years of Service: 12 (since 2014) Committee Memberships: Audit (Chair), Executive Experience, Skills and Qualifications Robert W. Scully was a member of the Office of the Chairman of Morgan Stanley from 2007 until his retirement in 2009, where he had previously been Co-President of the firm, Chairman of global capital markets and Vice Chairman of investment banking. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley in 1996, he served as a managing director at Lehman Brothers and at Salomon Brothers Inc. Mr. Scully is currently a director of KKR Co. Inc. (private equity and asset management). Previously, Mr. Scully was a Public Governor of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and a director of Zoetis Inc., UBS Group AG, Bank of America Corporation, GMAC Financial Services and MSCI Inc. Mr. Scully s lengthy career in the global financial services industry brings expertise in capital markets activities and, of particular note, risk management to the Board. Mr. Scully has a broad range of experience with oversight stemming from his extensive service as a director; he has served or is serving on four other organizations audit committees (including FINRA), three companies compensation committees, a risk committee and a nominating and governance committee. Mr. Scully s experience with and knowledge of talent development and strategic initiatives are also important to the Board. Theodore E. Shasta Retired Partner, Wellington Management Company Age: 75 Years of Service: 16 (since 2010) Committee Memberships: Audit Experience, Skills and Qualifications Theodore E. Shasta has served as a Director of MBIA, Inc. (financial guarantee insurance provider) since 2009, and also serves as the Chair of its Audit Committee and a member of its Finance and Risk Committee, Compensation and Governance Committee and Executive Committee. Mr. Shasta was formerly a Senior Vice President and Partner of Wellington Management Company (global investment advisor). Mr. Shasta joined Wellington Management Company in 1996 and specialized in the financial analysis of publicly-traded insurance companies and retired in June 2009. Prior to joining Wellington Management Company, Mr. Shasta was a Senior Vice President of Loomis, Sayles Company (investment management). Before that, he served in various capacities with Dewey Square Investors and Bank of Boston. In total, Mr. Shasta spent 25 years covering the insurance industry as a financial analyst. Mr. Shasta s history of working in the financial services industry, as well as in the property and casualty insurance arena, brings valuable insight to the Board from the investor perspective. His years of analysis of companies like Chubb and its peer group provide him with deep knowledge of particular business and financial issues we face. His financial acumen and industry knowledge make him a valuable contributor to the Audit Committee. Mr. Shasta has been a Chartered Financial Analyst since 1986. 23 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 David H. Sidwell Retired Chief Financial Officer, Morgan Stanley Age: 73 Years of Service: 12 (since 2014) Committee Memberships: Nominating Governance (Chair), Compensation, Executive Experience, Skills and Qualifications David H. Sidwell was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Morgan Stanley from March 2004 to October 2007, when he retired. From 1984 to March 2004, Mr. Sidwell worked for JPMorgan Chase Co. in a variety of financial and operating positions, most recently as Chief Financial Officer of JPMorgan Chase s investment bank from January 2000 to March 2004. Prior to joining JP Morgan in 1984, Mr. Sidwell was with Price Waterhouse LLP, a major public accounting firm, from 1975 to 1984, where he was qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Mr. Sidwell was Senior Independent Director of UBS Group AG until April 2020 and was a director of the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) until October 2016. Mr. Sidwell has a strong background in accounting, finance and capital markets, as well as the regulation of financial institutions. He also has considerable expertise in risk management from chairing the risk committee of a public company and his executive positions. Mr. Sidwell further contributes experience in executive compensation and corporate governance from his service on the committees of other public company boards. This comprehensive range of experience contributes greatly to his value as a Board member. Olivier Steimer Former Chairman, Banque Cantonale Vaudoise Age: 70 Years of Service: 18 (since 2008) Committee Memberships: Risk Finance (Chair), Executive Experience, Skills and Qualifications Olivier Steimer was Chairman of the Board of Banque Cantonale Vaudoise from October 2002 until December 2017. Previously, he worked for the Credit Suisse Group from 1983 to 2002, with his most recent position at that organization being Chief Executive Officer, Private Banking International, and member of the Group Executive Board. Mr. Steimer has served since January 2018 on the Board of Bank Lombard Odier Co. Ltd. (a Swiss private bank) and was a member of the Board of Allreal Holding AG (Swiss real estate manager and developer) from 2013 to 2025. From 2009 to 2021, he served as a member, and from 2012 to 2021 as Vice Chairman, of the Bank Council of Swiss National Bank. He was Chairman of the foundation board of the Swiss Finance Institute until June 2017. From 2003, he served as a member, and from 2010 to 2014 as Vice Chairman, of the Board of Directors of SBB CFF FFS (the Swiss national railway company), and, from 2009 until 2012, he was the Chairman of the Board of Piguet Galland Cie SA. (a Swiss private bank). Mr. Steimer is a Swiss citizen. Mr. Steimer has a strong background of leadership in chairman and chief executive officer roles. He has deep knowledge of sophisticated banking and finance matters derived from his extensive experience in the financial services industry. As a Swiss company, Chubb benefits specifically from Mr. Steimer being a Swiss citizen and resident, and his insight into the Swiss commercial and insurance arenas provides valuable perspective to the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement | 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 5 FRANCES F. TOWNSEND Advisory Services, Frances Fragos Townsend, LLC Age: 64 Years of Service: 6 (since 2020) Committee Memberships: Compensation (Chair), Nominating Governance, Executive Experience, Skills and Qualifications Frances F. Townsend currently runs her own independent corporate consulting business, Frances Fragos Townsend, LLC. From December 2020 until November 2023, Ms. Townsend served in a variety of roles at Activision Blizzard (interactive gaming and entertainment), including Executive Vice President for Corporate Affairs, Corporate Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer and Senior Counsel. From October 2010 to December 2020, Ms. Townsend served at MacAndrews Forbes Incorporated (a diversified holding company). At the time of her departure she was Vice Chairman, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer. From April 2009 to October 2010, Ms. Townsend was a partner at the law firm of Baker Botts LLP. From May 2004 until January 2008, Ms. Townsend served as Assistant to President George W. Bush for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism and chaired the U.S. Homeland Security Council. She also served as Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor for Combating Terrorism from May 2003 to May 2004. Prior to serving the President, Ms. Townsend was the first Assistant Commandant for Intelligence for the U.S. Coast Guard and spent 13 years at the U.S. Department of Justice in various senior positions. Ms. Townsend is a board member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission, and is currently the Chair of the Board of Leonardo DRS, Inc. (defense contractor) and a director of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (international mining company). Ms. Townsend previously served as a director of Scientific Games Corporation (now Light Wonder Inc.), SciPlay Corporation and The Western Union Company. Ms. Townsend brings to the board extensive public policy, government, regulatory and legal experience as well as a strong background in domestic and international affairs, risk management, strategic planning and intelligence and security matters (including cybersecurity). Ms. Townsend also has significant leadership experience through her various roles in U.S. government, including as chair of the U.S. Homeland Security Council. Ms. Townsend s public board experience also contributes to her value as a director. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to elect each of the above nominees in this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of Directors of each of the above nominees. 25 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 6 Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to elect Evan G. Greenberg as Chairman of the Board of Directors until our next annual general meeting. Explanation Under Swiss law and our Articles of Association, the authority to elect the Chair of our Board of Directors is vested with our shareholders, who elect a Chair annually from the directors elected under Agenda Item 5. With the recommendation of our Nominating Governance Committee, our Board of Directors has nominated our current Chairman, Mr. Evan G. Greenberg, for election by shareholders as the Chairman of the Board of Directors until our next annual general meeting. Biographical information regarding Mr. Greenberg is found under Agenda Item 5. Mr. Greenberg has served as our Chairman since 2007, a period of sustained success for the Company. Under his leadership, the Company has created superior shareholder value. Between 2008, his first full year as Chairman, and 2025, our annualized total shareholder return (inclusive of reinvested dividends) was 11.7% and on a cumulative basis was 636.6%. Annual Review of Board Leadership Structure Each year, led by the Nominating Governance Committee, the Board of Directors reviews its leadership structure and considers shareholder feedback. The Board of Directors (with Mr. Greenberg abstaining) has unanimously agreed that it is in the best interest of the Company and shareholders for Mr. Greenberg to continue in his role as Chairman of the Board. The Board believes he has the skills and experience to best perform both the Chairman and CEO roles at this time. In support of nominating Mr. Greenberg as Chairman, our Board encourages shareholders to consider Mr. Greenberg s unique and immeasurable leadership value to the Board. Our Board believes Mr. Greenberg is the preeminent executive in the insurance industry and combining both roles creates strong leadership, continuity of expertise and one voice in the top Board and management roles. Our Board also believes Mr. Greenberg is best positioned to serve as the appropriate channel between management and the Board. Additionally, the Company is in a highly regulated industry, and Mr. Greenberg s unparalleled insurance industry knowledge and deep experience spanning over 50 years serving in top management roles provide him with exceptional insight and direction to lead the Board on Company strategy, assessing market conditions, strategic opportunities, and risk management oversight, among other critical matters. Mr. Greenberg s insurance knowledge and international business acumen make him the optimal individual to chair our Board at this time, and our Board unanimously believes that shareholders are best served with Mr. Greenberg remaining Chairman of the Board. Moreover, the Board is structured to mitigate potential risks in combining the Chairman and CEO roles. Our Board has an independent Lead Director with significant and substantive powers and responsibilities, as further described below and in Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure in this proxy statement. Mr. Greenberg, in his capacity as CEO, reports to the Board. Led by the Lead Director, the independent directors conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation and compensation determination process with respect to Mr. Greenberg s performance as CEO. Further, all directors other than Mr. Greenberg are independent, and each of the Audit, Compensation, Nominating Governance and Risk Finance Committees of the Board are comprised entirely of independent directors. Most of our directors also have significant executive experience, including some as CEO, and serve individually and collectively as an effective independent complement to the Chairman and CEO. Regular Board refreshment and well-balanced tenure also ensure new independent voices and perspectives are included in Board discussions. Our Board considers Mr. Greenberg s continued service as Chairman to be essential as the Company executes on its strategic plan and identifies and capitalizes on market and other opportunities. The Board believes that, as Chairman, Mr. Greenberg will continue the Company s trajectory of success, consistent with its track record, in the face of the multitude of risks and opportunities that lay ahead. 2026 Proxy Statement | 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 6 Board Leadership: Our Independent Lead Director While Mr. Greenberg serves as Chairman, Board leadership comes also from our independent Lead Director, Mr. Michael P. Connors. Our Board structure provides for a strong independent Lead Director position to promote and foster effective director independence in deliberations and overall governance. The Lead Director provides a forum for independent director discussion and feedback and helps assure that all Board members have the means to, and do, carry out their responsibilities in accordance with their fiduciary duties. Our Nominating Governance Committee, and the entire Board of Directors, regularly reviews our Board leadership structure, and in particular examines and reaffirms the significant authority and powers of our Lead Director. See Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure in this proxy statement for more details on the powers and responsibilities of our Lead Director. What Happens If Shareholders Do Not Approve This Proposal? If the shareholders do not approve this proposal, then the Board will consider the reasons the shareholders did not approve the proposal, if known, and will call an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for reconsideration of the proposal or a revised proposal. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of a majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of Evan G. Greenberg as the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 27 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 7 Election of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to elect each of the director nominees Michael P. Connors, Michael L. Corbat, David H. Sidwell and Frances F. Townsend individually as members of the Compensation Committee until our next annual general meeting. Explanation Under Swiss law and our Articles of Association, authority to elect the members of the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors is vested with our shareholders. Upon the recommendation of our Nominating Governance Committee, our Board of Directors has nominated Michael P. Connors, Michael L. Corbat, David H. Sidwell and Frances F. Townsend for election to the Compensation Committee. Each is currently serving on the Compensation Committee. Biographical information for each nominee is found under Agenda Item 5. The Board of Directors has unanimously agreed that service by each nominee to the Compensation Committee is in the best interest of the Company and the shareholders. Each of the nominees has been determined by the Nominating Governance Committee and the Board of Directors to satisfy the Company s Categorical Standards for Director Independence and related New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. What Happens If Shareholders Do Not Approve the Nominees in this Proposal? If the shareholders do not approve the nominees in this proposal, then the Board will consider the reasons the shareholders did not approve, if known, and will call an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for reconsideration of the proposal or a revised proposal. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of the majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to elect each of the above nominees in this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR each of the above nominees to be elected to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 2026 Proxy Statement | 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 8 Election of Homburger AG as Independent Proxy Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to elect Homburger AG as the Company s independent proxy until the conclusion of our next annual general meeting. Explanation Under Swiss law and our Articles of Association, shareholders have the authority to elect an independent proxy. Swiss law does not permit other forms of institutional proxies for public companies, such as corporate proxies (appointing an officer or another representative of the Company) or depositary bank representatives as defined under Swiss law. The independent proxy s main task is to exercise the voting rights granted to it by shareholders in accordance with shareholder instructions. The independent proxy will not make statements, submit proposals or ask questions of the Board of Directors on behalf of shareholders. Our Board of Directors has recommended that Homburger AG, Prime Tower, Hardstrasse 201, CH-8005 Zurich, Switzerland be elected as our independent proxy until the conclusion of our next annual general meeting. Homburger AG is a Swiss law firm. What Happens If Shareholders Do Not Approve This Proposal? If the shareholders do not approve this proposal, then the Board will consider the reasons the shareholders did not approve the proposal, if known, and will call an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for reconsideration of the proposal or a revised proposal. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of a majority of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting, not counting abstentions, broker non-votes or blank or invalid ballots, is required to approve this agenda item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of Homburger AG as independent proxy. 29 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 9 Renewal of a Capital Band for Authorized Share Capital Increases and Reductions Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to approve an amendment of Article 6 of the Articles of Association (as set out below under Explanation ) to renew our capital band, which would authorize the Board of Directors to increase or decrease the Company s share capital by up to 20% for a one-year period ending on May 21, 2027. If approved, the amendment of the Articles of Association will become effective upon its registration in the Swiss commercial register. Explanation Under Swiss law, shareholders may authorize the board of directors for a period of time to increase or decrease the stated share capital within a permitted range. This capital band is required to be set out in a company s articles of association. At the 2025 annual general meeting, shareholders authorized the Board to increase or decrease the Company s share capital by up to 20% for a one-year period. Due to the expiration of the current capital band, our Board believes it is advisable and in the best interests of the Company for shareholders to renew the capital band on similar terms such that our Board, for a maximum period of one year, may change the stated share capital registered in the Swiss commercial register once or several times within the limits of: (i) Increasing stated share capital by a maximum of 20%; and (ii) Reducing stated share capital by a maximum of 20%, in each case, of the Company s existing share capital at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Please note that these are maximum and minimum share capital limits, and that all or any limits may not be utilized, subject to the Board s determination. While Swiss law allows a capital band authorization to last for up to 5 years and extend to a maximum increase of 150% and decrease of 50% of existing share capital, the Board believes the limits requested in this proposal provide appropriate flexibility. The ability to increase share capital through this Agenda Item would enable our Board to raise share capital efficiently by authorizing new Common Share issuances at such times and for such purposes as it may deem advisable without further action by shareholders, except as may be required by applicable laws or regulations, including NYSE requirements. For example, new shares would be available for issuance in connection with financings, acquisitions of other companies, stock dividends, raising capital following significant catastrophes that would otherwise have a material effect on Chubb s balance sheet or financial condition, or other corporate purposes. The share capital reduction component of the proposed capital band would also enable us to continue to cancel shares earmarked for cancellation that are acquired under our share repurchase program, ensuring we maintain capital management flexibility and continue to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases in accordance with Swiss requirements. If this Agenda Item is approved, we would nevertheless seek shareholder approval for share issuances to the extent required under NYSE rules. Under current NYSE rules, shareholder approval is generally required, with certain enumerated exceptions, to issue Common Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Shares in one or a series of related transactions if such Common Shares represent 20% or more of the voting power or outstanding Common Shares of the Company. NYSE rules also require shareholder approval for an issuance of Common Shares that would result in a change of control of the Company, as well as for share issuances in connection with certain benefit plans or related party transactions. 2026 Proxy Statement | 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 9 As a Swiss company, we are required to submit both the English and the (authoritative) German versions of the proposed amendment to the Articles of Association, pursuant to which Article 6 of the Articles of Association would replace the existing capital band provision and read as follows: Article 6 Kapitalband Article 6 Capital Band a) Der Verwaltungsrat ist erm chtigt, jederzeit bis zum 21. Mai 2027 innerhalb einer Obergrenze von CHF 240 072 508 .00, entsprechend 480 145 016 vollst ndig zu liberierenden Namenaktien mit einem Nennwert von je CHF 0.50 und einer Untergrenze von CHF 160 048 339.00, entsprechend 320 096 678 vollst ndig zu liberierenden Namenaktien mit einem Nennwert von je CHF 0.50, das Aktienkapital einmal oder mehrere Male zu ver ndern. b) e) [bleiben unver ndert.] a) The Board of Directors is authorized any time until May 21, 2027 to change the share capital once or several times within the upper limit of CHF 240,072,508.00, corresponding to 480,145,016 registered shares with a par value of CHF 0.50 each to be fully paid up, and the lower limit of CHF 160,048,339.00, corresponding to 320,096,678 registered shares with a par value of CHF 0.50 each to be fully paid up. b) e) [remain unchanged.] The capital band allows the Company to limit or withdraw shareholders pre-emptive rights in specified and limited circumstances, and enables the Board to determine the modalities of capital increases and decreases within the capital band. Article 6 of the Articles of Association contains the following paragraphs relating to these matters, which remain unchanged: b) In the event of a capital increase the following applies: 1. The Board of Directors shall determine the number of shares to be issued, the date of issue, the type of contributions (including cash contributions, contributions in kind, set-off and conversion of freely usable reserves, including retained earnings, into share capital), the conditions governing the exercise of subscription rights and the commencement of dividend entitlement. The Board of Directors may issue new shares which are underwritten by a bank or other third party and subsequently offered to existing shareholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to restrict or to prohibit trading in the subscription rights to the new shares. In the event of subscription rights not being exercised, the Board of Directors may, at its discretion, either allow such rights to expire worthless, or place them or the shares to which they entitle their holders either at market prices or in some other manner commensurate with the interests of the Company. 2. The Board of Directors is authorized to exclude the pre-emptive rights of the shareholders and to allocate them to individual shareholders, third parties, the Company or one of its subsidiaries, in the event of the use of shares for the purpose of (1) mergers, acquisitions of enterprises or participations, financing and/or refinancing of such mergers and acquisitions, and of other investment projects (including by way of private placements), (2) to improve the regulatory capital position of the Company or its subsidiaries (including by way of private placements), (3) broadening the shareholder constituency or for investment by strategic partners, (4) in connection with the listing of new shares at market conditions on domestic or foreign stock exchanges (including by way of private placements), (5) the new shares being issued for the purpose of raising equity capital in a swift and flexible manner, where such raising of capital would be difficult or would only be possible at less favorable conditions if the pre-emptive rights to the new shares were not excluded, and (6) the participation of members of the Board of Directors, employees, contractors, consultants or other persons performing services for the benefit of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. c) In case of a capital reduction, the Board of Directors shall, to the extent necessary, determine the number of cancelled shares and the use of the reduction amount. The acquisition and holding of shares repurchased for purposes of cancellation under the capital band are, to the extent permitted by law, not subject to the 10% threshold for own shares within the meaning of Art. 659 para. 2 CO. d) Capital increases may be performed both by increasing the par value of the shares and by issuing new shares, and reductions may be performed both by reducing the par value of the shares and by cancelling shares. The Board of Directors is also authorized to carry out a simultaneous reduction and re-increase of the share capital. In the case of a reduction of the par value, the Board of Directors shall adapt all provisions of the Articles of Association relating to the par value of a share as well as the number of shares with a new nominal value corresponding to the fixed upper and lower limit of the capital band according to para. 1, accordingly. e) Subscription to and acquisition of newly issued shares out of the capital band and any further transfers of their ownership shall be subject to the restrictions specified in art. 8 of the Articles of Association. The Company does not have any current plans or commitments to issue new Common Shares. The Board does not intend to issue any new shares except on terms or for reasons which the Board deems to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 31 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 9 What Happens If Shareholders Do Not Approve This Proposal? If the shareholders do not approve this proposal, the Board will consider the reasons that the shareholders did not approve the proposal, if known, and will seek shareholder reconsideration of the proposal or a revised proposal at next year s annual general meeting. Alternatively, the Board may call an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders for reconsideration of the proposal or a revised proposal. If shareholders do not approve this proposal, we may be restricted in our ability to issue shares at times our Board deems necessary or advisable and in the best interests of the Company, or to cancel shares, which may impede our ability to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. Voting Requirement to Approve Agenda Item The affirmative FOR vote of two-thirds of the votes present (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting is required to approve this Agenda Item. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the renewal of a capital band for authorized share capital increases and reductions. 2026 Proxy Statement | 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 10 Approval of the Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated Agenda Item Our Board of Directors is asking shareholders to approve the proposed Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (Amended LTIP). The following summary of the Amended LTIP is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of the Amended LTIP contained in Annex A. Explanation The Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) was first adopted by our Board of Directors on February 25, 2016 and approved by shareholders on May 19, 2016. An amended and restated LTIP was approved by shareholders on May 20, 2021 (Current LTIP). On February 26, 2026, our Board of Directors adopted the Amended LTIP, subject to and effective as of shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting (such date of shareholder approval, the Effective Date). If the Amended LTIP is approved, the number of Common Shares available for delivery under the LTIP will increase by 12.3 million shares. It will also increase by 6.15 million shares the sublimit that restricts the ability to grant full value awards under the LTIP. The practical impact of these increases will be to give our Board of Directors discretion to continue to grant awards under the LTIP in the future, for up to approximately seven years, before another shareholder vote would be necessary. This seven-year estimate is based on the rate of annual grants in the past, and assumes future grants are consistent with our past practice, adjusted to reflect anticipated growth of the Company and other relevant factors. The Amended LTIP also includes certain other updates, primarily to (i) clarify the Company s ability to grant substitute awards upon assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted to individuals by an entity acquired by the Company (substitute awards would not be counted against the number of Common Shares reserved for issuance under the Amended LTIP); and (ii) remove certain provisions on individual award limits that were previously included for U.S. tax purposes, but are no longer required following changes to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. It is our practice to make annual equity awards to a large group of our employees (approximately 6,700 individuals in 2026) not a small group of key executives. Equity compensation has always been an important component of our employee and director compensation programs. We believe it aligns employee and director compensation with shareholder interests and properly defers value to the medium- or long-term. Approving the Amended LTIP would allow our Board to continue to attract and retain employees and directors, provide them competitive compensation, adapt to evolving compensation practices and account for the growth of Chubb and its employees. We also strongly link employee and equity compensation to our financial results. We believe our historical equity award practices contribute to successful financial performance, and our financial performance and strength provide the rationale for historical and anticipated grant amounts. The Amended LTIP will become effective upon shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting. The Current LTIP remains in effect until that time. No grants can be made under the Current LTIP after shareholder approval of the Amended LTIP. Summary of Awards Granted and Shares Remaining Available under the Current LTIP On March 2, 2026, we granted to our employees and the employees of our subsidiaries 251,832 performance stock units and 669,948 restricted stock units, and 90,078 performance shares and 101,723 restricted stock awards, each with a grant date fair value of $342.76. We also granted 1,072,733 stock options at an exercise price of $342.76. As of March 6, 2026, there were 390,229,029 Common Shares outstanding. At that date, there were a total of 5,746,388 Common Shares that remained available for future issuance under the Current LTIP. The number of Common Shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights, was 9,222,037, with a weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights of $213.93 and a weighted average remaining contractual term of 6.084 years. As of March 6, 2026, there were 703,790 outstanding unvested performance shares and 1,055,215 restricted stock awards, and 831,625 outstanding unvested performance stock units and 1,077,383 restricted stock units. Under the Current LTIP limit of 16.45 million full value awards, 3,255,846 full value awards remained available for future issuance. 33 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 10 The closing price for our Common Shares on the NYSE on April 2, 2026 was $328.33 per share. The Current LTIP is the only plan under which we are currently authorized to issue equity grants to employees and directors of Chubb or its subsidiaries, as well as consultants and other persons providing services to Chubb or its subsidiaries. In addition, we maintain our employee stock purchase plan, discussed in the Authorized Securities under Equity Compensation Plans table below, which allows eligible participants to purchase Common Shares. Purpose of the Amended LTIP The purpose of the Amended LTIP is to: attract and retain persons eligible to participate in the Amended LTIP; create a link between recent performance, compensation and the enhancement of long-term shareholder return; motivate eligible individuals to whom awards under the Amended LTIP are granted (Participants), by means of appropriate incentives, to achieve long-range goals; provide compensation opportunities that are competitive with those of other similar companies; and further align Participants interests with those of our other shareholders through compensation that is based on our Common Shares. The Amended LTIP provides for the grant of full value awards, non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs) and cash incentive awards. The Amended LTIP also includes several features that reflect our compensation philosophy and protect shareholder interests, such as: no evergreen provision (i.e., no automatic increase in the number of shares available under the plan); no liberal share recycling; no grants of below-market stock options or SARs; no repricing or cash buyout of underwater stock options or SARs without shareholder approval; no payments of dividends or dividend equivalents on performance-based equity awards unless performance criteria are satisfied and the underlying awards vest; no payment of dividends or dividend equivalents on stock options or SARs; minimum vesting provisions; and awards are subject to forfeiture/clawback, including under the Company s clawback policies. Additionally, the value of awards granted under the Amended LTIP are subject to the shareholder-approved maximum aggregate amounts of director and Executive Management compensation described in Agenda Items 11.1 and 11.2. We use equity-based compensation as a key element of our executives and directors compensation packages, and each year we disclose the prior year grants to and other compensation of our NEOs and directors in our proxy statement and of our Executive Management and directors in our Swiss Compensation Report. Additionally, we maintain stock ownership guidelines aimed at increasing and maintaining significant officer and director Common Share ownership. General Terms of the Amended LTIP The Amended LTIP is administered by the Board s Compensation Committee (Committee). The Committee selects the Participants, the types of awards to be granted and the applicable terms, conditions, performance criteria, restrictions and other provisions of such awards. The Committee may delegate all or any portion of its responsibilities or powers under the Amended LTIP to persons selected by it. If the Committee does not exist or for any other reason determined by the Board, and to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange, the Board may take any action under the Amended LTIP that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee. If the Amended LTIP is approved by shareholders, the maximum number of shares that may be delivered to Participants and their beneficiaries under the Amended LTIP will be (i) 45.2 million Common Shares (which includes all shares available for delivery under this clause (i) since the initial establishment of the LTIP in 2016); plus (ii) Common Shares that are subject to outstanding awards under the ACE Limited 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan immediately prior to the Effective Date that are forfeited, expire or are cancelled after the Effective Date without delivery of Common Shares (or which result in the forfeiture of Common Shares back to us). Any Common Shares covered by an award under the Amended LTIP that are not delivered to a Participant or beneficiary because the award is forfeited, expires or is cancelled shall not be deemed to have been delivered for purposes of determining the shares delivered to the Participant or beneficiary. Subject to the preceding paragraph, the total number of shares covered by an award granted under the Amended LTIP will in each case be treated as delivered to the extent payments or benefits are delivered to the Participant with respect to such shares. Accordingly, (i) if an award denominated in Common Shares is settled in cash, the total number of shares with respect to which such payment is made shall be considered to have been delivered; (ii) if shares covered by an award are used to satisfy the applicable tax withholding 2026 Proxy Statement | 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 10 obligation, the number of shares held back by us to satisfy such withholding obligation shall be considered to have been delivered; (iii) if the exercise price of any option granted is satisfied by tendering Common Shares to us (including shares that would otherwise be distributable upon the exercise of the option), the number of shares tendered to satisfy such exercise price shall be considered to have been delivered; (iv) if cash or Common Shares are delivered in settlement of the exercise of an SAR, the total number of shares with respect to which such SAR is exercised shall be deemed delivered; and (v) if we repurchase shares with proceeds received from the exercise of an option issued, the total number of shares repurchased shall be deemed delivered. The maximum number of Common Shares that can be delivered to Participants and beneficiaries with respect to incentive stock options under the Amended LTIP shall be 45.2 million shares. Prior to the Effective Date, the maximum number of Common Shares that may be delivered to Participants and their beneficiaries under the Current LTIP as full value awards may not exceed 16.45 million shares. However, 3,255,846 awards remained available for future issuance under this limit as of March 6, 2026. If the Amended LTIP is approved by shareholders, the maximum number of shares that may be delivered to Participants and their beneficiaries under the Amended LTIP as full value awards will be increased by 6.15 million shares. The Common Shares with respect to which awards may be made under the Amended LTIP shall be (i) shares authorized but unissued; (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, held or acquired by Chubb as treasury shares, including shares purchased in the open market or in private transactions; or (iii) shares purchased in the open market by a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Chubb (and Chubb may contribute to the subsidiary an amount sufficient to accomplish the purchase of the shares to be so acquired) (the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or any executive officer of Chubb shall have the authority to determine (or delegate to a designee to determine) whether and to what extent shares may be purchased in the open market by a subsidiary and whether and to what extent the Company may contribute amounts to a subsidiary to accomplish such purchase). At the discretion of the Committee, an award under the Amended LTIP may be settled in cash rather than Common Shares. The Committee may use Common Shares available under the Amended LTIP as the form of payment for compensation, grants or rights earned or due under any other compensation plans or arrangements of Chubb or a subsidiary, including the plans and arrangements of Chubb or a subsidiary assumed in business combinations. In the event of a corporate transaction involving Chubb, including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, extraordinary cash dividend (other than regular, quarterly cash dividends), recapitalization, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, sale of assets or subsidiaries, combination or exchange of shares, any partial or complete liquidation of the Company, or any other extraordinary or unusual event affecting Common Shares without the Company s receipt of consideration, the Committee may, subject to applicable law, adjust awards to preserve the benefits or potential benefits of the awards, as may be determined to be appropriate and equitable by the Committee in its sole discretion. Committee action may include adjustment of: the number and kind of shares available for grant or delivery under the Amended LTIP; the number of shares or awards that may be granted to any individual or that may be granted pursuant to any provision or types of awards; the number and kind of shares, units or other property subject to outstanding awards; the exercise price of outstanding options and SARs; and any other adjustments to the terms of awards that the Committee determines to be equitable, which may include, without limitation: replacement of awards with other awards which the Committee determines have comparable value and which are based on stock of a company resulting from the transaction, and cancellation of the award in return for cash payment of the current value of the award, determined as though the award is fully vested at the time of payment, provided that in the case of an option or SAR, the amount of such payment may be the excess (if any) of value of the Common Shares subject to the option at the time of the transaction over the exercise price. Awards under the Amended LTIP are not transferable except as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and except for transfers without consideration to the extent permitted by the Committee. Minimum Vesting. Except for awards granted under the Amended LTIP with respect to Common Shares which do not exceed, in the aggregate, 5% of the total number of Common Shares reserved for delivery, any award granted under the Amended LTIP shall condition a Participant s right to become vested in the award on completion of a minimum period of service with us or our subsidiaries of at least one year in the case of a service-based award and a minimum performance period of at least one year in the case of a performance-based award, except, in any case, if accelerated, to the extent permitted by the Committee, in the event of the Participant s death or disability, retirement, involuntary termination, or change in control. Eligibility All employees and directors of Chubb or its subsidiaries, as well as consultants and other persons providing services to Chubb or its subsidiaries, are eligible to become Participants in the Amended LTIP, except that non-employees may not be granted incentive stock options. As of March 6, 2026, Chubb and its subsidiaries had approximately 45,000 employees. Participants may also include 35 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item 10 employees, consultants or directors of a company or other entity or business acquired by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or for which we combined, who are able to be granted substitute awards under the Amended LTIP. Options The Committee may grant an incentive stock option or non-qualified stock option to purchase Common Shares at an exercise price determined under the option. Except as described below, the exercise price for an option shall not be less than the fair market value of a Common Share at the time the option is granted. The exercise price of an option may not be decreased after the date of grant nor may an option be surrendered to Chubb as consideration for the grant of a replacement option or SAR with a lower exercise price or a full value award, except as approved by our shareholders or as adjusted for corporate transactions described above. No option shall be surrendered to Chubb in consideration for a cash payment or grant of any other award if at the time of such surrender the exercise price of such option is greater than the then current fair market value of a Common Share, except as approved by our shareholders. In addition, the Committee may grant options with an exercise price less than the fair market value of a Common Share at the time of grant in replacement for awards under other plans assumed in connection with business combinations if the Committee determines that doing so is appropriate to preserve the benefit of the awards being replaced. Options are subject to the one-year minimum vesting provisions described above. An option shall be exercisable in accordance with the terms established by the Committee. The full purchase price of each Common Share purchased upon the exercise of any option shall be paid at the time 