=== CB_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Factors that could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition are outlined below. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem insignificant may also impair our business or results of operations as they become known or as facts and circumstances change. Any of the risks described below could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Insurance Our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters. We have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural disasters, man-made catastrophes, such as terrorism or cyber-attack, and other catastrophic events. This could impact a variety of our businesses, including our commercial and personal lines, and life and accident and health (A&H) products. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, hailstorms, droughts, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, war, acts of terrorism, nuclear accidents, political instability, and other natural or man-made disasters, including a global or other wide-impact pandemic or a significant cyber-attack. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from catastrophes could be substantial. In addition, climate change and resulting changes in global temperatures, weather patterns, and sea levels may both increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future and impact our risk modeling assumptions. We cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results of operations or our financial condition. We cannot predict how legal, regulatory or social responses to concerns around global climate change and the resulting impact on various sectors of the economy may impact our business. In addition, exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence, which may increase possible losses due to a catastrophic cyber event. Cyber catastrophic scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations and cyber catastrophic perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. Rather, cyber risks are engineered by human actors and thus are continuously evolving, often in ways that are engineered specifically to evade established loss mitigation controls. The occurrence of claims from catastrophic events could result in substantial volatility in our results of operations or financial condition for any fiscal quarter or year. Catastrophic events are inherently unpredictable and the actual nature of such events, when they occur, could be more frequent or severe than contemplated in our pricing and risk management expectations. As a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If actual claims exceed our loss reserves, our financial results could be adversely affected. Our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. We establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have occurred at or prior to the balance sheet date. The process of establishing reserves can be highly complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments. Actuarial staff in each of our segments regularly evaluates the levels of loss reserves. Such evaluations could result in future changes in estimates of losses or reinsurance recoverables and would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. Losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. During the loss settlement period, which can be many years in duration for some of our lines of business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known, which may result in a change in overall reserves. In addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of overall reserves upward or downward from time to time. We include in our loss reserves liabilities for latent claims, such as asbestos and environmental (A&E), which are principally related to claims arising from remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites and bodily-injury claims related to exposure to asbestos products and environmental hazards. At December 31, 2025, gross A&E liabilities represented approximately 1.4 percent of our gross loss reserves. The estimation of these liabilities is subject to many complex variables including: the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which it has no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to non-products coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. Accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses, arising from either latent or non-latent causes, may be significantly greater or less than the loss and loss expense reserves held at the balance sheet date. In addition, the amount and timing of the settlement of our P&C liabilities are 19 Table of Contents uncertain and our actual payments could be higher than contemplated in our loss reserves owing to the impacts of insurance, judicial decisions, and social inflation. If our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we may be required to increase loss reserves at the time of the determination and our net income and capital may be reduced. The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain. As industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. For example, "reviver" legislation in certain states allows civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance. The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we use could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We seek to manage our loss exposure by maintaining a disciplined underwriting process throughout our insurance operations, including the use of underwriting controls and risk models. We also look to limit our loss exposure by writing a number of our insurance and reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. Excess of loss insurance and reinsurance indemnifies the insured against losses in excess of a specified amount. In addition, we limit program size for each client and purchase third-party reinsurance for our own account. We also look to limit our loss by using assumed proportional reinsurance treaties, in which we seek per occurrence limitations or loss and loss expense ratio caps to limit the impact of losses ceded by the client. In proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the premiums and losses of the reinsured. We further seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification. Geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits. However, there are inherent limitations in all of these tactics, and no assurance can be given against the possibility of an event or series of events that result in loss levels that have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that losses could manifest themselves in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. Additionally, various provisions of our policies, negotiated to limit our risks, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage and choice of forum may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. As a result, one or more natural or man-made catastrophes, terrorism, or other events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We may be unable to purchase reinsurance, or if we successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility of non-payment. We purchase protection from third parties, including reinsurance, to protect against catastrophes and other sources of volatility, to increase the amount of protection we can provide our clients, and as part of our overall risk management strategy. Our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional protection, which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance originally assumed by the reinsurer. From time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs. There is no guarantee our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. In addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. Finally, we face some degree of counterparty risk whenever we purchase reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance. Consequently, the insolvency of these counterparties, or the inability, or unwillingness of any of our present or future reinsurers to make timely payments to us under the terms of our reinsurance or retrocessional agreements could have an adverse effect on us. At December 31, 2025, we had $20.6 billion of reinsurance recoverables, net of reserves for uncollectible recoverables. A reinsurer's or retrocessionaire's insolvency or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on us because we remain liable to the insured. Certain active Chubb companies are primarily liable for A&E and other exposures they have reinsured to our inactive run-off company Century Indemnity Company (Century). At December 31, 2025, the aggregate reinsurance balances ceded by our active subsidiaries to Century were approximately $1.9 billion. Should Century's loss reserves experience adverse development in the future and should Century be placed into rehabilitation or liquidation, the reinsurance recoverables due from Century to its affiliates could be payable only after the payment in full of third-party expenses and liabilities, including administrative expenses and direct policy liabilities. Thus, the intercompany reinsurance recoverables could be at risk to the extent of the shortage of assets remaining to pay these recoverables. While we believe the intercompany reinsurance recoverables from Century are not 20 Table of Contents impaired at this time, we cannot provide assurance that adverse development with respect to Century's loss reserves, if manifested, will not result in Century's rehabilitation or insolvency, which could result in our recognizing a loss. This could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our net income and shareholders' equity may be volatile because certain products sold by our life insurance businesses expose us to future policy benefit (FPB) reserve and market risk benefits changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions. Our pricing, establishment of liabilities for life insurance and annuity products, including reinsurance programs, are based upon various assumptions, including equity market changes, interest rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, and policyholder behavior. Under long-duration targeted improvements (LDTI), the accounting for our FPB reserves is also sensitive to changing interest rate conditions. We are required to update for changes in discount rates quarterly and review assumptions at least annually, which could cause volatility in our net income and shareholders' equity. Guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed living benefits (GLB), principally guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), associated with variable annuity contracts, are collectively referred to as market risk benefits (MRB). The process of establishing MRB liabilities relies on our ability to accurately estimate insured events that have not yet occurred but that are expected to occur in future periods. Significant deviations in actual experience from assumptions used for pricing and for MRB liabilities could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products and our business. Under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, we assumed the risk of GMDB and GMIB associated with variable annuity contracts. We ceased writing this business in 2007. Our net income is directly impacted by the changes in the MRB liability reflecting market conditions, policyholder behavior, and other changes in assumptions. We view our variable annuity reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. Adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on consolidated net income. Payment of obligations under surety bonds could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The surety business is characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. The majority of our surety obligations are intended to be performance-based guarantees. When losses occur, they may be mitigated, at times, by recovery rights to the customer’s assets, contract payments, and collateral and bankruptcy recoveries. We have substantial commercial and construction surety exposure for current and prior customers. In that regard, we have exposures related to surety bonds issued on behalf of companies that have experienced or may experience deterioration in creditworthiness. If the financial condition of these companies were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our exposure to various commercial and contractual counterparties, our reliance on brokers, and certain of our policies may subject us to credit risk. We have exposure to counterparties through a variety of commercial transactions and arrangements, including reinsurance transactions, agreements with banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and derivative transactions, that expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. This includes exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities. We generally pay amounts owed on claims to brokers who, in turn, remit these amounts to the insured or ceding insurer. Although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. Conversely, in certain jurisdictions, if a broker does not remit premiums paid for these policies over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with a broker with whom we transact business. However, due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk. Under the terms of certain high-deductible policies that we offer, such as workers’ compensation and general liability, our customers are responsible for reimbursing us for an agreed-upon dollar amount per claim. In nearly all cases, we are required under such policies to pay covered claims first and then seek reimbursement for amounts within the applicable deductible from our customers. This obligation subjects us to credit risk from these customers. An increased inability of customers to reimburse us in this context could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a lack of credit 21 Table of Contents available to our customers could impact our ability to collateralize this risk to our satisfaction, which in turn, could reduce the amount of high-deductible policies we could offer. Since we depend on a few brokers and agents for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us. We market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide, primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance and reinsurance brokers, and bancassurance relationships. Accordingly, our business is dependent on the willingness of these agents and brokers to recommend our products to their customers, and our agents and brokers may also promote and distribute the products of our competitors. Deterioration in relationships with our agent and broker distribution network or their increased promotion and distribution of our competitors' products could adversely affect our ability to sell our products. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these agents and brokers could have an adverse effect on our business. Financial Our investment performance may affect our financial results and our ability to conduct business. Our investment assets are invested by professional investment management firms under the direction of our management team in accordance with investment guidelines approved by the Board. Our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. Our investment performance is highly sensitive to many factors, including interest rates, inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. The volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. Realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if material, can affect our ability to conduct business. Volatility in interest rates could impact the performance of our investment portfolio which could have an adverse effect on our investment income and operating results. We may not be able to effectively mitigate interest rate sensitivity. Our mitigation efforts include maintaining a high-quality portfolio of primarily fixed income investments with a relatively short duration to reduce the effect of interest rate changes on book value. A significant increase in interest rates would generally have an adverse effect on our book value. Our life insurance investments typically focus on longer duration bonds to better match the obligations of this business. For the life insurance business, policyholder behavior may be influenced by changing interest rate conditions and require a re-balancing of duration to effectively manage our asset/liability position. Our fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in high quality, investment-grade securities. However, a smaller portion of the portfolio, approximately 17 percent at December 31, 2025, is invested in below investment-grade securities. These securities, which pay a higher rate of interest, also have a higher degree of credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. It is possible that in periods of economic weakness (such as recession), we may experience credit or default losses in our portfolio, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. As a part of our ongoing analysis of our investment portfolio, we are required to assess current expected credit losses for our private debt held-for-investment and evaluate expected credit losses for available-for-sale securities when fair value is below amortized cost, which considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions in addition to information about past events and current conditions. This analysis requires a high degree of judgment. Financial assets with similar risk characteristics and relevant historical loss information are included in the development of an estimate of expected lifetime losses. Declines in relevant stock and other financial markets and other factors impacting the value of our investments could result in an adverse effect on our net income and other financial results. We may require additional capital or financing sources in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms. Our future capital and financing requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses, as well as our investment performance and capital expenditure obligations, including with respect to acquisitions. We may need to raise additional funds through financings or access funds through existing or new credit facilities or through short-term repurchase or borrowing arrangements. We also from time to time seek to refinance debt or credit as amounts become due or commitments expire. Any equity or debt financing or refinancing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. In the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result, and in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to those of our Common Shares. Our access to funds under existing credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. If we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, we could be forced to use assets otherwise available for our business operations, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 22 Table of Contents We may be required to post additional collateral because of changes in our reinsurance liabilities to regulated insurance companies, or because of regulatory changes that affect our companies. If our reinsurance liabilities increase, including in our property & casualty and variable annuity reinsurance businesses, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients. In addition, regulatory changes sometimes affect our obligations to post collateral. The need to post this additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. This could adversely impact our net income and liquidity and capital resources. The amount of capital that our insurance subsidiaries have and must hold to maintain their financial strength and credit ratings and meet other requirements can vary significantly from time to time and is sensitive to a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control. Capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries are prescribed by the applicable insurance regulators, while rating agencies establish requirements that inform ratings for our insurance subsidiaries. Projecting surplus and the related capital requirements is complex and requires making assumptions regarding how our business will perform within the broader macroeconomic environment. Insurance regulators and rating agencies evaluate company capital through financial models that calculate minimum capitalization requirements based on risk-based capital formulas for property and casualty insurance groups and their subsidiaries. In any particular year, capital levels and risk-based capital requirements may increase or decrease depending on a variety of factors including the mix of business written by our insurance subsidiaries and correlation or diversification in the business profile, the amount of additional capital our insurance subsidiaries must hold to support business growth, the value of securities in our investment portfolio, changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as changes to the regulatory and rating agency models used to determine our required capital. U.S. and global economic and financial industry events and their consequences could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price. The consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made under our products, the ability of customers, counterparties, and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently use internal and external capital resources, the availability of reinsurance protection, the risks we assume under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, and our investment performance. Volatility in the U.S. and other securities markets may adversely affect our stock price. A decline in our financial strength ratings could affect our standing among distribution partners and customers and cause our premiums and earnings to decrease. A decline in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and impact our ability to access capital markets. Ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. The objective of these rating systems is to provide an opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet ongoing obligations to its policyholders. A ratings downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as insureds, ceding companies, and brokers move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings. If one or more of our debt ratings were downgraded, we could also incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. Additionally, we could be required to post collateral or be faced with the cancellation of policies and resulting premium in certain circumstances. We cannot give any assurance regarding whether or to what extent any of the rating agencies might downgrade our ratings in the future. Our ability to pay dividends and make payments on indebtedness may be constrained by our holding company structure. Chubb Limited is a holding company that owns shares of its operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries along with several loans receivable from affiliates. Beyond this it does not itself have any significant operations or liquid assets. Repayment of loans receivable, guarantee fees and dividends and other permitted distributions from subsidiaries are its primary sources of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including any future debt service payments, other expenses, repurchases of its shares, and paying dividends to our shareholders. Some of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. The inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends (or other intercompany amounts due, such as intercompany debt obligations) in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to repurchase shares and pay dividends to our shareholders. Swiss law imposes certain restrictions on our ability to repurchase our shares. Swiss law imposes certain withholding tax and other restrictions on a Swiss company’s ability to return earnings or capital to its shareholders, including through the repurchase of its own shares. We may only repurchase shares to the extent that sufficient freely distributable reserves are available. In addition, Swiss law requires that the total par value of Chubb's treasury shares 23 Table of Contents must not be in excess of 10 percent of its total share capital, although, to the extent permitted by Swiss law, exemptions from the 10 percent limit apply for repurchased treasury shares dedicated for cancellation under our shareholder-approved capital band and for shares acquired pursuant to a shareholder-ratified repurchase program and dedicated for cancellation. As a result, in order to maintain our share repurchase program, our shareholders must either periodically approve our capital band authorizing our Board to reduce our share capital or, as necessary, ratify our share repurchase program authorizing our Board to acquire shares in excess of the 10 percent limit. If our shareholders do not approve either of the foregoing, we may be restricted or unable to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases in th

=== CB_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors described under "Risk Factors" under Item 1A of Part I of our 2025 Form 10-K. ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer’s Repurchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information with respect to purchases by Chubb of its Common Shares during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plan (3) January 1 through January 31 792,101 $ 308.08 790,962 $ 2.42 billion February 1 through February 28 1,144,652 $ 332.55 926,026 $ 2.11 billion March 1 through March 31 1,875,207 $ 329.44 1,800,822 $ 1.52 billion Total 3,811,960 $ 325.93 3,517,810 (1) This column represents open market share repurchases and the surrender to Chubb of Common Shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees and to cover the cost of the exercise of options by employees through stock swaps. (2) The aggregate value of shares purchased in the three months ended March 31, 2026, as part of the publicly announced plan was $1.1 billion. Refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Chubb Limited securities repurchase authorizations. (3) For the period April 1, 2026, through April 27, 2026, we repurchased 1,029,374 Common Shares for a total of $340 million in a series of open market transactions under the share repurchase authorization. As of April 27, 2026, $1.18 billion in share repurchase authorization remained. ITEM 5. Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of Chubb (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) informed us of the adoption or termination of a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as those terms are defined in Item 408 of SEC Regulation S-K. Disclosure of Certain Activities Under Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires an issuer to disclose whether it or an affiliate engaged, inter alia, with individuals or entities sanctioned pursuant to certain Executive Orders during the period covered by the report. Chubb, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provides a broad range of insurance and reinsurance products worldwide. In the quarter ended March 31, 2026, we determined that one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries renewed an auto insurance policy at the end of 2025 with a person who had recently been placed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224. At the time the initial policy was bound, the person had not yet been so designated. During the first quarter of 2026, the subsidiary engaged in transactions servicing such policy, as well as a prior auto insurance policy previously issued to the same policyholder. The policies have been frozen with no withdrawal, claims, or premium payments permitted. In the quarter ended March 31, 2026, gross revenues from such policies were approximately £1.1 thousand (equivalent to $1.4 thousand). Net profits attributable to these policies are not precisely determinable but are less than the associated revenues. The non-U.S. subsidiary does not intend to provide any services to this person in the future. 78 Table of Contents ITEM 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Original Number Date Filed Filed Herewith 3.1 Articles of Association of the Company, as amended and restated 8-K 3.1 March 11, 2026 3.2 Organizational Regulations of the Company, as amended 10-K 3.2 February 27, 2025 4.1 Articles of Association of the Company, as amended and restated 8-K 4.1 March 11, 2026 4.2 Organizational Regulations of the Company, as amended 10-K 4.2 February 27, 2025 10.1 * Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the directors and executive officers of the Company 10-K 10.1 February 27, 2026 10.2 * Form of Performance Based Restricted Stock Award Terms under the Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Executive Officers 10-K 10.60 February 27, 2026 10.3 * Form of Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Terms under the Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Executive Officers 10-K 10.61 February 27, 2026 22.1 Guaranteed Securities 10-Q 22.1 October 27, 2025 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101.1 The following financial information from Chubb Limited’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2026, and December 31, 2025; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements X 104.1 The Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL (The cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101.1) * Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement 79 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CHUBB LIMITED (Registrant) April 28, 2026 /s/ Evan G. Greenberg Evan G. Greenberg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 28, 2026 /s/ Peter C. Enns Peter C. Enns Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 80 