=== CB_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A and Part II, Item 7 for additional information. The number of record holders of Common Shares as of February 20, 2026, was 6,265. This is not the actual number of beneficial owners of Chubb's Common Shares since most of our shareholders hold their shares through a stockbroker, bank or other nominee rather than directly in their own names. Refer to Part III, Item 12 for information relating to compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. Issuer's Repurchases of Equity Securities for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2025 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plan (3) October 1 through October 31 1,542,738 $ 272.04 1,540,000 $ 3.35 billion November 1 through November 30 1,201,994 $ 282.08 1,200,831 $ 3.00 billion December 1 through December 31 1,126,112 $ 298.89 1,123,919 $ 2.66 billion Total 3,870,844 $ 282.97 3,864,750 (1) This colum n represents open market share repurchases and the surrender to Chubb of Common Shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees and to cover the cost of the exercise of options by employees through stock swaps. (2) The aggregate value of shares purchased in the three months ended December 31, 2025, as part of the publicly announced plan was $1.1 billion. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Chubb Limited securities repurchase authorizations. (3) For the period January 1, 2026, through February 26, 2026, we repurchased 1,716,988 Common Shares for a total of $551 million in a series of open market transactions. As of February 26, 2026, $2.11 billion in share repurchase authorization remained. 34 Table of Contents Performance Graph Set forth below is a line graph comparing the dollar change in the cumulative total shareholder return on Chubb's Common Shares from December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2025, as compared to the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index and the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's Property-Casualty Insurance Index. The cumulative total shareholder return is a concept used to compare the performance of a company's stock over time and is the ratio of the stock price change plus the cumulative amount of dividends over the specified time period (assuming dividend reinvestment), to the stock price at the beginning of the time period. The chart depicts the value on December 31, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025, of a $100 investment made on December 31, 2020, with all dividends reinvested. 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 12/31/2024 12/31/2025 Chubb Limited $100 $128 $148 $155 $191 $219 S P 500 Index $100 $129 $105 $133 $166 $196 S P 500 P C Index $100 $119 $142 $157 $213 $234 ITEM 6. [Reserved] Item not applicable. 35 Table of Contents ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, and comparisons between 2025 and 2024. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes, under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Comparisons between 2024 and 2023 have been omitted from this Form 10-K, but can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. All comparisons in this discussion are to the prior year unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts are rounded. However, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ. MD A Index Page Forward-Looking Statements 37 Critical Accounting Estimates 39 Consolidated Operating Results 49 Segment Operating Results 52 Effective Income Tax Rate 61 Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) 62 Non-GAAP Reconciliation 63 Net Investment Income 67 Interest Expense 67 Amortization of Purchased Intangibles and Other Amortization 67 Investments 68 Asbestos and Environmental (A E) 72 Catastrophe Management 73 Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program 75 Political Risk and Credit Insurance 75 Crop Insurance 76 Liquidity 77 Capital Resources 80 Ratings 82 Information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries 83 Credit Facilities 84 36 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the SEC, include but are not limited to: actual amount of new and renewal business, premium rates, underwriting margins, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets; the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections, and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete; losses arising out of natural or man-made catastrophes; actual loss experience from insured or reinsured events and the timing of claim payments; the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses, and the timing of loss payments; changes in the distribution or placement of risks due to increased consolidation of insurance and reinsurance brokers; material differences between actual and expected assessments for guaranty funds and mandatory pooling arrangements; the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality, or availability of reinsurance; uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, actions, investigations, and treaties; judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, legal tactics, and settlement terms; the effects of data privacy or cyber laws or regulation; global political conditions and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events; the impact of changes in tax laws, guidance and interpretations, such as the implementation of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development international tax framework, or the increasing number of challenges from tax authorities in the current global tax environment; severity of pandemics and related risks, and their effects on our business operations and claims activity, and any adverse impact to our insureds, brokers, agents, and employees; actual claims may exceed our best estimate of ultimate insurance losses incurred which could change including as a result of, among other things, the impact of legislative or regulatory actions taken in response to a pandemic; developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets, and other financial markets; increased government involvement or intervention in the financial services industry; the cost and availability of financing, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; changing rates of inflation; and other general economic and business conditions, including the depth and duration of potential recession; the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities; the adequacy of collateral supporting funded high deductible programs; and the amount of dividends received from subsidiaries; changes to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, or have the intent to sell, available-for-sale fixed maturity investments before their anticipated recovery; actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent; the effects of public company bankruptcies and accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues; acquisitions made performing differently than expected, our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies or growth from acquisitions, the impact of acquisitions on our pre-existing organization; risks associated with being a Swiss corporation, including reduced flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management and the potential for additional regulatory burdens; share repurchase plans and share cancellations; loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame; 37 Table of Contents the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to Chubb or its customers or partners; the ability of our company to increase use of data analytics and technology as part of our business strategy and adapt to new technologies; and management s response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above). The words believe, anticipate, estimate, project, should, plan, expect, intend, hope, feel, foresee, will likely result, will continue, and variations thereof and similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates such statements were made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 38 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Estimates Our Consolidated Financial Statements include amounts that, either by their nature or due to requirements of generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP), are determined using best estimates and assumptions. While we believe that the amounts included in our Consolidated Financial Statements reflect our best judgment, actual amounts could ultimately materially differ from those currently presented. We believe the items that require the most subjective and complex estimates are: unpaid loss and loss expense reserves, including long-tail asbestos and environmental (A E) reserves and non-A E casualty exposures; future policy benefits reserves; the valuation of value of business acquired (VOBA); the assessment of risk transfer for certain structured insurance and reinsurance contracts; reinsurance reco verable, including a valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance; the valuation of our investment portfolio and assessment of valuation allowance for expected credit losses; the valuation of deferred income taxes; and the assessment of goodwill for impairment. We believe our accounting policies for these items are of critical importance to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The following discussion provides more information regarding the estimates and assumptions required to arrive at these amounts and should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled: Prior Period Development, Asbestos and Environmental (A E), Reinsurance Recoverable on Ceded Reinsur ance, and Investments, under item 8 and Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses), under item 7. Unpaid losses and loss expenses As an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and U.S. GAAP to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. With the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. The net undiscounted reserves related to structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims are immaterial. The following table presents a roll-forward of our unpaid losses and loss expenses: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Gross Losses Reinsurance Recoverable (1) Net Losses Gross Losses Reinsurance Recoverable (1) Net Losses Balance, beginning of year $ 84,004 $ 17,734 $ 66,270 $ 80,122 $ 17,884 $ 62,238 Losses and loss expenses incurred 33,310 6,610 26,700 32,534 6,512 26,022 Losses and loss expenses paid (30,575) (6,282) (24,293) (27,970) (6,467) (21,503) Other (including foreign exchange translation) 1,279 284 995 (682) (195) (487) Balance, end of year $ 88,018 $ 18,346 $ 69,672 $ 84,004 $ 17,734 $ 66,270 (1) Net of valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. The estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (IBNR) at the balance sheet date. IBNR may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. Loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses). Our loss reserves comprise approximately 76 percent casualty-related business, which typically encompasses long-tail risks, and other risks where a high degree of judgment is required. The process of establishing loss reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured losses 39 Table of Contents known at the date of accrual. For example, the reserves established for high excess casualty claims, asbestos and environmental claims, claims from major catastrophic events, or for our various product lines each require different assumptions and judgments to be made. The effects of inflation create additional uncertainty, while climate change could, over time, add new uncertainties to the loss reserving process. Necessary judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. Hence, ultimate loss payments may differ from the estimate of the ultimate liabilities made at the balance sheet date. Changes to our previous estimates of prior period loss reserves impact the reported calendar year underwriting results adversely if our estimates increase or favorably if our estimates decrease. The potential for variation in loss reserve estimates is impacted by numerous factors. Reserve estimates for casualty lines are particularly uncertain given the lengthy reporting patterns and corresponding need for IBNR. Case reserves for those claims reported by insureds or ceding companies to us prior to the balance sheet date and where we have sufficient information are determined by our claims personnel as appropriate based on the circumstances of the claim(s), standard claim handling practices, and professional judgment. Furthermore, for our Brandywine run-off operations and our assumed reinsurance operation, Global Reinsurance, we may adjust the case reserves as notified by the ceding company if the judgment of our respective claims department differs from that of the cedant. With respect to IBNR reserves and those claims that have been incurred but not reported prior to the balance sheet date, there is, by definition, limited actual information to form the case reserve estimate and reliance is placed upon historical loss experience and actuarial methods to estimate the ultimate loss obligations and the corresponding amount of IBNR. IBNR reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate amount of losses for a product line and subtracting paid losses and case reserves for reported claims. The judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses may pertain to the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual historical data, lo ss development patterns, industry data, and other benchmarks, as appropriate. The estimate of the required IBNR reserve also requires judgment by actuaries and management to reflect the impact of more contemporary and subjective factors, both qualitative and quantitative. Among some of these factors that might be considered are changes in business mix or volume, changes in ceded reinsurance structures, changes in claims handling practices, reported and projected loss trends, inflation, the legal environment, and the terms and conditions of the contracts sold to our insured parties. Determining management's best estimate Our recorded reserves represent management's best estimate of the provision for unpaid claims as of the balance sheet date, and establishing them involves a process that includes collaboration with various relevant parties in the company. For information on our reserving process, refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Sensitivity to underlying assumptions While we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at December 31, 2025, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. As noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. Therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. In the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. We consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption. North America Commercial P C Insurance - Workers' Compensation Given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. Specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percentage point change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $1.1 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. This represents an impact of about 11.1 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $10.0 billion. North America Commercial P C Insurance Liability As is the case for Workers Compensation above, given the long reporting and paid development patterns, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could 40 Table of Contents be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. Specifically, for our main U.S. Excess/Umbrella portfolios, a five percentage point change in the tail factor (e.g., 1.10 changed to either 1.15 or 1.05) would cause a change of approximately $0.9 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. This represents an impact of about 18 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.9 billion for these portfolios. The reserve portfolio for our Chubb Bermuda operations contains exposure to high excess liability, D O and other professional liability coverage (typically with attachment points in excess of $100 million and gross limits of up to $150 million). Due to the layer of exposure covered, the expected frequency for this book is very low. As a result of the low frequency/high severity nature of the book, a small difference in the actual vs. expected claim frequency, either positive or negative, could result in a material change to the projected ultimate loss if such change in claim frequency was related to a policy where significant limits were deployed. North America Personal P C Insurance Due to the relatively short-tailed nature of many of the coverages involved (e.g., homeowners property damage), most of the incurred losses in Personal Lines are resolved within a few years of occurrence. As shown in our loss triangle disclosure, the vast majority (over 90 percent) of Personal Lines net ultimate losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses are typically paid within five years of the accident date and almost 80 percent within two years. Even though there are significant reserves associated with some liability exposures such as personal excess/umbrella liability, our incurred loss triangle also shows a roughly consistent pattern of only relatively minor movements in incurred estimates over time by accident year especially after twenty-four months of maturity. While the liability exposures are subject to additional uncertainties from more protracted resolution times, the main drivers of volatility in the Personal Lines business are relatively short-term in nature and relate to things like natural catastrophes, non-catastrophe weather events, man-made risks, and individual large loss volatility from other fortuitous claim events. North America Agricultural Insurance Approximately 70 percent of the reserves for this segment are from the crop related lines, which all have short payout patterns, with the majority of the liabilities expected to be resolved in the ensuing twelve months. Claim reserves for our Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) product are set on a case-by-case basis and our aggregate exposure is subject to state level risk sharing formulae as well as third-party reinsurance. The majority of the development risk arises out of the accuracy of case reserve estimates and the time needed for final crop conditions to be assessed. We do not view our Agriculture reserves as substantially influenced by the general assumptions and risks underlying more typical P C reserve estimates. Overseas General Insurance Certain long-tail lines, such as casualty and financial lines, are particularly susceptible to changes in loss trend and claim inflation. Heightened perceptions of tort and settlement awards around the world can increase the demand for these products as well as contributing to the uncertainty in the reserving estimates. Our reserving methods rely on loss development patterns estimated from historical data and while we attempt to adjust such factors for known changes in the current tort environment, it is possible that such factors may not entirely reflect all recent trends in tort environments. For example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and financial lines for accident years 2023 and prior by approximately $540 million. This represents an impact of 9.7 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $5.6 billion. Global Reinsurance At December 31, 2025, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the Global Reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.9 billion, consisting of $729 million of case reserves and $1,181 million of IBNR. In comparison, at December 31, 2024, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the Global Reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.9 billion, consisting of $756 million of case reserves and $1,112 million of IBNR. For our catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. Our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves. 41 Table of Contents For our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. Due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. These include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: The reported claims information could be inaccurate; Typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. The use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag. Because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. The reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. Therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and The historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our insurance business in that there may be less historical information available. Further, for certain coverages or products, such as excess of loss contracts, there may be relatively few expected claims in a particular year so the actual number of claims may be susceptible to significant variability. In such cases, the actuary often relies on industry data from several recognized sources. We mitigate the above risks in several ways. In addition to routine analytical reviews of ceding company reports to ensure reported claims information appears reasonable, we perform regular underwriting and claims audits of ceding companies to ensure reported claims information is accurate, complete, and timely. As appropriate, audit findings are used to adjust claims in the reserving process. We also use our knowledge of the historical development of losses from individual ceding companies to adjust the level of adequacy we believe exists in the reported ceded losses. If pricing a renewal contract, we compare data in the renewal submission to our financial data and investigate any discrepancies. On occasion, there will be differences between our carried loss reserves and unearned premium reserves and the amount of loss reserves and unearned premium reserves reported by the ceding companies. This is due to the fact that we receive consistent and timely information from ceding companies only with respect to case reserves. For IBNR, we use historical experience and other statistical information, depending on the type of business, to estimate the ultimate loss. We estimate our unearned premium reserve by applying estimated earning patterns to net premiums written for each treaty based upon that treaty's coverage basis (i.e., risks attaching or losses occurring). At December 31, 2025, the case reserves, net of retrocessions, reported to us by our ceding companies approximated our recorded case reserves. Our policy is to post additional case reserves in addition to the amounts reported by our cedants when our evaluation of the ultimate value of a reported claim is different than the evaluation of that claim by our cedant. Typically, there is inherent uncertainty around the length of paid and reported development patterns, especially for certain casualty lines such as excess workers' compensation or general liability, which may take decades to fully develop. This uncertainty is accentuated by the need to supplement client development patterns with industry development patterns due to the sometimes low statistical credibility of the data. The underlying source and selection of the final development patterns can thus have a significant impact on the selected ultimate net losses and loss expenses. For example, a 20 percent shortening or lengthening of the development patterns used for U.S. long-tail lines would cause the loss reserve estimate derived by the reported Bornhuetter-Ferguson method for these lines to change by approximately $224 million. This represents an impact of 22 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $1,040 million. Corporate Within Corporate, we have exposure to certain liability insurance and reinsurance lines that have been in run-off, generally, since 1994. Unpaid losses and loss expenses relating to this run-off business reside within the Brandywine Division. Most of the remaining unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for the run-off business relate to A E as well as molestation claims. The A E liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. The estimation of our A E liabilities is particularly sensitive to future changes in the legal, social, and economic environment. We have not assumed any such future changes in setting the value of our A E liabilities, which include provisions for both reported and IBNR claims. 42 Table of Contents There are many complex variables that we consider when estimating the reserves for our inventory of asbestos accounts and these variables may directly impact the predicted outcome. We believe the most significant variables relating to our asbestos liabilities include the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to unaggregated coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. Based on the policies, the facts, the law, and a careful analysis of the impact that these factors will likely have on any given account, we estimate the potential liability for indemnity, policyholder defense costs, and coverage litigation expense. The results in asbestos cases announced by other carriers or defendants may well have little or no relevance to us because coverage exposures are highly dependent upon the specific facts of individual coverage and resolution status of disputes among carriers, policyholders, and claimants. Chubb's exposure to molestation claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when it purchased CIGNA's P C business in 1999 and Chubb Corp in 2016. The vast majority of the current liability relates to exposure from recently enacted "reviver" legislation in certain states that allow civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations. For additional information refer to the Asbestos and Environmental (A E) section and to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Future policy benefits Chubb issues contracts that are classified as long-duration, which generally cover accident and supplemental health (A H) products; term, credit, and whole life products (both participating and non-participating); endowment products; and annuities. Accordingly, Chubb establishes a liability for future policy benefits (FPBL) which comprises the present value of estimated future policy benefits to be paid along with certain related expenses, less the present value of estimated future net premiums to be collected. For traditional and limited-payment life insurance contracts, the FPBL is established using a net premium valuation methodology, such that expected policyholder benefit payments are accrued in proportion to premium revenue recognized. Under the net premium methodology, a net premium ratio (NPR) is calculated which requires assumptions on the future cash flow impact of numerous factors including mortality, morbidity, persistency, policyholder behavior, discount rates, and unpaid loss adjustment expenses. We have elected to use unpaid loss adjustment expense assumptions that are locked in at contract inception and are not subsequently reviewed or updated. Except for these expenses, assumptions are regularly reviewed. Determining management s best estimates For traditional and limited-payment long-duration contracts, actuarial assumptions on mortality, morbidity, persistency, and policyholder behavior represent management s long-term best estimates. These best estimate assumptions are generally based on our experience, industry experience, or other factors if there is not sufficient credibility. In establishing best estimate assumptions, we take into consideration the prospective impact of experience deterioration, product changes, distribution changes, and other relevant environmental changes which could result in differences from historically observed experience. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short term and, to the extent trends may change, we expect the change to be gradual over the long term. Best estimate assumptions are reviewed and updated at least annually, and may be updated in interim periods if we observe a material change indicative of a long-term trend. Changes to best estimate assumptions impact expected future cash flows and result in a remeasurement of the FPBL. The FPBL is also remeasured to account for differences between expected and actual experience on mortality, morbidity, and persistency. All such remeasurements are reflected in Policy benefits in the Consolidated statements of operations in the period in which best estimate assumptions were updated. The discount rates used to calculate the net premium ratio are locked in at policy inception, and serve as the basis to recognize interest expense for the life of the policy. Discount rates used to measure the carrying value of the FPBL are updated quarterly, and the differences between the liability balances calculated using the locked-in discount rates and the updated discount rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income (OCI). The discount rate methodology is designed to prioritize observable inputs based on market data available in the local debt markets where the respective policies were issued in the currency in which the policies are denominated. For the discount rates applicable to tenors for which the single-A debt market is not liquid or there is little or no observable market data, we use various estimation techniques, which include, but are not limited to: (i) for tenors 43 Table of Contents where there is less observable market data and/or the observable market data is available for similar instruments, estimating tenor-specific single-A credit spreads and applying them to risk-free government rates; (ii) for tenors where there is very limited or no observable single-A or similar market data, interpolation and extrapolation techniques. Deferred profit liabilities Reserves for limited-payment contracts, under which benefits extend beyond the period of premium collection, also include a deferred profit liability (DPL) that represents gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums. The amortization of DPL is included in Policy benefits on the Consolidated statements of operations, and is in relation to either the discounted amount of insurance in force for life insurance, or expected benefit payments for annuity contracts. The DPL is subject to the same best estimate assumptions used to determine future policy benefits reserves, however, there is no remeasurement of the DPL using then-current discount rates. Sensitivities to underlying assumptions While we believe that our future policy benefits reserves of $18.4 billion are appropriate at December 31, 2025, new information or emerging trends that impact best estimate assumptions may have a material effect on the FPBL and future operating results. In the table below, we give an indication of the potential impact on operating results from a hypothetical change in a single assumption; we do not consider a simultaneous change in a combination of assumptions. Additionally, the table assumes a parallel global shift in best estimate assumptions; however, these may be non-parallel in practice. While we consider each of the following assumption changes to represent a reasonably likely deviation, actual development may be materially different. Further, changes in best estimate assumptions could result in impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements that are in excess of the amounts illustrated. The following table shows the increase or (decrease) of the FPBL as a result of changes in various best estimate assumptions: Liability for Future Policy Benefits Life Insurance (in millions of U.S. dollars) Term Life Whole Life A H Other Total Discount rate +100 basis points (increase)/decrease in OCI $ (39) $ (2,336) $ (322) $ (152) $ (2,849) - 100 basis points (increase)/decrease in OCI 39 2,336 322 152 2,849 Mortality +10% (increase)/decrease in net income 29 60 (1) 88 - 10% (increase)/decrease in net income (26) (64) 1 (89) Morbidity +10% (increase)/decrease in net income 3 43 304 350 - 10% (increase)/decrease in net income (3) (43) (287) (333) Persistency +10% (increase)/decrease in net income (7) (7) (27) (1) (42) - 10% (increase)/decrease in net income 6 6 27 2 41 Valuation of value of business acquired (VOBA) and amortization of VOBA As part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an intangible asset related to VOBA, which represents the estimated fair value of the future profits of in-force long duration contracts. The valuation of VOBA at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves, including mortality, morbidity, persistency, investment yields, expenses, and the discount rate. The most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows. We amortize VOBA as a component of Policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated statements of operations in relation to the profit emergence of the underlying contracts, which is generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used in measuring the liability for future policy benefits. At least annually, we perform a VOBA asset recoverability review using a premium deficiency test to ensure that the unamortized portion does not exceed the expected recoverable amounts. If we determine that the premium margins or gross 44 Table of Contents profits are less than the unamortized balance, then the asset will be adjusted downward with the adjustment recorded as an expense in the current period. Unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified. Risk transfer In the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. We discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. For both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. If risk transfer requirements are not met, deposit accounting applies, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. To meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. We also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. Contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment. Reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. For such contracts, often referred to as structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically assessed for each contract by developing expected cash flow analyses at contract inception. To support risk transfer, the cash flow analyses must demonstrate that a significant loss is reasonably possible. We use various tests to accomplish this, one of which is the ratio of the net present value of losses and ceded commissions divided by the net present value of premiums equals or exceeds 110 percent with at least a 10 percent probability. For purposes of cash flow analyses, we generally use a risk-free rate of return consistent with the expected average duration of loss payments. In addition, to support insurance risk, we must prove the reinsurer's risk of loss varies with that of the reinsured and/or support various scenarios under which the assuming entity can recognize a significant loss. To ensure risk transfer requirements are routinely assessed, qualitative and quantitative risk transfer analyses and memoranda supporting risk transfer are developed by underwriters for all structured products. We have established protocols for all products that include criteria triggering a risk transfer review of the contract prior to binding. If any criterion is triggered, a contract must be reviewed by a committee established by each of our segments with reporting oversight, including peer review, from our global Structured Transaction Review Committee. With respect to ceded reinsurance, we entered into a few multi-year excess of loss retrospectively-rated contracts, principally in 2002. These contracts primarily provided severity protection for specific product divisions. Because traditional one-year reinsurance coverage had become relatively costly, these contracts were generally entered into in order to secure a more cost-effective reinsurance program. All of these contracts transferred risk and were accounted for as reinsurance. In addition, we maintain a few aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contracts that were principally entered into prior to 2003, such as the National Indemnity Company (NICO) contracts referred to in the section entitled, Asbestos and Environmental (A E) . We have not purchased any other retroactive ceded reinsurance contracts since 1999. With respect to assumed reinsurance and insurance contracts, products giving rise to judgments regarding risk transfer were primarily sold by our financial solutions business. Although we have significantly curtailed writing financial solutions business, several contracts remain in-force and principally include multi-year retrospectively-rated contracts and loss portfolio transfers. Because transfer of insurance risk is generally a primary client motivation for purchasing these products, relatively few insurance and reinsurance contracts have historically been written for which we concluded that risk transfer criteria had not been met. For certain insurance contracts that have been reported as deposits, the insured desired to self-insure a risk but was required, legally or otherwise, to purchase insurance so that claimants would be protected by a licensed insurance company in the event of non-payment from the insured. Reinsurance recoverable Reinsurance recoverable includes balances due to us from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and is presented net of a valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. The valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is determined based upon a review of the financial condition of the reinsurers and other factors. Ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve our primary obligation to our policyholders. Consequently, an exposure exists with respect to reinsurance recoverable to the extent that any reinsurer is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities assumed under the reinsurance contracts. We determine the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses using actuarial estimates as well as a determination of our ability to cede unpaid losses and loss expenses under existing reinsurance contracts. 45 Table of Contents The recognition of a reinsurance recoverable asset requires two key judgments. The first judgment involves our estimation based on the amount of gross reserves and the percentage of that amount which may be ceded to reinsurers. Ceded IBNR, which is a major component of the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses, is generally developed as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, its estimation is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimation of gross IBNR (refer to Critical Accounting Estimates Unpaid losses and loss expenses ). The second judgment involves our estimate of the amount of the reinsurance recoverable balance that we may ultimately be unable to recover from reinsurers due to insolvency, contractual dispute, or for other reasons. Estimated uncollectible amounts are reflected in a valuation allowance that reduces the reinsurance recoverable asset and, in turn, shareholders' equity. Changes in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance are reflected in net income. Although the obligation of individual reinsurers to pay their reinsurance obligations is based on specific contract provisions, the collectability of such amounts requires estimation by management. The majority of the recoverable balance will not be due for collection until sometime in the future, and the duration of our recoverables may be longer than the duration of our direct exposures. Over this period of time, economic conditions and operational performance of a particular reinsurer may impact their ability to meet these obligations and while they may continue to acknowledge their contractual obligation to do so, they may not have the financial resources or willingness to fully meet their obligation to us. To estimate the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, the reinsurance recoverable must first be determined for each reinsurer. This determination is based on a process rather than an estimate, although an element of judgment must be applied. As part of the process, ceded IBNR is allocated to reinsurance contracts because ceded IBNR is not generally calculated on a contract by contract basis. The allocations are generally based on premiums ceded under reinsurance contracts, adjusted for actual loss experience and historical relationships between gross and ceded losses. If actual premium and loss experience vary materially from historical experience, the allocation of reinsurance recoverable by reinsurer will be reviewed and may change. While such change is unlikely to result in a large percentage change in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, it could, nevertheless, have a material effect on our net income in the period recorded. Generally, we use a default analysis to estimate uncollectible reinsurance. The primary components of the default analysis are reinsurance recoverable balances by reinsurer, net of collateral, and forward looking default factors used to estimate the probability that the reinsurer may be unable to meet its future obligations in full. The definition of collateral for this purpose requires some judgment and is generally limited to assets held in a Chubb-only beneficiary trust, letters of credit, and liabilities held by us with the same legal entity for which we believe there is a right of offset. We do not currently include multi-beneficiary trusts. However, we have several reinsurers that have established multi-beneficiary trusts for which certain of our companies are beneficiaries. The determination of the default factor is principally based on the financial strength rating of the reinsurer and a corresponding default factor applicable to the financial strength rating. Default factors require considerable judgment and are determined using the current financial strength rating, or rating equivalent, of each reinsurer as well as other key considerations and assumptions. Significant considerations and assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: For reinsurers that maintain a financial strength rating from a major rating agency, and for which recoverable balances are considered representative of the larger population (i.e., default probabilities are consistent with similarly rated reinsurers and payment durations conform to averages), the judgment exercised by management to determine the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance of each reinsurer is typically limited because the financial rating is based on a published source and the default factor we apply is based on a historical default factor of a major rating agency applicable to the particular rating class. Default factors applied for financial ratings of AAA, AA, A, BBB, BB, B, and CCC, are 0.4 percent, 1.1 percent, 1.5 percent, 3.1 percent, 7.3 percent, 11.2 percent, and 52.8 percent, respectively. Because our model is predicated on the historical default factors of a major rating agency, we do not generally consider alternative factors. However, when a recoverable is expected to be paid in a brief period of time by a highly-rated reinsurer, such as certain property catastrophe claims, a default factor may not be applied; For balances recoverable from reinsurers that are both unrated by a major rating agency and for which management is unable to determine a credible rating equivalent based on a parent or affiliated company, we may determine a rating equivalent based on our analysis of the reinsurer that considers an assessment of the creditworthiness of the particular entity, industry benchmarks, or other factors as considered appropriate. We then apply the applicable default factor for that rating class. For balances recoverable from unrated reinsurers for which our ceded reserve is below a certain threshold, we generally apply a default factor of 11.2 percent; For balances recoverable from reinsurers that are either insolvent or under regulatory supervision, we establish a default factor and resulting valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding each company. Upon initial notification of an insolvency, we generally recognize expense for a substantial portion of all 46 Table of Contents balances outstanding, net of collateral, through a combination of write-offs of recoverable balances and increases to the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. When regulatory action is taken on a reinsurer, we generally recognize a default factor by estimating an expected recovery on all balances outstanding, net of collateral. When sufficient credible information becomes available, we adjust the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by establishing a default factor pursuant to information received; and For captives and other recoverables, management determines the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance based on the specific facts and circumstances. The following table summarizes reinsurance recoverables and the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance for each type of recoverable balance at December 31, 2025: Gross Reinsurance Recoverable on Losses and Loss Expenses Recoverables (net of Usable Collateral) Valuation allowance for Uncollectible Reinsurance (1) (in millions of U.S. dollars) Type Reinsurers with credit ratings $ 16,801 $ 15,190 $ 192 Reinsurers not rated 287 226 25 Reinsurers under supervision and insolvent reinsurers 123 122 48 Captives 2,567 492 13 Other, including structured settlements and pools 880 874 42 Total $ 20,658 $ 16,904 $ 320 (1) The valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is based on a default analysis applied to gross reinsurance recoverables, net of approximately $3.8 billion of collateral at December 31, 2025. At December 31, 2025, the use of different assumptions within our approach could have a material effect on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. To the extent the creditworthiness of our reinsurers was to deteriorate due to an adverse event affecting the reinsurance industry, such as a large number of major catastrophes, actual uncollectible amounts could be significantly greater than our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. Such an event could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. Given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible valuation allowance, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. However, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at December 31, 2025, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (e.g., from A to A- or A- to BBB+) could increase our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $56 million or approximately 0.3 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. While a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. Refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for additional information. Fair value measurements Accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (Level 3 inputs). Level 2 includes inputs, other than quoted prices within Level 1, that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. Refer to Note 4 and Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for information on our fair value measurements. Assessment of investment portfolio credit losses Each quarter, we evaluate expected credit losses (ECL) for fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale. Because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets, ECL could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Notes 1 f) and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for more information. Deferred income taxes At December 31, 2025, the Consolidated balance sheet reflects a deferred tax asset of $1.3 billion and a deferred tax liability of $1.7 billion. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. We determine deferred tax assets and 47 Table of Contents liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. There may be changes in tax laws in a number of countries where we transact business that impact our deferred tax assets and liabilities. At each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of the need for a valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income, principally derived from business plans and where there are appropriate available tax planning strategies. Projections of future taxable income incorporate assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. If our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income prove to be incorrect, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. At December 31, 2025, the valuation allowance of $637 million reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized due to the inability of certain subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income. Goodwill impairment assessment Goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $20.2 billion and $19.6 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at the time of acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. Impairment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is the same as, or one level below, an operating segment. The impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. If a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a single quantitative analysis is used to measure and record the amount of the impairment. In assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including: short-term and long-term growth rates; and estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates. If our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of Goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken. Based on our impairment testing for 2025, we determined no impairment was required and none of our reporting units were at risk for impairment. For Goodwill balances, refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8. 48 Table of Contents Consolidated Operating Results Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Net premiums written $ 54,842 $ 51,468 $ 47,361 6.6 % 8.7 % Net premiums written - constant dollars (1) 7.0 % 9.2 % Net premiums earned 53,014 49,846 45,712 6.4 % 9.0 % Net investment income 6,465 5,930 4,937 9.0 % 20.1 % Net realized gains (losses) 211 117 (607) 79.5 % NM Market risk benefits gains (losses) (288) (140) (307) 105.3 % (54.3) % Total revenues 59,402 55,753 49,735 6.5 % 12.1 % Losses and loss expenses 26,700 26,022 24,100 2.7 % 8.0 % Policy benefits 5,460 4,714 3,628 15.8 % 29.9 % Policy acquisition costs 9,847 9,102 8,259 8.2 % 10.2 % Administrative expenses 4,504 4,380 4,007 2.8 % 9.3 % Interest expense 764 741 672 3.1 % 10.0 % Other (income) expense (1,297) (1,023) (836) 26.7 % 22.4 % Amortization of purchased intangibles 301 323 310 (6.9) % 4.3 % Integration expenses and severance 79 39 69 100.3 % (43.4) % Total expenses 46,358 44,298 40,209 4.7 % 10.2 % Income before income tax 13,044 11,455 9,526 13.7 % 20.2 % Income tax expense 2,422 1,815 511 33.5 % NM Net income 10,622 9,640 9,015 10.0 % 6.9 % Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 312 368 (13) (15.3) % NM Net income attributable to Chubb $ 10,310 $ 9,272 $ 9,028 11.2 % 2.7 % NM - not meaningful (1) On a constant-dollar basis. Amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period. Financial Highlights for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Net income attributable to Chubb was a record $10.31 billion compared with $9.27 billion in 2024. Net income in 2025 was driven by double-digit growth in both P C underwriting income and Life segment income, and higher net investment income. Consolidated net premiums written were $54.84 billion, up 6.6 percent. P C net premiums written increased 5.4 percent, with commercial insurance up 4.0 percent and consumer insurance up 9.2 percent. Overall premium growth was driven by strong new business and retention across both commercial and consumer lines, supported by positive rate and exposure increases. In commercial lines, growth was notable in primary and excess casualty, small and mid-market retail and E S, and property. Consumer insurance growth reflects strong new business and retention, including positive rate and exposure increases. Life Insurance segment net premiums written increased 15.1 percent, or 17.3 percent in constant dollars, due to growth in international life of 17.4 percent in constant dollars, predominantly in North Asia, and our Chubb Benefits business of 17.3 percent, primarily driven by worksite business. Pre-tax net investment income was a record $6.5 billion compared with $5.9 billion in 2024, primarily due to higher average invested assets from strong operating cash flow. Other income and expense increased due to higher income from private equities where we own more than three percent. Operating cash flow was $12.8 billion 49 Table of Contents Net Premiums Written % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 C$ 2025 vs. 2024 Property and other short-tail lines $ 9,866 $ 9,543 $ 8,414 3.4 % 13.4 % 3.6 % Commercial casualty 9,691 9,166 8,291 5.7 % 10.5 % 5.7 % Financial lines 5,098 4,907 5,069 3.9 % (3.2) % 3.9 % Workers' compensation 2,252 2,238 2,239 0.6 % 0.6 % Commercial multiple peril (1) 1,787 1,631 1,492 9.6 % 9.3 % 9.6 % Surety 839 785 691 6.8 % 13.8 % 8.8 % Total Commercial P C lines 29,533 28,270 26,196 4.5 % 7.9 % 4.6 % Agriculture 2,926 2,703 3,188 8.2 % (15.2) % 8.2 % Personal homeowners 5,305 4,971 4,429 6.7 % 12.2 % 7.0 % Personal automobile 2,978 2,491 1,991 19.6 % 25.1 % 22.9 % Personal other 2,231 2,076 1,929 7.5 % 7.6 % 6.9 % Total Personal lines 10,514 9,538 8,349 10.2 % 14.2 % 11.0 % Global A H - P C 3,281 3,285 3,145 (0.1) % 4.5 % (0.3) % Reinsurance lines 1,309 1,346 1,018 (2.8) % 32.2 % (3.0) % Total Property and Casualty lines 47,563 45,142 41,896 5.4 % 7.7 % 5.6 % Life Insurance 7,279 6,326 5,465 15.1 % 15.7 % 17.3 % Total consolidated $ 54,842 $ 51,468 $ 47,361 6.6 % 8.7 % 7.0 % (1) Commercial multiple peril represents retail package business (property and general liability). For additional information on net premiums written, refer to the segment operating results discussions. Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development We generally define catastrophe loss events consistent with the definition of the Property Claims Service (PCS) for events in the U.S. and Canada. PCS defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in insured losses and affects a significant number of insureds. For events outside of the U.S. and Canada, we generally use a similar definition. Catastrophe losses are net of reinsurance and include reinstatement premiums, which are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. The reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted. Prior period development (PPD) arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous accident years. PPD includes adjustments relating to either profit commission reserves or policyholder dividend reserves based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. The expense adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies. Refer to the Non-GAAP Reconciliation section for further information on reinstatement premiums on catastrophe losses and adjustments to prior period development. (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Net catastrophe losses $ 2,921 $ 2,387 $ 1,828 Favorable prior period development $ 1,133 $ 856 $ 773 50 Table of Contents Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events: 2025: Severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, including California wildfire losses of $1.47 billion Total North America P C Insurance catastrophe losses were $2.3 billion Total Overseas General catastrophe losses were $505 million 2024: Severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, including Hurricane Helene of $390 million and Hurricane Milton of $309 million. Total North America P C Insurance catastrophe losses were $1.8 billion Total Overseas General catastrophe losses were $459 million 2023: Severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, Hawaii wildfires, and New Zealand storms. Total North America P C Insurance catastrophe losses were $1.4 billion Total Overseas General catastrophe losses were $403 million Pre-tax net favorable PPD for 2025 was $1,439 million in our active companies, including favorable development of $1,329 million in short-tail lines and favorable development of $110 million in long-tail lines. Net favorable development for short-tail lines primarily includes property, marine, and surety lines. Net favorable development for long-tail lines reflects favorable development primarily in workers' compensation partially offset by adverse development in casualty lines. Our corporate run-off portfolio had adverse development of $306 million, primarily driven by adverse development for environmental and molestation-related claims. Pre-tax net favorable PPD for 2024 was $1,152 million in our active companies, including favorable development of $1,144 million in short-tail lines, and favorable development of $8 million in long-tail lines. Net favorable development for short-tail lines primarily includes property, marine, and U.S. homeowners. Net favorable development long-tail lines reflects favorable development primarily in workers compensation mostly offset by adverse development in casualty lines, predominantly commercial excess and umbrella and commercial auto liability. Our corporate run-off portfolio had adverse development of $296 million, with $166 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures, and $58 million related to molestation claims. Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. P C Combined Ratio In evaluating our segments excluding Life Insurance financial performance, we use the P C combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. We calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. We do not calculate these ratios for the Life Insurance segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage the business in that segment. The P C combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. A P C combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income, and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss. 2025 2024 2023 Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 59.1 % 60.4 % 60.6 % Policy acquisition cost ratio 18.6 % 18.1 % 17.8 % Administrative expense ratio 8.0 % 8.1 % 8.1 % P C Combined ratio 85.7 % 86.6 % 86.5 % Catastrophe losses (6.3) % (5.5) % (4.5) % Prior period development 2.5 % 2.0 % 1.9 % P C CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 81.9 % 83.1 % 83.9 % The P C combined ratio and the P C CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2025, reflecting lower losses, partially offset by an increase in the policy acquisition cost ratio from changes in mix of business. The P C combined ratio included higher catastrophe losses, primarily from California wildfires in the first quarter, partially offset by higher favorable prior period development. 51 Table of Contents Policy benefits Policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. Policy benefits include (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account liabilities that do not qualify for separate account treatment under U.S. GAAP. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Other (income) expense in the Consolidated statements of operations. In addition, Policy benefits include the impact on the liabilities from (gains) losses on investment portfolios supporting certain participating policies. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Realized gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations. Refer to the Life Insurance segment operating results section for further discussion. Policy benefits were $5,460 million and $4,714 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in Policy benefits is primarily due to growth in our international life operations. Refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of Net investment income, Other (income) expense, Net realized gains (losses), Interest expense, Amortization of purchased intangibles, and Income tax expense. Segment Operating Results Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 We operate through six business segments: North America Commercial P C Insurance, North America Personal P C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. In addition, the results of our run-off Brandywine business, including all run-off asbestos and environmental (A E) exposures, and the results of Westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years are presented within Corporate. 52 Table of Contents North America Commercial P C Insurance The North America Commercial P C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P C insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This segment includes our North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance division (large corporate accounts and wholesale business), and the North America Commercial Insurance division (principally middle market and small commercial accounts). % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Net premiums written $ 21,280 $ 20,589 $ 19,237 3.4 % 7.0 % Net premiums earned 20,381 20,008 18,416 1.9 % 8.6 % Losses and loss expenses 12,313 12,737 11,256 (3.3) % 13.2 % Policy acquisition costs 2,891 2,718 2,515 6.4 % 8.1 % Administrative expenses 1,394 1,337 1,250 4.3 % 7.0 % Underwriting income 3,783 3,216 3,395 17.6 % (5.3) % Net investment income 3,840 3,556 3,017 8.0 % 17.9 % Other (income) expense 59 32 22 86.2 % 46.6 % Amortization of purchased intangibles 5 3 71.4 % NM Segment income $ 7,559 $ 6,737 $ 6,390 12.2 % 5.4 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 60.4 % 63.7 % 61.1 % (3.3) pts 2.6 pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 14.2 % 13.6 % 13.7 % 0.6 pts (0.1) pts Administrative expense ratio 6.8 % 6.6 % 6.8 % 0.2 pts (0.2) pts Combined ratio 81.4 % 83.9 % 81.6 % (2.5) pts 2.3 pts Catastrophe losses (2.8) % (5.5) % (3.8) % 2.7 pts (1.7) pts Prior period development 2.2 % 2.2 % 2.7 % pts (0.5) pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 80.8 % 80.6 % 80.5 % 0.2 pts 0.1 pts NM not meaningful The following table provides the net premiums written by Major Accounts Specialty, comprising large corporate accounts and wholesale business, and Commercial, principally comprising middle market and small commercial accounts. Production by Size - Net premiums written % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Major Accounts Specialty $ 12,691 $ 12,514 $ 11,653 1.4 % 7.4 % Commercial 8,589 8,075 7,584 6.4 % 6.5 % Total $ 21,280 $ 20,589 $ 19,237 3.4 % 7.0 % Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Net catastrophe losses $ 584 $ 1,103 $ 710 Favorable prior period development $ 421 $ 428 $ 494 Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 53 Table of Contents Premiums Net premiums written increased $691 million, or 3.4 percent, in 2025, which includes P C lines growth of 3.2 percent and financial lines growth of 4.1 percent. Middle market and small commercial grew 6.4 percent, with P C lines up 7.9 percent and financial lines up 1.0 percent. Major accounts retail and specialty grew 1.4 percent, with property and other short-tail lines down 2.7 percent, casualty up 5.2 percent, and financial lines up 7.6 percent. The increase in premiums was across a number of lines, most notably in primary and excess casualty and in small and mid-market commercial retail and E S lines, reflecting new business and rate increases. The increases were partially offset primarily by rate decreases in our Large Risk and E S brokerage property lines. Net premiums earned increased $373 million, or 1.9 percent, in 2025, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above. Combined Ratio The combined ratio decreased in 2025, primarily driven by lower catastrophe losses. The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was relatively flat in 2025, reflecting a change in the mix of business and earned rate exceeding loss trends in certain P C lines, partially offset by higher loss trends relative to earned rate growth in financial lines, and an increase in the expense ratio reflecting one-off benefits in the prior year. North America Personal P C Insurance The North America Personal P C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide high net worth personal lines products, including homeowners and complementary products such as valuable articles, excess liability, automobile, and recreational marine insurance and services in the U.S. and Canada. % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Net premiums written $ 7,024 $ 6,532 $ 5,878 7.5 % 11.1 % Net premiums earned 6,763 6,188 5,536 9.3 % 11.8 % Losses and loss expenses 4,517 3,584 3,511 26.0 % 2.1 % Policy acquisition costs 1,337 1,239 1,128 7.8 % 9.9 % Administrative expenses 336 351 329 (4.2) % 6.7 % Underwriting income 573 1,014 568 (43.4) % 78.5 % Net investment income 486 433 358 12.2 % 20.9 % Other (income) expense 3 1 3 158.6 % (59.3) % Amortization of purchased intangibles 8 9 9 (5.4) % Segment income $ 1,048 $ 1,437 $ 914 (27.0) % 57.2 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 66.8 % 57.9 % 63.4 % 8.9 pts (5.5) pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 19.7 % 20.0 % 20.4 % (0.3) pts (0.4) pts Administrative expense ratio 5.0 % 5.7 % 5.9 % (0.7) pts (0.2) pts Combined ratio 91.5 % 83.6 % 89.7 % 7.9 pts (6.1) pts Catastrophe losses (25.2) % (10.0) % (12.1) % (15.2) pts 2.1 pts Prior period development 6.0 % 4.9 % 2.5 % 1.1 pts 2.4 pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 72.3 % 78.5 % 80.1 % (6.2) pts (1.6) pts 54 Table of Contents Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Net catastrophe losses $ 1,721 $ 622 $ 669 Favorable prior period development $ 403 $ 305 $ 134 Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. Premiums Net premiums written increased $492 million, or 7.5 percent, in 2025, driven by strong new business and retention, including positive rate and exposure increases across most lines. The growth in premiums for the year ended 2025 was partially offset by $50 million of ceded reinstatement premiums related to the California wildfires. Net premiums earned increased $575 million, or 9.3 percent, in 2025, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above. Combined Ratio The combined ratio increased in 2025, reflecting the California wildfire catastrophe losses, including the unfavorable impact of the ceded reinstatement premiums on the expense ratio, which are fully earned and carry no expenses. The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2025, primarily due to an improvement in homeowners and auto from higher rates and lower underlying losses, and a lower administrative expense ratio resulting from the impact of higher net premiums earned and expense management. North America Agricultural Insurance The North America Agricultural Insurance segment comprises our North American based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the U.S. and Canada including crop insurance, primarily Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail through Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. (Rain and Hail), as well as farm and ranch and specialty P C commercial insurance products and services through our Agriculture P C business. % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Net premiums written $ 2,926 $ 2,703 $ 3,188 8.2 % (15.2) % Net premiums earned 2,919 2,705 3,169 7.9 % (14.6) % Losses and loss expenses 2,239 2,170 2,874 3.2 % (24.5) % Policy acquisition costs 169 191 150 (11.4) % 27.3 % Administrative expenses (6) (10) (1) (29.6) % NM Underwriting income 517 354 146 46.0 % 143.3 % Net investment income 86 84 63 2.4 % 33.1 % Other (income) expense 2 1 1 95.1 % Amortization of purchased intangibles 24 25 25 (2.5) % Segment income $ 577 $ 412 $ 183 40.0 % 125.9 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 76.7 % 80.2 % 90.7 % (3.5) pts (10.5) pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 5.8 % 7.1 % 4.7 % (1.3) pts 2.4 pts Administrative expense ratio (0.2) % (0.4) % 0.2 pts (0.4) pts Combined ratio 82.3 % 86.9 % 95.4 % (4.6) pts (8.5) pts Catastrophe losses (0.8) % (2.2) % (1.3) % 1.4 pts (0.9) pts Prior period development 3.5 % 4.1 % 0.6 % (0.6) pts 3.5 pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 85.0 % 88.8 % 94.7 % (3.8) pts (5.9) pts NM not meaningful 55 Table of Contents Net catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Net catastrophe losses $ 24 $ 60 $ 39 Favorable prior period development $ 121 $ 104 $ 18 Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. Premiums Net premiums written increased $223 million, or 8.2 percent, in 2025, primarily due to the favorable year-over-year impact of premium adjustments related to the federal government profit-share agreement of $179 million. Net premiums written for 2025 also reflected higher reported acreage from policyholders, and policy count growth, partially offset by lower commodity prices in the current year. Net premiums earned increased $214 million, or 7.9 percent, in 2025, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above. Combined Ratio The combined ratio decreased in 2025, reflecting lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by a lower year-over-year benefit from favorable prior period development. The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2025, due to a higher estimated underwriting gain for the current crop year compared to prior year. 56 Table of Contents Overseas General Insurance Overseas General Insurance segment comprises Chubb International and Chubb Global Markets (CGM). Chubb International comprises our international commercial P C traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; A H and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the U.S., Bermuda, and Canada. CGM, our London-based international commercial P C excess and surplus lines business, includes Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488. Chubb provides funds at Lloyd's to support underwriting by Syndicate 2488 which is managed by Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited. % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Net premiums written $ 15,024 $ 13,972 $ 12,575 7.5 % 11.1 % Net premiums written - constant dollars 8.0 % 11.8 % Net premiums earned 14,374 13,400 12,231 7.3 % 9.6 % Losses and loss expenses 6,589 6,414 5,643 2.7 % 13.7 % Policy benefits 470 408 457 15.4 % (10.9) % Policy acquisition costs 3,724 3,410 3,113 9.2 % 9.5 % Administrative expenses 1,435 1,351 1,219 6.2 % 10.8 % Underwriting income 2,156 1,817 1,799 18.6 % 1.0 % Net investment income 1,139 1,136 895 0.3 % 26.8 % Other (income) expense 50 14 (25) NM NM Amortization of purchased intangibles 78 81 70 (4.3) % 15.8 % Segment income $ 3,167 $ 2,858 $ 2,649 10.8 % 7.9 % Segment income - constant dollars 10.6 % 7.9 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 49.1 % 50.9 % 49.9 % (1.8) pts 1.0 pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 25.9 % 25.4 % 25.4 % 0.5 pts pts Administrative expense ratio 10.0 % 10.1 % 10.0 % (0.1) pts 0.1 pts Combined ratio 85.0 % 86.4 % 85.3 % (1.4) pts 1.1 pts Catastrophe losses (3.5) % (3.4) % (3.3) % (0.1) pts (0.1) pts Prior period development 3.3 % 2.2 % 3.1 % 1.1 pts (0.9) pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 84.8 % 85.2 % 85.1 % (0.4) pts 0.1 pts NM not meaningful Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Net catastrophe losses $ 505 $ 459 $ 403 Favorable prior period development $ 471 $ 290 $ 376 Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 57 Table of Contents Net Premiums Written by Region % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 C$ 2024 2025 vs. 2024 C$ 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Region Europe, Middle East, and Africa $ 6,491 $ 6,132 $ 5,713 $ 6,221 5.9 % 4.3 % 7.3 % Asia (1) 5,337 4,822 4,072 4,797 10.7 % 11.3 % 18.4 % Latin America 3,059 2,876 2,653 2,749 6.3 % 11.3 % 8.4 % Other (2) 137 142 137 143 (3.4) % (3.7) % 4.2 % Net premiums written $ 15,024 $ 13,972 $ 12,575 $ 13,910 7.5 % 8.0 % 11.1 % Region 2025 % of Total 2024 % of Total 2023 % of Total Europe, Middle East, and Africa 43 % 44 % 45 % Asia (1) 36 % 34 % 33 % Latin America 20 % 21 % 21 % Other (2) 1 % 1 % 1 % Net premiums written 100 % 100 % 100 % (1) Includes the consolidated results of Huatai P C effective July 1, 2023. (2) Includes the international supplemental A H run-off business of Combined Insurance and other international operations. Premiums Overall, net premiums written increased $1,052 million in 2025, or $1,114 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting growth in commercial lines of 5.2 percent, or 5.3 percent on a constant-dollar basis, and growth in consumer lines of 11.0 percent, or 12.0 percent on a constant-dollar basis. Our European division increased in 2025, supported by both our wholesale and retail divisions primarily from growth in commercial property in our retail and wholesale business, and cyber and marine growth driven by higher new business. Asia increased in 2025, reflecting growth primarily in consumer lines, including personal lines and A H. Commercial lines growth reflects higher new business in property. Growth in Asia is also attributable to the acquisition of Liberty Mutual's P C insurance business in Thailand. Latin America increased in 2025, reflecting growth in personal lines business, including automobile in Mexico. Commercial lines increased driven by growth across all lines. Net premiums earned increased $974 million in 2025, or $989 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above. Combined Ratio The combined ratio decreased in 2025, reflecting higher favorable prior period development, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2025, reflecting loss ratio improvement, primarily from commercial lines, offset by an increase in the expense ratio reflecting changes in mix of business. 58 Table of Contents Global Reinsurance The Global Reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda, Chubb Tempest Re USA, Chubb Tempest Re International, and Chubb Tempest Re Canada. Global Reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the Chubb Tempest Re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and non-traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary P C companies. % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Net premiums written $ 1,309 $ 1,346 $ 1,018 (2.8) % 32.2 % Net premiums written - constant dollars (3.0) % 32.2 % Net premiums earned 1,353 1,272 962 6.4 % 32.2 % Losses and loss expenses 640 711 426 (10.0) % 66.9 % Policy acquisition costs 396 342 264 15.8 % 29.7 % Administrative expenses 37 39 37 (6.3) % 7.5 % Underwriting income 280 180 235 56.2 % (24.0) % Net investment income 354 253 208 39.8 % 22.1 % Other (income) expense (2) NM Segment income $ 634 $ 433 $ 445 46.5 % (2.8) % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 47.3 % 55.9 % 44.3 % (8.6) pts 11.6 pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 29.3 % 26.9 % 27.4 % 2.4 pts (0.5) pts Administrative expense ratio 2.7 % 3.1 % 3.8 % (0.4) pts (0.7) pts Combined ratio 79.3 % 85.9 % 75.5 % (6.6) pts 10.4 pts Catastrophe losses (6.7) % (11.5) % (0.7) % 4.8 pts (10.8) pts Prior period development 1.7 % 2.0 % 3.1 % (0.3) pts (1.1) pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 74.3 % 76.4 % 77.9 % (2.1) pts (1.5) pts NM not meaningful Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development (in millions of U.S dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Net catastrophe losses $ 87 $ 143 $ 7 Favorable prior period development $ 23 $ 25 $ 28 Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. Premiums Net premiums written decreased $37 million, or 2.8 percent, in 2025, primarily due to the impact of a large one-off structured transaction in the prior year. Excluding the effects of this transaction, net premiums written was mostly flat as growth in casualty lines was offset by decreases in property, financial, and specialty lines. Net premiums earned increased $81 million, or 6.4 percent, in 2025, reflecting the changes in net premiums written described above. Net premiums earned also includes the impact of new business written in the prior year for which premiums are earned in the current year. Combined Ratio The combined ratio decreased in 2025, primarily reflecting lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by lower favorable prior period development. The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2025, primarily due to lower loss expectations in property and casualty lines. 59 Table of Contents Life Insurance The Life Insurance segment comprises our international life operations including the life and asset management business of Huatai Group, Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the supplemental accident, health, disability, and life business of Chubb Benefits. % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Net premiums written $ 7,279 $ 6,326 $ 5,465 15.1 % 15.7 % Net premiums written - constant dollars 17.3 % 18.5 % Net premiums earned 7,224 6,273 5,398 15.1 % 16.2 % Losses and loss expenses 109 112 114 (2.7) % (1.8) % Policy benefits 4,961 4,101 3,216 21.0 % 27.5 % Policy acquisition costs 1,330 1,202 1,089 10.7 % 10.3 % Administrative expenses 836 880 771 (5.1) % 14.3 % Net investment income 1,127 1,003 756 12.4 % 32.7 % Other (income) expense (165) (159) (115) 3.8 % 39.7 % Amortization of purchased intangibles 38 42 30 (10.4) % 40.5 % Segment income $ 1,242 $ 1,098 $ 1,049 13.1 % 4.6 % Segment income - constant dollars 16.7 % 7.3 % Premiums Net premiums written increased $953 million in 2025, or $1,076 million on a constant-dollar basis. For our international life operations, net premiums written increased 14.8 percent, or 17.4 percent on a constant-dollar basis, primarily driven by strong new business in North Asia, notably in Hong Kong, Huatai, Taiwan, and Korea. Growth also includes $117 million from a one-time large transaction in New Zealand. Net premiums written in our Chubb Benefits business increased 17.3 percent, or 17.9 percent on a constant-dollar basis in 2025, from growth in worksite business of 32.1 percent. Deposits The following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts: % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 C$ 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts $ 2,227 $ 2,571 $ 1,590 (13.4) % (14.3) % 61.8 % Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our Consolidated statements of operations in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations, they are key to our efforts to grow our business. Life deposits collected decreased $344 million in 2025, reflecting a shift towards insurance products in Taiwan, and market volatility. Life Insurance segment income Life Insurance segment income increased $144 million in 2025, or $178 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the growth in premiums described above, expense leverage, and higher fees and net investment income from asset growth. 60 Table of Contents Corporate Corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments, and loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (A E) liabilities and certain other non-A E run-off exposures, including molestation. Effective July 1, 2023, 100 percent of Huatai Group s non-insurance operations results, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Losses and loss expenses $ 309 $ 299 $ 281 2.9 % 6.8 % Administrative expenses 472 432 402 9.6 % 6.9 % Underwriting income (loss) (781) (731) (683) 6.8 % 6.9 % Net investment income (loss) (93) (105) 25 (11.6) % NM Other income (expense) 676 490 380 37.9 % 29.0 % Amortization of purchased intangibles 148 163 176 (9.4) % (6.6) % Net realized gains (losses) 294 (91) (602) NM (85.0) % Market risk benefits gains (losses) (288) (140) (307) 105.3 % (54.3) % Interest expense 764 741 672 3.1 % 10.2 % Integration expenses and severance 79 39 69 100.3 % (43.4) % Income tax expense 2,422 1,815 511 33.5 % NM Net loss $ (3,605) $ (3,335) $ (2,615) 8.1 % 27.5 % Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 312 368 (13) (15.3) % NM Net loss attributable to Chubb $ (3,917) $ (3,703) $ (2,602) 5.8 % 42.3 % NM not meaningful Losses and loss expenses increased in 2025 primarily due to adverse development relating to our legacy asbestos and environmental exposures, and non A E run-off casualty exposure, including molestation. Administrative expenses increased in 2025, primarily due to increased spending to support growth, including digital growth initiatives and higher employee-related expenses. Integration expenses and severance principally comprise legal and professional fees and all other costs primarily related to acquisitions, as well as severance expenses incurred as part of transformation initiatives to enhance operational efficien