=== LNT_2026-03-31.htm.gz ===
lnt-20260330 0000352541 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0000352541 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000352541 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000352541 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000352541 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000352541 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000352541 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 ALLIANT ENERGY CORP ORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): x No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREOWNERS OF ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION DATE: May 20, 2026 TIME: 8:00 a.m. CDT www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LNT2026 VIRTUAL MEETING ONLY NO PHYSICAL LOCATION The virtual Annual Meeting may be accessed at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LNT2026 , where you will be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions and vote online. AGENDA: 1. Elect four directors nominated by our Board of Directors to serve on our Board of Directors, for terms expiring at the 2029 Annual Meeting of Shareowners 2. Approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers 3. Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 4. Attend to any other business properly presented at this meeting RECORD DATE: March 16, 2026 Shareowners of record of our common stock as of the close of business on March 16, 2026 will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. PROXY VOTING: YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. Whether or not you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, please vote promptly. You may vote your shares online or by telephone. Instructions for voting are on the enclosed proxy card. If you prefer, you may sign and date the enclosed proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope. PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL MEETING: The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareowners will be held exclusively online via live webcast. Shareowners of record as of the close of business on March 16, 2026, are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LNT2026 . To participate in the online Annual Meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 8:00 a.m. CDT. Online check-in will begin at 7:45 a.m. CDT. Please allow ample time for the online check-in procedures. ANNUAL REPORT: A copy of our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 was included with these proxy materials. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareowner Meeting to be held on May 20, 2026. The Alliant Energy Corporation Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareowners and the Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, are available at www.alliantenergy.com/eproxy. By Order of the Board of Directors, Omar N. Chaudhary Corporate Secretary Dated, mailed and made available online on or before March 31, 2026. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules, a notice containing instructions on how to access this proxy statement and our annual report online was mailed, starting on or about March 31, 2026, and we provided access to our materials online before that date to certain holders of our common stock on the close of business on the record date. TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Summary Proposal One Election of Directors 1 Corporate Governance 8 Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors 12 2025 Director Compensation 17 Ownership of Voting Securities 19 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 20 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 21 Compensation Committee Report 34 Summary Compensation Table 35 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 38 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 40 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 42 2025 Pension Benefits 43 2025 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation 45 2025 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 47 Pay Versus Performance 5 1 Proposal Two Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 54 Report of the Audit Committee 55 Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 56 Proposal Three Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 57 Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting 58 PROXY SUMMARY Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained in this Proxy Statement. It is only a summary. Please read the entire Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report before you vote. 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareowners Date and Time: May 20, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. CDT Record Date: March 16, 2026 Place: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LNT2026 Voting Matters Board Recommendation Page 1. Election of Four Director Nominees FOR all Director Nominees 1 2. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR 54 3. Ratification of Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as Independent Registered Public Accountants for 2026 FOR 57 Vote your proxy today in one of the following methods: www.proxyvote.com (800) 690-6903 Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided. Your proxy card must be received by May 19, 2026. 401(k) participants cards must be received by May 17, 2026. Vote your proxy online until 10:59 p.m. CDT on May 19, 2026. 401(k) participants votes must be received by May 17, 2026. Vote your proxy using a touch-tone telephone until 10:59 p.m. CDT on May 19, 2026. 401(k) participants votes must be received by May 17, 2026. If you vote your proxy online or by telephone, you do NOT need to mail back your proxy card. See pages 58-61 for directions on voting your proxy and to see how your votes are counted. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Proposal One ELECTION OF DIRECTORS At our annual meeting of shareowners (Annual Meeting), four directors will be elected. The nominees are: Patrick Allen Manu Asthana Ignacio Cortina Michael Garcia Each nominee currently serves on our Board of Directors. If elected as directors, each of Mr. Allen, Mr. Asthana, Mr. Cortina and Mr. Garcia will serve until our Annual Meeting of Shareowners in 2029 or until his successor has been duly qualified and elected. The nominees were selected by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for evaluating nominees for director and director candidates. The Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to maintain a balanced and highly qualified Board by considering a range of perspectives, industry experience, leadership capabilities, functional expertise, and background that align with the Company s strategic needs. We recognize that a variety of viewpoints, informed by different professional and personal experiences, strengthens governance, enhances decision-making and supports long term value creation. The following charts reflect the skills and qualifications and demographic information that the Board views as important when evaluating director nominees. Each director nominee also contributes other important skills, expertise, experience and personal attributes to the Board that are not reflected in the chart below. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 2 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The balance of tenure of our directors promotes experience and stability while also allowing for a broader understanding of the issues that can affect our business. Since 2023, we have added four new independent directors to our Board. Our more tenured directors provide deep historical perspective of our Company and our industry and provide leadership to the Board. Our newer directors provide fresh perspectives and benefit from the knowledge and experience of our more tenured directors. This optimal combination of experience, subject matter expertise and fresh perspectives ensures that our Board is able to provide oversight and guidance that is innovative, balanced and aligned with the Company s purpose and strategy. Our Bylaws set a mandatory retirement age for directors to encourage Board refreshment, providing that a Director may not stand for election at an Annual Meeting of Shareowners after reaching age 70. The Bylaws do not provide any exceptions nor the ability to waive the mandatory retirement age. In fulfilling its responsibility to identify qualified candidates for membership on the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers, among other factors, the following attributes of all nominees: Highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values Highly accomplished in his or her respective field, with superior credentials and recognition and broad experience at the administrative and/or policy-making level in business, government, education, technology or public interest Ability to exercise sound business judgment Independence from any particular constituency and/or ability to represent all of our shareowners and commitment to enhance long-term shareowner value Relevant expertise and experience and the ability to offer advice and guidance to our Chief Executive Officer based on that expertise and experience Sufficient time available to devote to activities of the Board of Directors and to enhance his or her knowledge of our business The Nominating and Governance Committee regularly evaluates the composition of the Board in light of the Company s strategy and the types of risks and opportunities associated with the strategy. The committee seeks to nominate directors that provide a mix of experience, knowledge and abilities in aggregate that enable the Board to fulfill its responsibilities. Biographies of the director nominees and continuing directors follow. The biographies list the key qualifications, skills and experience of each director nominee and continuing director that led to the Board s conclusion that the person should serve. Each nominee and continuing director s age is as of March 31, 2026. Directors will be elected by a majority of the votes cast at the meeting assuming a quorum is present. Any shares not voted at the meeting, including abstentions and broker non-votes, will not be counted as votes cast. The proxies solicited may be voted for a substitute nominee or nominees if any of the nominees is unable to serve, or for good reason will not serve, a contingency the Board of Directors does not currently anticipate. Alliant Energy Corporation (Alliant Energy) is a public utility holding company whose wholly-owned regulated utility subsidiaries are Interstate Power and Light Company (IPL) and Wisconsin Power and Light Company (WPL). Additional information regarding the selection process for members of the Board of Directors can be found starting on page 15. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the nominees for director. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR Summary : As independent Board Chair, Mr. Allen brings to our Board extensive experience in financial, strategic, and risk management leadership. Mr. Allen served as Chief Financial Officer at Collins Aerospace from 2018 until his retirement in 2020. He served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Rockwell Collins, Inc. in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, leading the company s finance activities, including financial planning, accounting, treasury, audit, and tax from 2005 to 2018. Mr. Allen previously served in various financial officer positions at Rockwell Collins and its subsidiaries since 2001. Before joining Rockwell Collins, he served in various roles at Rockwell International, including Vice President and Treasurer, Vice President of Financial Planning, and Assistant Controller. Prior to that, he worked as an auditor at Deloitte Touche and has passed the certified public accountancy examination. Mr. Allen has served on the Board of Tennant Company, a manufacturer of floor cleaning equipment, since 2026, and he served on the Board of Triumph Group, Inc., an aerospace company, from 2023 to 2025. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; technology systems; environmental and safety. Patrick Allen Age: 61 Director since: 2011 Nominated for a term expiring in 2029 Independent Board Chair Committee memberships: Executive (Chair) Summary : Mr. Asthana has extensive background in the energy industry with nearly three decades of leadership experience, bringing deep expertise in electric and gas markets, grid operations, power generation and trading, risk management, retail energy, customer solutions and enterprise strategy. Mr. Asthana was President and Chief Executive Officer of PJM Interconnection from January 2020 to December 2025. PJM Interconnection oversees the largest power grid in North America and one of the largest electricity markets in the world. Prior to that, he held roles of increasing importance with accountabilities related to financial performance, risk, and operations at public and private utility companies. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; customer perspective; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; technology systems; environmental and safety. Manu Asthana Age: 52 Director since: 2026 Nominated for a term expiring in 2029 Committee memberships: Audit Operations Summary : Mr. Cortina brings to the Board extensive experience in public policy, compliance, corporate governance, environmental and legal matters. Mr. Cortina has been Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer of Oshkosh Corporation, a leading innovator of mission-critical vehicles and essential equipment, since November 2024. From February 2023 until November 2024, Mr. Cortina served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. He previously served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 2016 to 2023. He has held various roles of increasing responsibility since joining Oshkosh Corporation in 2003. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; environmental and safety. Ignacio Cortina Age: 54 Director since: 2023 Nominated for a term expiring in 2029 Committee memberships: Compensation Nominating and Governance ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 4 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Summary : Mr. Garcia brings to our Board extensive operational leadership in heavy industrial industries. Mr. Garcia was the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Algoma Steel Group Inc., from June 2022 until his retirement in December 2025. Mr. Garcia was President of the Pulp and Paper Division of Domtar Corporation from April 2014 to January 2021. Prior to joining Domtar, Mr. Garcia was the Chief Executive Officer at EVRAZ Highveld Steel Vanadium Co., in South Africa. Mr. Garcia has more than 25 years of international management experience in paper, steel, and aluminum manufacturing and marketing. Mr. Garcia has been nominated to serve on the Board of Directors of Canfor Corporation, an integrated forest products company with shares traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; customer perspective; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; technology systems; environmental and safety. Michael Garcia Age: 61 Director since: 2020 Nominated for a term expiring in 2029 Committee memberships: Executive Nominating and Governance Operations (Chair) CONTINUING DIRECTORS Summary : Ms. Barton brings extensive knowledge of the utility industry to the Board. Ms. Barton has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Alliant Energy since January 2024. She has served as Chief Executive Officer of IPL and WPL since February 2023. She previously was President and Chief Operating Officer of Alliant Energy from February 2023 to January 2024. Prior to joining Alliant Energy, Ms. Barton served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) from January 2021 to November 2022, Executive Vice President Utilities of AEP from January 2020 to December 2020, and Executive Vice President Transmission of AEP from 2011 to 2019. Ms. Barton has served on the Board of Directors of Commercial Metals Company, a manufacturer, recycler and marketer of steel and metal products, since 2020. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; customer perspective; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; technology systems; environmental and safety. Lisa Barton Age: 60 Director since: 2024 Term expires in: 2027 Committee memberships: Equity Awards Summary : Ms. Cox brings to our Board more than three decades of experience in the energy sector leading strategic planning, P L management, human resources, manufacturing, supply chain and other functional roles for global organizations. Ms. Cox served as Executive President of Operations at John Wood Group PLC (Wood), a global leader in consulting and engineering in energy and materials markets, from October 2020 through July 2022. She also served as Wood s Chief Executive Officer of Asset Solutions for the Americas from October 2019 to October 2020. Prior to joining Wood, Ms. Cox held multiple executive leadership roles with Schlumberger Limited (SLB), a global technology company that drives energy innovation for a balanced planet, spanning a 28-year career, including President, North America Land Drilling; Vice President, Human Resources; President, North America; President, Asia; and leadership positions overseeing IT, Human Resources, Manufacturing and Supply Chain. Ms. Cox is the founder of Blue Sky Ambition, an executive coaching and leadership training company in 2024. Ms. Cox has served on the Board of Directors of Technip Energies, N.V., an engineering and technology company for the energy transition with shares listed on Euronext Paris, since 2023. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; customer perspective; human capital management; risk management; technology systems; environmental and safety. Stephanie Cox Age: 57 Director since: 2023 Term expires in: 2027 Committee memberships: Compensation (Chair) Executive Operations ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 5 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Summary : Ms. Falotico brings to our Board more than three decades of experience across a diverse set of areas including business leadership, corporate governance, strategic planning, regulatory banking, marketing and sales, enterprise risk management, global operations and business transformations. Ms. Falotico served as President of Lincoln Motor Company from March 2018 until she retired in December 2022. She also served as Ford Motor Company s Chief Marketing Officer from March 2018 until January 2021 and was a Group Vice President of Ford Motor Company since 2016. Ms. Falotico was named an Executive Vice President of Ford Motor Credit Company, a leading global automotive financial services provider, in 2012. In 2016 she was named Chief Operating Officer and moved rapidly into the role of Chair and CEO, serving as CEO until 2018 and Chair until 2019. She served as a Director of Ford Motor Credit Company until 2022. Ms. Falotico has served on the Boards of Lineage, Inc., a global temperature-controlled warehouse REIT since 2024, and Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc., a worldwide broad-line manufacturer of welding, cutting and brazing products since 2025. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; customer perspective; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; technology systems; environmental and safety. Joy Falotico Age: 58 Director since: 2021 Term expires in: 2028 Committee memberships: Audit (Chair) Executive Operations Summary : Mr. Newport brings to our Board broad experience and leadership in finance and operations of a manufacturing company. He served as Chief Executive Officer and a Director of AK Steel Holding Corporation from January 2016 until March 2020, when he retired in connection with the acquisition of AK Steel by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Newport served at AK Steel Holding Corporation as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer since May 2015, as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer since May 2014, and as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer since May 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Newport served in a variety of other leadership positions since joining AK Steel in 1985, including Vice President-Business Planning and Development, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, Assistant Treasurer, Investor Relations, Manager-Financial Planning and Analysis and Product Manager. Mr. Newport has served on the Board of American Financial Group, Inc., an insurance holding company, since 2024. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; customer perspective; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; technology systems; environmental and safety. Roger Newport Age: 61 Director since: 2018 Term expires in: 2027 Committee memberships: Compensation Operations Summary : Mr. O Toole brings to our Board his strong experience in revenue strategy, customer strategy, data-driven business and digital commerce. Since 2025, Mr. O Toole has been Executive Director, Kellogg Executive Fellows Program and Clinical Professor of Marketing at the Kellogg School of Management of Northwestern University. From 2023 to 2025, Mr. O Toole was Associate Dean, Executive Programs and Clinical Professor at Kellogg. From 2020 to 2023, Mr. O'Toole was Associate Dean, Executive Education and Clinical Professor of Marketing at Kellogg. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. O Toole was Executive Director, Program for Data Analytics at Kellogg and Clinical Professor of Marketing. He is the principal of O Toole Associates, LLC, through which he serves as a Senior Advisor with McKinsey Co., a global management consulting firm. Until his retirement in 2016, Mr. O Toole was Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President of United Airlines and President, MileagePlus of United Continental Holdings, Inc., a global air carrier. He joined United in 2010 as Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President and held positions with United as Senior Vice President, Marketing and Loyalty and President, MileagePlus, Chief Operating Officer, MileagePlus, and Chief Marketing Officer. Before joining United, Mr. O Toole held leadership roles for over 13 years with Hyatt Hotels Corporation, including as Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Information Officer. He served on the Boards of Directors of LSC Communications, Inc., a print, print-related services and office products company, until 2021, and Extended Stay America Inc., a hotel owner and operator, until 2021. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; customer perspective; technology systems. Thomas O Toole Age: 68 Director since: 2015 Term expires in: 2028 Committee memberships: Audit Nominating and Governance ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 6 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Summary : Ms. Raymond brings extensive customer-focused marketing experience to our Board. Ms. Raymond has served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at Kohl s, a leading retailer, since August 2022. In her current role, she is responsible for Kohl s marketing and customer service organizations, including the overall marketing strategy, brand and creative, media and personalization, credit and loyalty, customer insights and analytics, corporate communications, and philanthropic efforts. Prior to her current role, she was Executive Vice President Customer Engagement, Analytics Insights from June 2020 to August 2022 and Senior Vice President, Media and Personalization from October 2017 to June 2020 at Kohl s. Prior to joining Kohl s, Ms. Raymond served in marketing, new business, and strategic planning leadership roles at The Walt Disney Company, where she had extensive experience with customer analytics and digital marketing, and Aspen Club Technologies. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; customer perspective; risk management; technology systems. Christie Raymond Age: 56 Director since: 2024 Term expires in: 2028 Committee memberships: Audit Compensation Summary : Ms. Sanders brings valuable leadership and insights as an experienced leader of our Board. Ms. Sanders has been the President of Carol P. Sanders Consulting LLC since 2015, a business consulting firm serving insurance and technology clients. She served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Sentry Insurance, a Mutual Company, located in Stevens Point, Wisconsin from 2013 to 2015. Previously, she served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer of Jewelers Mutual Insurance Company. Before that, Ms. Sanders served as Controller and Assistant Treasurer of Sentry Insurance. She has served on the Board of Directors of RenaissanceRE Holdings Ltd., a global provider of reinsurance and insurance since 2016, and served on the Board of First Business Financial Services, Inc., a Wisconsin-based bank holding company from 2016 to 2024. Skills and Qualifications : strategic leadership; financial acumen/literacy; operations; public policy and regulatory; human capital management; risk management; technology systems. Carol Sanders Age: 59 Director since: 2005 Term expires in: 2027 Committee memberships: Audit Executive Nominating and Governance (Chair) ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Purpose and Values Our purpose at Alliant Energy is to serve customers and build strong communities. Our purpose, supported by our values, is the foundation of our culture, guides our actions, and describes how we accomplish our strategy. Ethical and Legal Compliance Policy Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Conduct that serves as our code of ethics. We created our Code of Conduct to define our standards for workplace behavior and to provide guidance on what to do in difficult situations and gray areas. These guidelines apply to all employees, at every level, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and Chief Accounting Officer (CAO), as well as the members of our Board of Directors. The expectations laid out in the Code of Conduct are quite simple: make good choices and live our values. Our Code of Conduct is posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. To comply with the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K, we will post any new amendments, other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments, to, or waivers from our Code of Conduct granted to our CEO, CFO, or CAO on that website throughout the year. In addition, we have an insider trading policy that applies to directors, officers, and employees. We also follow procedures that apply to purchases and sales of securities by the Company. We believe our insider trading policy and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to Alliant Energy. A link to a copy of our insider trading policy is included as Exhibit 19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that outline how directors can represent investor interests and oversee how the Company fulfills its purpose. The Corporate Governance Guidelines, in conjunction with the Board committee charters, establish processes and procedures to help ensure effective and responsive governance by the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that at least 75% of the members of the Board of Directors must be independent directors under the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq). The Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees must be composed only of independent directors. The Board of Directors evaluates directors independence under the applicable Nasdaq rules, including the categorical standards of independence provided by Nasdaq rules. The Board of Directors also considers certain other factors to determine a director s independence. The Board of Directors adopted resolutions that affirm that each of Mr. Allen, Mr. Asthana, Mr. Cortina, Ms. Cox, Ms. Falotico, Mr. Garcia, Mr. Newport, Mr. O Toole, Ms. Raymond, and Ms. Sanders, has no material relationship with the Company that would impair his or her independent judgment as a director and, therefore, is independent in accordance with Nasdaq rules. Majority Voting in Uncontested Director Elections Under our Bylaws, if a director nominee in an uncontested election (i.e., an election where the number of nominees is not greater than the number of directors to be elected) receives more AGAINST votes than FOR votes, the director nominee is required to offer his or her resignation to the Chair of the Board of Directors following certification of the shareowner vote. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider such resignation and make a recommendation to the Board whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Governance Committee s recommendation and all other factors deemed relevant, and publicly disclose (by a press release, a filing with the SEC or other broadly disseminated means of communication) its decision regarding the tendered resignation within 90 days ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE from the date of final certification of the shareowner vote. The director who has tendered a resignation pursuant to this provision will not participate in the Nominating and Governance Committee s or the Board s deliberations or decision with respect to the tendered resignation. Attendance and Performance Evaluations Our Board of Directors held eight Board meetings in 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board of Directors and Board committees on which he or she served during his or her tenure on the Board. The Board of Directors and each Board committee conduct performance evaluations annually to determine their effectiveness and suggest improvements. In addition, the Compensation Committee evaluates the performance of the CEO on an annual basis. Members of our Board of Directors are expected to attend our Annual Meeting of Shareowners. All members of our Board of Directors at the time of the 2025 Annual Meeting were present for the 2025 Annual Meeting. Related-Person Transactions We have adopted a written policy regarding related-person transactions. The policy provides that we will annually disclose information regarding related-person transactions as required by regulations of the SEC to be disclosed, or incorporated by reference, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. For purposes of the policy related-person means any of our directors or executive officers, nominees for director and any member of the immediate family of such person. A related-person transaction is generally a transaction in which: (1) we are a participant; (2) the amount involved exceeds $120,000; and (3) a related-person has a direct or indirect material interest. A related-person transaction does not include: The payment of compensation by us to our executive officers, directors or nominees for director A transaction in which the interest of the related-person arises solely from the ownership of our shares and all shareowners receive the same benefit on a pro-rata basis A transaction in which the rates or charges involved are determined by competitive bids, or that involves the rendering of services as a common or contract carrier or public utility at rates or charges fixed and in conformity with law or governmental authority A transaction that involves services as a bank, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or similar services Furthermore, a related-person is not deemed to have a material interest in a transaction if the person s interest arises only: From the person s position as a director of another party to the transaction From the ownership by such person and all other related-persons, in the aggregate, of less than a 10% equity interest in another entity (other than a partnership) that is a party to the transaction From such person s position as a limited partner in a partnership in which such person and other related-persons have an interest of less than 10%, and the person is not a general partner of, and does not hold another position in, the partnership From both such director position and ownership interest Pursuant to the policy, each of our executive officers, directors and nominees for director is required to disclose to the Nominating and Governance Committee certain information regarding related-person transactions for review, approval or ratification by the committee. If possible, they should disclose the related-person transaction to the committee before the related-person transaction occurs. In any event, they must disclose the transaction as soon as practicable after the transaction is effected or they become aware of it. The Nominating and Governance Committee will decide whether to approve or ratify the related-person transaction based on whether the transaction is contrary to the best interests of the Company. The committee may take into account the effect of a director s related-person transaction on such person s status as an independent member of our Board of Directors and eligibility to serve on Board committees under Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Nasdaq rules. We had no related-person transactions since the beginning of 2025, and no related-person transactions are currently proposed. Risk Oversight Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing and understanding our purpose, vision and mission, strategic plans, overall corporate risk profile, risk parameters, annual operating plans and annual budgets, and for monitoring whether these plans are being implemented effectively. We utilize an enterprise risk management (ERM) program, which is designed to identify, assess, communicate and manage mate rial risks in a structured framewor k. Under the ERM program, management periodically reviews an extensive risk inventory and assigns values and rankings to identify key risks, and identifies mitigation strategies for key risks. The Audit Committee oversees the ERM program. Risks identified under the ERM program are overseen by the Board or a designated Board committee and certain members of management, and internal audit assessments of such risks are periodically completed as needed. In addition, the Executive Review and Risk Committee, composed of senior executives, reviews business, financial, reputational, and operational risks that may be material to the Company, as well as processes to control, mitigate and monitor the risks, including risks identified through the ERM progra m . The process assigns oversight of certain risks to the Board of Directors or certain Board committees. Significant operational risks are the subject of regularly scheduled reports to the full Board of Directors or the appropriate Board committee. Board and Committee risk oversight is assigned based on the oversight responsibilities of the Board and Committees, which is discussed below. The full Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of our key risks related to information and technology systems, including cybersecurity risks. The Board retains direct oversight of cybersecurity matters to best utilize the experiences and expertise of all Board members. Management, including the Chief Information Officer, provides reports approximately quarterly to the Board regarding risks, ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE threats, the threat landscape, assessments of and improvements to the cybersecurity program, and internal response preparedness. The Audit Committee provides oversight of policies on risk assessment, controls, and accounting risk exposure, reviews cybersecurity disclosures in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and reviews internal audit reports related to cybersecurity processes. The Operations Committee provides focused oversight of operational and capital related cybersecurity and technology matters. The Compensation Committee conducted an assessment of our compensation policies and practices in 2025. The result of this assessment is described in further detail under Compensation Committee Risk Assessment in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Oversight of Corporate Responsibility and Other Areas We recognize the importance of corporate responsibility to our purpose, values, and ultimately our daily operations. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for general oversight of corporate responsibility, including review and approval of our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. The Board of Directors and Board committees engaged in oversight of corporate responsibility and various other areas in 2025 as follows. Board of Directors Purpose and Mission Company Strategy Cyber and Physical Security Public Policy Enterprise Budgeting and Financing Committees of the Board Operations Environmental Stewardship Capital Projects Customer Experience Safety Operational Resiliency Compensation Executive Compensation Performance Metrics Corporate Culture Workforce Development Succession Planning (non-CEO) Audit Financial Statement Integrity Enterprise Risk Management Corporate Compliance Tax Matters Nominating and Governance Corporate Responsibility Board Governance and Structure Shareowner Matters Political Engagement CEO Succession Shareowner Outreach In 2025 and the first quarter of 2026, we reached out to holders of approximately 55% of our outstanding shares, and held discussions with those who agreed to meet. Our outreach meetings generally included discussions about governance, executive compensation, sustainability, public policy impacts on our strategy, resource planning to accommodate expected growth and board risk oversight. The Board Chair, CEO, Chief Human Resources Officer and members of the Environmental Services Corporate Sustainability, Corporate Secretary, Human Resources, Legal and Investor Relations departments participated in these discussions. Shareowner feedback and suggestions that we received were reported to the Board of Directors or relevant Board committee for consideration. In addition, our top managers, including the CEO and CFO, regularly participate in investor and industry conferences throughout the year to discuss performance and share perspectives on Company and industry developments. We also offer channels for shareowners to contact the Board of Directors with any inquiry or issue. Communication with Directors Shareowners and other interested parties may communicate with the full Board of Directors, non-employee directors as a group, or individual directors (including the Board Chair) by writing to our Corporate Secretary, who will post such communication directly to our Board of Directors confidential web portal. Board of Directors Leadership Structure Our Bylaws and our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board of Directors is responsible for selecting a Chair of the Board of Directors and a CEO. The Board of Directors regularly reviews the leadership structure considering a variety of factors to implement an approach it believes is in the best interests of the Company, its customers and its shareowners. The Board of Directors recognizes that, depending on the specific characteristics and circumstances of the Company, other Board leadership structures might also be appropriate. The Board designated Mr. Allen as an independent Board Chair in 2025. He executes all of the duties designated to the Board Chair in our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines and provides strong independent leadership and oversight to the Board. The Board determined that having an independent Board Chair was prudent at this time. In her role as President and CEO, Ms. Barton focuses on leading all aspects of the Company s strategy development and execution as we navigate changes occurring in the industry. Since the Board Chair is an independent director, according to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, we do not have a lead independent director. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 10 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Other Board Service Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a director who is expected to be elected or appointed to an additional board of directors of a public company shall provide notice to the Board Chair and Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee prior to accepting such additional directorship. This requirement allows the Chairs of the Board and committee to evaluate for any potential conflicts, whether the directors will continue to have sufficient time available to devote to the activities of the Board of Directors, and any other considerations related to fulfilling their responsibilities to our shareowners. Executive Sessions The independent directors meet in executive session with no member of our management present at every regular meeting of the Board of Directors. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors has five standing committees: (1) Audit; (2) Compensation; (3) Nominating and Governance; (4) Operations; and (5) Executive. The Board of Directors has adopted formal written charters for each of the standing committees, which are posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. The Board of Directors also has established an Equity Awards Committee, which has the authority to approve certain limited equity issuances to employees other than executive officers. Directors serve on the following standing committees: Audit Compensation Nominating and Governance Operations Executive Patrick Allen C Manu Asthana Lisa Barton Ignacio Cortina Stephanie Cox C Joy Falotico C Michael Garcia C Roger Newport Thomas O Toole Christie Raymond Carol Sanders C C = Committee Chair = Member ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 12 MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Audit Committee Members Joy Falotico, Chair Manu Asthana Thomas O Toole Christie Raymond Carol Sanders Independence and Financial Expertise All members are independent as required by applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Asthana, Ms. Falotico and Ms. Sanders are audit committee financial experts and all committee members are financially sophisticated within the meaning of Nasdaq rules. Meetings The committee held six meetings in 2025. Charter The committee charter is posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. Responsibilities The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are: Engaging and overseeing the Company s independent auditors (taking into account the vote on shareowner ratification), considering the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditors, periodically reviewing and evaluating the lead audit partner of the independent auditors and periodically considering whether to rotate the independent auditors Pre-approving all audit engagement services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors Reporting to the Board of Directors on the quality and integrity of the Company s financial statements and its related internal controls over financial reporting, and reviewing with management and the independent auditors: (1) the Company s annual and quarterly financial statements and other financial disclosures, including earnings press releases and earnings guidance; and (2) major issues as to the adequacy of the Company s internal control over financial reporting Reviewing with the independent auditors and the Company s internal auditors the overall scope and plans for their respective audits Preparing the Report of the Audit Committee for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement Reviewing and assessing the guidelines and policies governing the Company s risk management processes, the Company s major financial risk exposures and actions taken to monitor and control such risk exposures Overseeing compliance and ethical standards adopted by the Company Reviewing the status of the Company s compliance with laws, regulations and internal procedures, and monitoring contingent liabilities and risks that may be material to the Company Establishing procedures for the Company to receive, retain and respond to the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns regarding accounting and auditing matters or other federal securities law matters Additional information on oversight roles and responsibilities of the Audit Committee is provided on pages 9-10. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Compensation Committee Members Stephanie Cox, Chair Ignacio Cortina Roger Newport Christie Raymond Independence All members are independent as required by applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Meetings The committee held six meetings in 2025. Charter The committee charter is posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. Responsibilities The primary responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are: Overseeing compensation philosophy and policies relating to compensation of the Company s executive officers Setting corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO and executive compensation and evaluating the CEO s performance compared to those goals Determining and approving the CEO s compensation and benefits based on the CEO s performance Reviewing and approving the compensation of the other executive officers Reviewing and approving stock ownership requirements Overseeing the general health of the Company s working environment and how the Company is addressing any related trends Reviewing the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and producing a Compensation Committee Report for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement Evaluating its relationship with any compensation consultant for any conflicts of interest and assessing the independence of any of its legal, compensation or other external advisors Additional information on the roles and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee is provided on pages 9-10 and in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 21. Compensation Advisor The Compensation Committee has engaged Pay Governance LLC as its independent external advisor to analyze the competitive level of executive compensation and provide information regarding executive compensation trends. The committee reviewed its relationship with Pay Governance and considered Pay Governance s independence and the existence of potential conflicts of interest. The committee determined that the engagement of Pay Governance did not raise any conflict of interest or other issues that would adversely impact Pay Governance s independence. In reaching this conclusion, the committee considered various factors, including: Whether Pay Governance and its advisors provide other services to us The amount of fees we pay to Pay Governance as a percentage of Pay Governance s total revenues The policies and procedures that Pay Governance has implemented to prevent conflicts of interest Any business or personal relationship of an individual Pay Governance advisor working with us or with a member of the committee Any of our stock owned by the individual Pay Governance advisor working with us Any business or personal relationships between our executive officers and Pay Governance or the Pay Governance advisor working with us Delegation The Board of Directors has delegated to the Equity Awards Committee the authority to approve certain limited equity issuances to employees other than executive officers. Ms. Barton is the sole member of this committee. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No person who served as a member of the Compensation Committee during 2025: (a) served as one of our officers or employees or (b) has any relationship requiring disclosure as a related-person transaction under Item 404 of the SEC Regulation S-K. None of our executive officers serves as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any other company that has an executive officer serving as a member of our Board of Directors or our Compensation Committee. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 14 MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Nominating and Governance Committee Members Carol Sanders, Chair Ignacio Cortina Michael Garcia Thomas O Toole Independence All members are independent as required by applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Meetings The committee held eight meetings in 2025. Charter The committee charter is posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. Responsibilities The primary responsibilities of the Nominating and Governance Committee are: Developing criteria and qualifications, including independence standards, for selecting director candidates and identifying qualified candidates for membership on the Board of Directors and Board committees Making recommendations to the Board of Directors concerning the composition, size, structure and activities of the Board of Directors and Board committees Assessing and reporting to the Board of Directors on the performance and effectiveness of the Board of Directors and Board committees Ensuring that directors receive continuing director education Reviewing and determining whether to approve or ratify any related-person transactions Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to director compensation and benefits Developing and recommending to the Board of Directors updates to our Corporate Governance Guidelines and other corporate governance policies and practices Overseeing corporate responsibility initiatives, including approving the Corporate Responsibility Report Overseeing the political engagement activity of the Company Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding shareowner proposals, working with other committees as appropriate Reviewing and recommending to the Board of Directors succession plans for the Company s CEO Additional information on oversight roles and responsibilities of the Nominating and Governance Committee is provided on pages 9-10. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for evaluating nominees for director and director candidates. The considerations used by the committee to identify qualified candidates for membership on the Board are described starting on page 2. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee maintains a file of potential director nominees, which is reviewed when we search for a new director. The committee has also engaged a national consulting firm to perform searches for director candidates who meet the current needs of the Board. In recruiting Mr. Asthana, the Nominating and Governance Committee retained a search firm to help identify director prospects, perform candidate outreach, and provide other related services. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider recommendations for director nominees made by shareowners and evaluate them using the same criteria as for other candidates. Recommendations received from shareowners are reviewed by the Chair of the committee to determine whether each candidate meets the minimum membership criteria set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines and, if so, whether the recommended candidate s expertise and particular set of skills and background fit the current needs of the Board of Directors. Any shareowner recommendation must be sent to the Corporate Secretary of Alliant Energy at 4902 North Biltmore Lane, Madison, Wisconsin 53718 and must include biographical information. Shareowners wishing to nominate director candidates directly for consideration by shareowners must write to our Corporate Secretary in a timely manner as specified in our Bylaws. Board of Directors Diversity The Nominating and Governance Committee seeks a Board of Directors with diverse opinions, perspectives and backgrounds. We believe we have been effective in assembling a diverse body of individuals as measured by the criteria of age, gender, ethnicity, race, tenure, skills, qualifications and experience specified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines as shown in the chart on page 2. Approximately 73% of our directors are women or ethnically or racially diverse individuals. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Operations Committee Members Michael Garcia, Chair Manu Asthana Stephanie Cox Joy Falotico Roger Newport Independence All members are independent as defined by the Nasdaq rules. Meetings The committee held seven meetings in 2025. Charter The committee charter is posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. Responsibilities The primary responsibilities of the Operations Committee are: Reviewing and overseeing environmental policy and planning issues Reviewing and overseeing safety issues and policies Reviewing and monitoring issues of strategic importance related to the Company s operations such as reliability, quality of service, customer care and customer satisfaction Reviewing and assessing risk in relation to the Company s operations Reviewing and monitoring issues with significant impact on the utility capital budgets and energy resource adequacy Additional information on oversight roles and responsibilities of the Operations Committee is provided on page 10. Executive Committee Members Patrick Allen, Chair Stephanie Cox Joy Falotico Michael Garcia Carol Sanders Independence All members are independent as defined by the Nasdaq rules. Meetings The committee generally does not meet and did not meet in 2025. Charter The committee charter is posted at www.alliantenergy.com/investors under the Governance tab. Responsibilities The Executive Committee possesses all the power and authority of the Board of Directors when the Board is not in session. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 16 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 2025 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table summarizes the compensation paid to or earned by our non-employee directors during 2025. Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (2) Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (3) All Other Compensation ($) (4) Total ($) Patrick Allen $422,500 $0 $0 $422,500 Ignacio Cortina $290,000 $0 $0 $290,000 Stephanie Cox $302,500 $0 $0 $302,500 Joy Falotico $315,000 $0 $0 $315,000 Michael Garcia $310,000 $0 $0 $310,000 John Larsen $183,750 $120 $2,500 $186,370 Roger Newport $290,000 $0 $3,500 $293,500 Thomas O'Toole $295,000 $1,546 $0 $296,546 Christie Raymond $295,000 $0 $0 $295,000 Carol Sanders $328,125 $2,882 $500 $331,507 (1) Ms. Barton was also an employee of the Company in 2025 and received no additional compensation for her service on our Board of Directors and therefore is not included in this table. Compensation received by Ms. Barton for 2025 is shown in the Summary Compensation Table. Mr. Larsen retired as Executive Chair in May 2025. Mr. Asthana did not serve on the Board in 2025 and is therefore not included in this table. (2) The amounts shown in this column in clude the following aggregate dollar amounts deferred and the corresponding number of shares of common stock credited in our Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan Company Stock Account by each of the following directors: Name Aggregate Dollar Amounts Deferred Number of Shares of Common Stock Credited Ignacio Cortina $188,500 3,064 Stephanie Cox $290,000 4,714 Joy Falotico $236,250 3,840 Michael Garcia $248,000 4,031 Roger Newport $217,500 3,536 Christie Raymond $295,000 4,795 (3) The amounts shown in this column represent above-market interest on non-qualified deferred compensation. (4) The amounts in this column include payments made to charities through the Alliant Energy Foundation, Inc. matching gift program. Infrequently, spouses and guests of directors accompany the directors on a corporate aircraft when the aircraft is already going to a specific destination for a business purpose at no aggregate incremental cost to the Company. Retainer Fees In 2025, all non-employee directors received an annual cash retainer for Board service, payable quarterly in advance. The following table shows the annual cash retainer received for service in 2025 and the annual retainer that will be received for service in 2026, as well as other fees for director services. Fees for 2025 and 2026 were based on a review of market-based compensation for non-employee directors presented by the Compensation Committee s independent consultant. Year Annual Retainer for Board Service Board Chair Lead Independent Director Chair of the Audit Committee Chair of the Compensation Committee Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee Chair of the Operations Committee Other Audit Committee Members 2025 $290,000 $200,000 $35,000 $25,000 $20,000 $20,000 $20,000 $5,000 2026 $300,000 $200,000 $35,000 $25,000 $20,000 $20,000 $20,000 $5,000 ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Meeting Fees In 2025, directors did not receive any additional compensation for attendance at Board or committee meetings. The same applies for 2026. Expense Reimbursements Pursuant to our directors expense reimbursement policy, we reimburse all directors for travel and other necessary business expenses incurred in the performance of their responsibilities for us, including certain continuing education expenses. Committees are provided the opportunity to retain outside independent advisors, as needed. We also extend coverage to directors under our Directors and Officers Indemnity Insurance Policies. Receipt of Fees in Stock For fees paid in 2025 and 2026, directors were encouraged to use 55% of their cash retainer to purchase shares of our common stock through the Shareowner Direct Plan or the Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan. A non-employee director may elect to receive, or the Nominating and Governance Committee may require that a non-employee director be paid, all or any portion of his or her annual cash retainer payment or other cash fees in the form of shares of common stock issued under our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan or a successor plan thereto. Share Ownership Requirements Directors are required to be shareowners. The target share ownership level for non-employee directors is the number of shares equal to the value of two times the full annual retainer (equivalent to $580,000 in 2025). Directors have five years after joining the Board of Directors to attain the ownership requirement. Shares held by directors in the Shareowner Direct Plan and the Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan are included in the target goal. As of December 31, 2025, all of our current non-employee directors who have been Board members for five years or more have met the target share ownership level. The directors who have joined the Board in the last five years that have not met the target share ownership level are on track to achieve the target level within the required timeline. We continue to monitor the status of the target ownership levels and review them with the Compensation Committee. Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan Under the Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan, directors may elect to defer all or part of their retainer fee to an Interest Account, Equity Account, Company Stock Account or Mutual Fund Account. Deferrals credited to the Interest Account receive an annual return based on the 10-year Treasury Bond Rate plus 1.50%. Deferrals credited to the Equity Account are treated as invested in an S P 500 index fund. Deferrals credited to the Company Stock Account are treated as though invested in our common stock and are credited with dividend equivalents, which are treated as if reinvested in our common stock. Deferrals credited to the Mutual Fund Account are treated as invested in a mutual fund or other investment vehicle offered under our Alliant Energy Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan as selected by the director. Payments from our Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan by reason of death or retirement may be made in a lump sum or in annual installments for up to 10 years at the election of the director. Payments from our Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan for any reason other than death or retirement are made in a lump sum. Alliant Energy Matching Gift Program Directors are eligible to participate in the Alliant Energy Foundation, Inc. matching gift program, which is generally available to all employees and retirees. Under this program, the foundation matches 100% of charitable donations over $50 to eligible charities. In 2025, the amount of matching contributions was capped at $3,500 per year for each director. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 18 OWNERSHIP OF VOTING SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF VOTING SECURITIES Listed below are the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned, except as otherwise indicated, as of March 16, 2026 by: (1) the named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table; (2) all of our director nominees and directors; and (3) all director nominees, directors and executive officers as a group. No individual director or executive officer owned more than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock on that date. The directors and executive officers as a group owned less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock on that date. No director or executive officer owns any other equity of Alliant Energy Corporation or any of its subsidiaries. None of the shares held by the executive officers and directors are pledged. Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Restricted Stock Units (2) Total NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Lisa Barton 33,338 74,114 107,452 Robert Durian 142,530 20,204 162,734 Raja Sundararajan 13,195 19,855 33,050 Antonio Smyth 9,567 12,370 21,937 David de Leon 42,803 7,224 50,027 DIRECTOR NOMINEES Patrick Allen 49,499 49,499 Manu Asthana 1,000 1,000 Ignacio Cortina 9,660 9,660 Michael Garcia 24,897 24,897 DIRECTORS Stephanie Cox 17,206 17,206 Joy Falotico 20,062 20,062 Roger Newport 31,676 31,676 Thomas O Toole 38,203 38,203 Christie Raymond 7,792 7,792 Carol Sanders 71,213 71,213 All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (18 people) 533,148 140,871 674,019 (1) Ms. Barton s share ownership is shown in the named executive officer section. She is also a director. Total shares of Alliant Energy common stock outstanding as of March 16, 2026 were 258,276,483. Named executive officers and directors own fractional shares of common stock. Fractional shares have been rounded to the nearest whole share in this table and in this footnote. Included in the beneficially owned shares shown are the following number of shares of common stock held in deferred compensation plans: Mr. Allen 45,002; Mr. Cortina 9,560; Ms. Cox 16,706; Ms. Falotico 18,852; Mr. Garcia 24,887; Mr. Newport 30,676; Mr. O Toole 38,003; Ms. Raymond 7,542; Ms. Sanders 71,213; (all executive officers and directors as a group 262,442). Included in the beneficially owned shares are 2,679 shares that Mr. Smyth has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 16, 2026, upon the vesting of restricted stock units. These shares are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of class beneficially owned by Mr. Smyth, but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of class beneficially owned by any other person. (2) Unvested Restricted Stock Units do not have investment or voting power and are not considered beneficially owned under SEC rules. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 OWNERSHIP OF VOTING SECURITIES The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership by the only owners known to us to own more than 5% of Alliant Energy s common stock. The beneficial ownership set forth below has been reported on Schedule 13G filings with the SEC by the beneficial owners, as of the respective date provided below. Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Voting Power Investment Power Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Sole Shared Sole Shared Aggregate Percent of Class The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 (dated as of February 13, 2024) 0 434,877 30,889,968 1,204,244 32,094,212 12.58% BlackRock Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 (dated as of January 24, 2024) 21,913,481 0 23,143,382 0 23,143,382 9.10% State Street Corporation 1 Congress Street, Suite 1 Boston, MA 02114-2016 (dated as of October 14, 2024) 0 11,905,354 0 16,242,078 16,243,234 6.30% Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of shares of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely upon a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations from our reporting persons, we are not aware of any late or delinquent filings under Section 16(a), except for one late filing for Ms. Rebecca Valcq covering one transaction related to tax withholding that was filed on March 19, 2026 as an amendment to a Form 4 filed on February 23, 2026. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 20 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS INTRODUCTION Alliant Energy is entering a period of meaningful growth, anticipating load growth of approximately 50% by 2031, positioning us for industry-leading performance and long-term shareowner value creation. Our strategy to grow at the pace of our customers positions us well for the future while maintaining customer affordability. The Compensation Committee believes it is essential to align leadership incentives with the execution of this next phase of growth. At the same time, the utility industry faces an increasingly competitive environment for experienced leadership and technical talent that are able to successfully execute a high-growth strategy while balancing customer costs. The Compensation Committee considers these factors when designing the Company s executive compensation program. Emphasizing long-term incentive opportunities for executive officers and key employees ensures that Alliant Energy can attract and retain the talent needed to deliver sustained value creation while maintaining strong alignment with shareowner value. Our named executive officers for 2025 were: 1. Lisa Barton : President and Chief Executive Officer 2. Robert Durian : Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 3. Raja Sundararajan : Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer 4. Antonio Smyth : Executive Vice President 5. David de Leon : Senior Vice President Mr. Smyth joined the Company in April 2025. HOW WE PERFORMED 2025 Highlights The charts below show our consistent earnings growth and strong long-term total shareowner returns. The amounts shown above under the title Consistent Earnings include non-GAAP EPS results. 2023 GAAP EPS from consolidated earnings from continuing operations was $2.78. Adjusted EPS from Continuing Operations in 2023 excluded $0.04 per share of charges related to remeasurement of deferred tax assets due to Iowa state income tax rate changes for non-utility and parent companies. 2024 GAAP EPS from consolidated earnings from continuing operations was $2.69. Adjusted EPS from Continuing Operations in 2024 excluded a $0.17 per share asset valuation charge for IPL s Lansing Generating Station as a result of the order in IPL s retail electric rate review, $0.08 per share of restructuring and voluntary separation charges, a $0.06 per share asset retirement obligation initial charge for steam assets at IPL due to the revised Coal Combustion Residuals Rule, and a $0.04 per share adjustment of deferred tax assets due to Iowa tax reform. 2025 GAAP EPS from consolidated earnings from continuing operations was $3.14. Adjusted EPS from Continuing Operations in 2025 excluded $0.05 per share of charges related to an asset valuation charge at Alliant Energy s non-utility business, a $0.03 per share charge related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets, reflecting an increase in estimated state income tax apportionment, and a $0.02 per share charge related to preliminary investments in a development site that will not be utilized due to customer cost advantages at another site. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 22 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS HOW WE DETERMINE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our compensation vision is to provide compensation programs that promote the achievement of our growth strategy, provide competitive compensation opportunities to attract, retain and motivate a highly talented executive team, and align executives interests with those of our shareowners. Key Objectives of our Compensation Program Pay for Performance: A substantial portion of our executive officers compensation is based on achievement of financial and operational performance goals, with long-term equity-based awards delivering a majority of the incentive-based pay Align with Business Strategy: Performance metrics are closely aligned with the Company s growth strategy and the interests of the Company s stakeholders Retain Talent: Compensation is competitive relative to industry peers and to the general industry to attract and retain talent based on role Create Long-Term Value: A substantial portion of our executive officers compensation is delivered through performance and time-based equity awards that vest over three years Promote Equity Ownership: Long-term incentive awards settle in stock, which, combined with our share ownership requirement, promotes executive officer ownership of our common stock, directly aligning shareowner and management interests Minimize Systemic Risk-Taking: a mix of long-term and short-term compensation and using multiple performance criteria to determine awards, with caps on payouts reduces ability and incentives to take excessive risks HOW WE PAY NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Our components of executive compensation are: Component Description Objective within Compensation Program Base Salary Fixed compensation, subject to annual review and adjusted in response to changes in responsibility, performance, strategic importance, experience in role and competitive practice Provides base compensation at a level consistent with competitive practices Reflects roles, responsibilities, skills, experience and performance Adheres to competitive market practices Short-Term (Annual) Incentive Compensation Annual cash incentive pay based on achievement of objective Company performance measures Motivates and rewards achievement of annual financial and operational goals Links pay to performance Aligns pay with our strategic plan Long-Term (Equity) Incentive Compensation Incentive-based equity awards payable if performance goals are achieved during a sustained period Motivates and rewards sustained financial performance Promotes equity ownership Enhances retention of management personnel Aligns pay with our strategic plan Long-Term (Equity) Service-Based Compensation Time-vesting equity awards earned after three years, subject to continuous employment Enhances retention of management personnel Promotes equity ownership Retirement and Other Benefits Tax-qualified, deferred compensation and other benefits Provides for current and future needs of the executives and their families Enhances recruitment and retention Adheres to competitive market practices Post-Termination Compensation Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreements (KEESAs) and Executive Severance Plan provide contingent amounts payable only if employment is terminated under certain conditions Enhances retention of management personnel by providing employment continuity Encourages the objective evaluation and execution of potential changes to the Company s strategy and structure ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Our compensation components are weighted toward incentive-based compensation, as shown below: Base Salary The Compensation Committee annually reviews and adjusts salaries based on changes in the market, responsibilities and performance against job expectations, strategic importance and experience. The Company is not contractually bound by employment or other agreements to pay particular levels of base salary to our executive officers, thereby affording flexibility in those determinations. The following table sets forth the base salaries of each named executive officer as of the end of the 2025 and 2024 calendar years, as well as the percentage change from the prior year. Named Executive Officer 2025 Base Salary 2024 Base Salary Percentage Increase Lisa Barton $1,139,500 $1,075,000 6.0% Robert Durian $700,000 $650,000 7.7% Raja Sundararajan $650,000 $600,000 8.3% Antonio Smyth $635,000 N/A N/A David de Leon $480,000 $465,000 3.2% The salary increases reflect efforts to keep total targeted compensation in line with market. Following these adjustments, the salaries in aggregate align with the market median. Mr. Smyth joined the Company in April 2025. Short-Term (Annual) Incentive Pay Executive officers participate in the Executive Short-Term Incentive Pay (EXSTIP) Plan that provides the opportunity for annual cash payments tied directly to the achievement of key financial goals and operational goals related to the customer experience, environmental targets, and safety. The Compensation Committee sets Company and individual goals guided by our purpose, our values and our strategic plan. The Company goals incorporate financial and operational objectives to drive value for both our shareowners and customers. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 24 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Company goals for 2025, their weightings, and our performance compared to those goals are shown below. Goal Target Percentage of Performance Pool Target Actual Percentage Payment Toward Performance Pool Consolidated EPS from Continuing Operations (EPS) 70% EPS: (1) Threshold: $3.10 Target: $3.20 Maximum: $3.30 $3.24 98% Customer Experience 6% Customer Interaction Survey: Threshold: 8.5 Target: 8.7 Maximum: 9.0 8.7 6% 6% SAIDI: Threshold: 93.7 Target: 84.3 Maximum: 73.3 81.2 8% 6% SAIFl: Threshold: .91 Target: .82 Maximum: .71 0.79 7% Environmental 6% Percent of Time Renewable Assets are Available: Threshold: 85% Target: 88% Maximum: 92% 89.3% 8% Safety 3% Lost Time Incident Rate: Threshold: .69 Target: .62 Maximum: .55 .78 % 3% Percent of Injuries Reported to Manager within 24 Hours: Threshold: 90% Target: 95% Maximum: 100% 94% 3% TOTAL 100% 130% (1) 2025 GAAP EPS from consolidated earnings from continuing operations was $3.14. Adjusted EPS from Continuing Operations in 2025 excluded $0.05 per share of charges related to an asset valuation charge at Alliant Energy s non-utility business, a $0.03 per share charge related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets, reflecting an increase in estimated state income tax apportionment, and a $0.02 per share charge related to preliminary investments in a development site that will not be utilized due to customer cost advantages at another site. The Compensation Committee approved earnings per share (EPS) as the financial goal to reward earnings growth. The 2025 EPS target was approximately 5% higher than the 2024 EPS target and 2024 performance. This aligns with our strategy and rewards meeting the expectations of our shareowners. Operational goals related to customer experience, environmental targets, and safety reflect our corporate purpose and values. The customer experience goals are linked to our customer-focused strategy and guided by our purpose to offer safe, reliable, and affordable service to our customers. The customer interaction target measures our efforts to create a simple, personalized experience for our customers by soliciting feedback after customer interactions and averaging the feedback responses. Customer reliability is measured by using the System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI), which measures outage duration, and the System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI), which measures outage frequency. Both of these goals measure our current year reliability compared to our 10-year historical average. The environmental goal rewards the amount of time our renewable generation assets are available for generation, which supports affordability and powering our expected growth with sustainable resources. In alignment with our safety-first culture, annual incentives include a performance metric targeting reductions in lost-time incidents and promoting a culture of continuous improvement. Each performance goal is measured independently of other goals. Company performance compared to the goals was 130% as shown in the chart above. The maximum amount payable for Company performance is capped at 200% of target. Individual performance goals are set to drive an individual s contribution to our strategic business imperatives. The goals can be both qualitative and quantitative and can vary for each executive officer. The Compensation Committee may use individual performance to modify the amount of an incentive award earned by an executive officer. For 2025, the committee did not modify the awards of any ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS named executive officer based on individual performance, and all payouts to the named executive officers for 2025 were calculated based on achievement of the Company goals shown above. Each officers target opportunity under the EXSTIP Plan is approved by the Compensation Committee as a percentage of base salary based on survey data, experience, strategic importance and individual responsibilities. Targets as a percentage of base salary for 2025 are set forth below. Named Executive Officer EXSTIP Plan Target as a Percentage of 2025 Base Salary Lisa Barton 125% Robert Durian 85% Raja Sundararajan 80% Antonio Smyth 80% David de Leon 75% Amounts earned in 2025 under the EXSTIP Plan are provided in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table. Long-Term Equity Awards We award long-term equity compensation to focus our executive officers on increasing shareowner value by executing our growth strategy, to retain management personnel, to encourage sustained achievement of key metrics, and to align management interests with shareowner interests and customer interests over a multi-year period. In 2025, we granted long-term awards under our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan to our named executive officers as shown below. Award Type Performance Shares (75%) Restricted Stock Units (25%) Metric Total Shareowner Return Net Income Growth Renewables Service-based As shown above, 75% of the target long-term equity awards granted to our named executive officers are performance-based, payable only if minimum threshold goals are met. All outstanding long-term equity awards are settled in shares of our common stock which increases equity ownership by our executives to better align executives and shareowners interests. Performance shares reward total shareowner return (TSR) relative to the performance of our peer utility companies in the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Stock Index, absolute net income growth, and the successful execution of renewable generation and energy storage projects. Performance shares are forfeited if threshold results are not achieved during the applicable performance period. In 2025, the target long-term incentive awards were allocated as follows: 35% to performance shares that vest based on relative TSR, 35% to performance shares that vest based on net income growth, 5% to performance shares that vest based on renewable generation and energy storage metrics. Service-based restricted stock units, which represent the remaining 25% of target total long-term incentive awards, vest in a single installment based on continued service over three years. These awards enhance retention of management personnel and align our executive officers long-term financial interests to the interest of our shareowners. These long-term equity awards are forfeited if the executive officer voluntarily leaves the Company (other than for retirement) or is terminated for cause during the time-vesting period. In 2023, we granted performance restricted stock units which vest over a three-year performance period based on achievement of pre-established net income and workforce composition metrics. These performance restricted stock units were replaced in 2024 by performance shares. Currently, we do not issue stock options, do not have any outstanding stock options and do not anticipate issuing stock options. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 26 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Each target payout percentage for long-term incentive grant values is approved by the Compensation Committee. 2025 target long-term incentive grant values as a percentage of base salary are set forth below. Named Executive Officer 2025 Target Long-Term Equity Grant Value as a Percentage of Base Salary Lisa Barton 460% Robert Durian 230% Raja Sundararajan 220% Antonio Smyth 220% David de Leon 130% The Compensation Committee considers market data, experience, strategic importance, individual responsibilities and the competitiveness of the total compensation package when setting long-term incentive opportunities. The target dollar value of the long-term equity awards is determined prior to the grant date, and we grant the number of target units necessary to approximate that dollar value based on the fair market value of our share price on the grant date. The target units are allocated among the types of awards as set forth above. Performance Shares In 2025, the Compensation Committee granted performance shares with three different performance measures that vest over a three-year period that runs from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2027. These grants are allocated between performance shares that vest based on pre-established metrics related to relative total shareowner return, net income, and renewable generation and energy storage. Any dividend equivalents credited on performance shares are treated as reinvested but are not payable to the participant unless the performance target is met and vesting is completed. Performance shares have double-trigger acceleration upon a change in control. Upon a change in control, the outstanding awards vest at target and are valued based on the Company s stock price as of the trading day immediately preceding the change in control date. The awards are paid at the end of the three-year vesting period provided the executive is still employed by the Company or had a qualifying termination event. All performance share payouts are capped at 200% of the total target payout. Performance Shares - TSR Performance shares based on the total shareowner return metric are intended to reward Company performance relative to our peers in the EEI Stock Index. Vesting of the performance shares granted in 2025 is based on our relative total shareowner return over the three-year performance period that runs from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2027 as follows: Three-Year Total Shareowner Return Relative To EEI Stock Index Percentage of Target Value Payout 90 th percentile or greater 200% 80 th percentile 175% 70 th percentile 150% 60 th percentile 125% 50 th percentile 100% 25 th percentile 50% Below 25 th percentile 0% The total shareowner return calculation represents the cumulative return for the three-year performance period reflecting price appreciation and reinvested dividend payments. Performance shares pay at target if our relative total shareowner return over three years is equal to the median performance of a specific peer group selected by the Compensation Committee. Consistent with prior years, the committee selected the EEI Stock Index as the peer group for the 2025 grants of performance shares. We believe the comparison to the EEI Stock Index appropriately assesses our performance relative to other publicly traded utilities with whom we compete for capital. The total shareowner return for the 2023 performance share grant (performance period ended on December 31, 2025) ranked at the 68th percentile relative to the peer group. As a result, our named executive officers earned 145% of the target award for the 2023-2025 performance period. Additional information about the performance share payouts for the 2023-2025 performance period is provided in the 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested table. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 27 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The EEI Stock Index, which we use only to measure relative performance for our performance shares, was composed of the following companies as of December 31, 2025: Ameren Corporation Eversource Energy Pinnacle West Capital Corporation American Electric Power Company, Inc. Exelon Corporation Portland General Electric Company Avista Corporation FirstEnergy Corp. PPL Corporation Black Hills Corporation Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Public Service Enterprise Group CenterPoint Energy, Inc. IDACORP, Inc. Sempra Energy CMS Energy Corporation MDU Resources Group Inc. Southern Company Consolidated Edison, Inc. MGE Energy, Inc. TXNM Energy, Inc. Dominion Energy Inc. NextEra Energy, Inc. Unitil Corporation DTE Energy Company NiSource Inc. WEC Energy Group, Inc. Duke Energy Corporation NorthWestern Corporation Xcel Energy, Inc. Edison International OGE Energy Corp. Entergy Corporation Otter Tail Corporation Evergy, Inc. PG E Corporation Performance shares granted in 2025 that vest based on relative total shareowner return have a threshold that is in line with peers and a payout that is capped at target in the event total shareowner return is negative. Performance Shares - Net Income Performance shares based on the net income metric are intended to reward absolute long-term growth in our profitability. Vesting of the performance shares granted in 2025 is based on achieving a cumulative net income growth target over the three-year performance period as follows: Three-Year Cumulative Consolidated Net Income from Continuing Operations Annualized Growth Percentage of Target Value Payout 7.5% 200% 6.5% 150% 5.5% 100% 4% 50% Below 4% 0% Vesting at target requires 5.5% compounded annual growth, which is based on the successful and timely execution of our strategic plan. The target is calculated based on achieving a cumulative consolidated net income target over the performance period, excluding certain items as permitted by the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, such as charges or credits for reorganizing and restructuring, discontinued operations, asset write-downs, gains or losses on the disposition of an asset or business, mergers, acquisitions or dispositions and unusual or non-recurring items of gain or loss, in each case, as identified in the Company s audited financial statements or periodic reports. Performance shares granted in 2025 will vest at target if our cumulative consolidated net income from continuing operations over the performance period totals $2,604.1 million. Performance restricted stock units granted in 2023 (performance period ended on December 31, 2025) had a net income target calculated based on achieving a cumulative consolidated net income from continuing operations over the performance period equated to a compounded annual growth rate of 5.5%, excluding certain items described above as permitted by the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Cumulative consolidated net income for the performance period ended December 31, 2025 was $2,325.6 million, which represented 5.4% three-year compounded annual growth of consolidated net income from continuing operations. As a result, our named executive officers earned 96% of the target award for the 2023-2025 performance period. Additional information about the payout of the performance restricted stock units for the 2023-2025 performance period is provided in the 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested table. Performance Shares - Renewable Generation and Energy Storage Performance shares based on the renewable generation and energy storage metric are intended to reward successful execution of renewable generation and energy storage projects, which are important to our growth strategy, over the performance period. Vesting of the performance shares granted in 2025 is based on achieving a specified level of installed capacity of renewable generation and energy storage projects by the end of the three-year performance period. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 28 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Amount of Renewable Generation and Energy Storage Added Percentage of Target Value Payout 1,000 MW 200% 800 MW 100% 600 MW 50% Below 600 MW 0% These targets reward successful growth of renewable generation and energy storage to support our growth strategy, customer affordability and powering our expected growth with sustainable resources. Performance Shares - Workforce Composition Performance restricted stock units representing 5% of targeted long-term awards granted in 2023 (performance period ended on December 31, 2025) had targets based on achieving a specified level of workforce composition of women and people of color at the end of the three-year performance period. Based on the percent of women and people of color in our workforce for the period ended December 31, 2025, our named executive officers earned 100% of the target award for the 2023-2025 performance period. Additional information about the payout of the performance restricted stock units for the 2023-2025 performance period is provided in the 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested table. Performance shares granted in 2025 did not contain a workforce composition metric. Instead, five percent of such performance shares are based on achieving renewable generation and energy storage plans during the performance period as discussed above. Restricted Stock Units In 2025, the Compensation Committee granted service-based restricted stock units to our named executive officers. Service-based restricted stock units are time-vesting awards for which forfeiture restrictions lapse in a single installment after three years, subject to continuous employment. Any dividend equivalents credited on restricted stock units are treated as reinvested but are not payable to the participant unless the service requirement is met and vesting is completed. Restricted stock units have double-trigger acceleration upon a change in control. Upon a change in control, the outstanding awards vest at target and are valued based on the Company s stock price as of the trading day immediately preceding the change in control date. The awards are paid at the end of the three-year vesting period provided the executive is still employed by the Company or had a qualifying termination event. Additional information about the restricted stock unit payouts for the 2023-2025 vesting period is provided in the 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested table. Retirement Benefits We offer retirement and other benefit programs to our named executive officers that are consistent with those of our peers. We provide these benefits to remain competitive with the general market for executive officers. The benefit programs are designed to be competitive in attracting, retaining and motivating our named executive officers by providing competitive retirement benefits and incentivizing the promotion of the Company s, customers , and shareowners interests over a long time horizon. A brief description of the plans is set forth in the table below. Benefit Description Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan (AEDCP) (1) Enables participants to defer up to 80% of base salary and annual incentive pay on a pre-tax basis and to receive earnings or incur losses on the deferrals until the date of distribution. The shares of Alliant Energy common stock identified as obligations under the AEDCP are held in a rabbi trust. Alliant Energy Cash Balance Pension Plan (2) Offers flexible payment options and steady growth of retirement funds. The Cash Balance Pension Plan was frozen for participants effective August 2, 2008. Employees hired after December 25, 2005 are not eligible to participate. Alliant Energy Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan Provides for a match of $0.50 on each dollar for the first 8% of compensation contributed to the 401(k) Savings Plan account by the participants up to the IRS maximum. In addition, we contribute a percentage of participants salaries to their 401(k) accounts. The amount of the Company contribution ranges from 4% to 6% of a participant s salary, depending on the participant s age and number of years of service at the Company. Alliant Energy Excess Retirement Plan (2) Provides the benefit that the participants would have earned under the Cash Balance Pension Plan and the 401(k) Savings Plan but for statutory limitations on employer-provided benefits imposed on those tax-qualified plans and accruals earned on their deferrals into the AEDCP. (1) See 2025 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation below for more information regarding the AEDCP. (2) See 2025 Pension Benefits below for more information regarding the Alliant Energy Cash Balance Pension Plan and the Excess Retirement Plan. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 29 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Other Benefits We provide limited perquisites to our named executive officers. Our named executive officers are eligible for executive physicals, reimbursement of financial planning expenses and long-term disability insurance which are in excess of the benefits provided to our other non-executive employees. The committee recognizes that the duties of the Chief Executive Officer involve significant travel and that permitting limited personal use of third-party charter aircraft allows her to continue to perform her duties in a safe, secure environment and promotes safe and effective use of her time. For 2025, the committee approved personal use of such aircraft for the Chief Executive Officer and her family subject to certain conditions. Amounts are included in the Summary Compensation Table. Mr. Smyth was provided with a cash relocation bonus of $250,000 to cover any expenses incurred to relocate to Madison, Wisconsin, and a cash signing bonus of $220,000. Both cash bonuses are subject to repayment terms in the event Mr. Smyth terminates his employment within 24 months of the payment date. In addition, the Compensation Committee approved a full year non-prorated short-term incentive opportunity and equity awards to Mr. Smyth to replace compensation forfeited upon departure from his prior employer. These awards generally aligned in vesting and performance schedules to the awards being forfeited and were intended to make him whole for the loss of unvested awards, thereby facilitating a successful recruitment. The awards are subject to vesting conditions that align with our long-term incentive program and shareowner interests. The amount of these awards is provided in a footnote to the Summary Compensation Table. Post-Termination Compensation Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreements We currently have in effect Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreements (KEESAs) with our executive officers, including our named executive officers, and certain key employees, which provide for double-trigger severance benefits under certain circumstances following a change in control. Benefits under the KEESAs are paid only if: (1) a change in control occurs and (2) a qualifying termination of employment occurs within 180 days prior to the change in control or two years after the change in control. A qualifying termination occurs if the executive officer s employment terminates as a result of (a) termination by the Company, other than by reason of death or disability or for cause, or (b) termination by the executive officer for good reason. This double-trigger mechanism ensures that only those executive officers adversely affected by a change in control will receive benefits under the KEESAs. The KEESAs provide a cash termination payment of 2.99 times for the CEO, and two times for the other executive officers, the sum of the executive officer s (i) annual base salary and (ii) target annual incentive pay for the year in which the termination occurs. The KEESAs also provide that, consistent with the terms of outstanding equity award agreements, any change in control payments under outstanding equity awards will be paid pursuant to the terms of the equity plan and the agreements under which the awards were granted. We do not offer severance arrangements with executive officers that provide a multiplier equal to or greater than three. The KEESAs are generally designed to avoid the adverse effects of Section 280G of the tax code. Each KEESA provides that if any portion of the benefits under the KEESA or under any other agreement would constitute an excess parachute payment for purposes of the tax code, the executive officer may receive the greater, on an after-tax basis, of either a payment $1 less than the maximum amount he or she may receive without becoming subject to the 20% excise tax or the full payment subject to applicable excise taxes, for which the executive officer would be personally responsible. None of the KEESAs have Section 280G tax gross-up provisions. We believe that the level of the benefits provided by the KEESAs to the executive officers reflects the appropriate amount of compensation necessary for our executive officers to consider our shareowners interests without potential influence of their personal interests. We believe the security afforded by the KEESAs will help the executives to remain focused on business continuity and will reduce the distraction of the executives reasonable concerns regarding future employment during the uncertainty of a proposed change in control transaction. Additional information about the KEESAs is provided in the 2025 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control section. Executive Severance Plan We also maintain the executive officer severance benefit plan, which compensates an executive officer in the event that his or her position is eliminated or significantly altered. As with our KEESA benefit, our executive officer severance benefit plan is designed to enable executives to remain focused on our business without undue personal concerns over job security. The plan provides for: Severance pay equal to one year s annual base salary Up to 18 months of COBRA coverage or participation in our subsidized retiree medical insurance program if eligible (six months of which are paid by us) Outplacement services and/or tuition reimbursement of up to $10,000 Access to our employee assistance program Eligibility for benefits under this plan is conditioned upon an executive executing a severance agreement and release form. All severance packages of executive officers are approved by the Compensation Committee. We believe our executive severance plan is consistent with industry-wide standards. Employment Agreements and Separation Arrangements We do not have any other employment agreements or separation arrangements with our executive officers. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 30 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS HOW WE ADDRESS GOVERNANCE AND RISK Process For Setting Executive Compensation Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee reviews and sets each component and level of compensation for the Company s named executive officers and other executive officers. The Compensation Committee s responsibilities include: Review and approve executive officers compensation packages Review and approve corporate incentive goals and objectives relevant to compensation Evaluate performance results in light of these goals and objectives The Compensation Committee is made up of independent directors and meets regularly in executive sessions without management present. The committee is supported in its work by the human resources staff and by the committee s outside consultant. Chief Executive Officer The CEO recommends to the Compensation Committee the level of compensation for the Company s named executive officers and other executive officers, other than the CEO. The CEO considers the following factors: Executive performance Experience Strategic importance Internal pay equity Market data Information provided by the Company s human resources staff The CEO is present and available to the Compensation Committee during their meetings with respect to the compensation of the Company s other named executive officers and other executive officers. However, the committee discusses and determines the CEO s compensation in executive session. Independent Compensation Consultant The Compensation Committee engaged Pay Governance LLC as its independent external advisor. The committee receives data, analyses and support from Pay Governance. During 2025, Pay Governance participated in committee meetings, analyzed the competitive level of compensation for each of the named executive officers and provided information regarding executive compensation trends and market practices. Pay Governance reports solely to the committee and meets with the committee at each meeting in executive session. Market Data Each year, Pay Governance prepares a market compensation analysis based on companies in the utility industry and in general industry. This analysis assists the Compensation Committee in establishing executive officer compensation levels to allow us to remain competitive in our market. The market data used in 2025 included: General Industry Data: Willis Towers Watson s 2024 General Industry Executive Compensation Database, which includes pay data for approximately 1,000 general industry companies Utility Industry Data: Utility industry data are generally based on Alliant Energy s defined executive compensation peer group of 20 companies listed in the following table obtained from Willis Towers Watson s 2024 Energy Services Industry Executive Compensation Database In addition, the Compensation Committee reviews equally blended general industry data and energy industry data. The market data is used to determine the market reference point used for corporate positions, which in 2025 were held by Ms. Barton, Mr. Durian, Mr. Sundararajan, and Mr. Smyth. Energy industry data was used as a secondary market reference point for these positions. The utility industry data was used as the sole market reference point for utility-specific positions, such as that held by Mr. de Leon. The market data provides a reference for each executive officer s compensation components and total compensation. ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 31 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The peer group companies used for utility industry data were selected by Pay Governance and include 20 companies that in the aggregate are viewed as comparable to Alliant Energy in terms of business and scale. Alliant Energy s financial scope is positioned near the middle of this peer group. The peer group companies used for utility industry data for 2025 were: Atmos Energy Corporation Eversource Energy Portland General Electric Co., Ameren Corporation Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. PPL Corp Avista Corporation IDACORP, Inc. Public Service Enterprise Group Black Hills Corporation MDU Resources Group, Inc. Southwest Gas Holdings Inc CenterPoint Energy, Inc. NiSource Inc. TXNM Energy, Inc. CMS Energy Corporation OGE Energy Corporation WEC Energy Group, Inc. Evergy, Inc. Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Compensation Committee Risk Assessment In December 2025, the Compensation Committee reviewed an assessment presented by management of our general compensation policies and practices for all employees to evaluate whether risks arising from these policies and practices were reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. Based on this assessment, the committee concluded that our compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company and did not recommend or implement any material changes. The committee believes that the following features of our design and governance serve to mitigate materials risks arising from our compensation policies and practices. Balanced Design A mix of annual and long-term incentive awards provides an appropriate balance of short- and long-term risk and reward horizons A variety of performance metrics for incentive awards avoids excessive focus on a single measure of performance, balances multiple stakeholder interests and links achievement to financial, customer focused and operational goals; financial metrics encourage achievement of both absolute and relative growth Maximum caps on incentive awards reduce motivations to take short-term or inappropriately risky actions to increase payouts in any given year Strong Alignment Delivering a substantial portion of compensation based on achievement of performance goals drives achievement of annual Company goals, aligns management and key stakeholder interests, and promotes achievement of the strategic plan All long-term equity awards are settled in Company stock Utilizing consistent performance metrics across all plans aligns executive short-term performance metrics with director and employee plans Governance Oversight by Compensation Committee Audits of metrics for incentive compensation payouts completed by internal audit department State utility commissions review our compensation programs during rate reviews Policies Clawback policy and provisions that allow the Company to recoup incentive awards under certain circumstances Stock ownership requirements for executive officers Double trigger change in control provisions in severance agreements and long-term equity awards; no tax gross up provisions Maximum multiplier for change in control cash severance benefit no greater than 2.99 No hedging or pledging of Company stock Executive Stock Ownership Requirements We require executives of Alliant Energy to own a certain number of shares of common stock to further align the executives interests with those of our shareowners. The stock ownership requirements are: Officer Level Stock Ownership Requirement Chief Executive Officer 6 times base salary President 4 times base salary Executive Vice President 3.5 times base salary Senior Vice President 3 times base salary Vice President 1.5 times base salary ALLIANT ENERGY | 2026 Proxy Statement | 32 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Shares held outright, vested restricted stock units, earned performance shares, earned performance restricted stock units, unvested restricted stock units that vest based solely on the passage of time, shares held in our AEDCP and shares held in the Alliant Energy Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan count toward the stock ownership requirement. Unearned performance restricted stock units and unearned performance shares do not count for this purpose. Executives have five years from the date of their first long-term equity grants after the later of their hire date, or the date they were promoted into a position with a higher multiple, to achieve their goals. Executives who have not met their stock ownership level after five years are required to retain 100% of the after-tax value of vested long-term equity awards until the share ownership requirement is met. The Company has not issued any stock options so there is no requirement to hold stock options after exercise. Our CEO retains the right to grant special dispensation for hardship, promotions or new hires. All of our current named executive officers who have held their current positions for five years are in compliance with the stock ownership guidelines. The named executive officers who have been in their positions for less than five years, including our current CEO, are on track to achieve the above ownership goals. The shares owned by our named executive officers are shown in the Ownership of Voting Securities table. Clawback Policy The Compensation Committee adopted a clawback policy that provides that the Company will recover erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation in the event of an accounting restatement. The policy applies to incentive compensation received by current and former executive officers. It is triggered by an accounting restatement due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws. The Company must reasonably promptly recoup the amount of incentive-based compensation that exceeds the amount that would have been received by the executive officer had it been determined based on the restated amounts. Incentive compensation received for the three years preceding the restatement is subject to recoupment under the policy, subject to limited exceptions. This policy is intended to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and Nasdaq listing standards. The Compensation Committee previously adopted a clawback policy for executive officers that applies to all cash and equity-based incentive compensation to the extent not superseded by the clawback policy discussed above. Under this policy, the committee will recoup compensation paid under the Company s cash and equity incentive plans if it determines that such compensation was based on the achievement of financial or other results that were subsequently restated due to material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, and due in whole or in part to gross negligence, intentional misconduct or fraud of a current or former executive officer. If, in the committee s view, the incentive compensation would have been materially lower if it had been based on the restated results, the committee will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, seek recoupment from that executive officer of any excess incentive compensation. Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging We prohibit the use of any hedging or similar transactions related to our shares by our executive officers and directors. We prohibit all insiders from trading in puts, calls, options or other derivative securities related to the Company s securities. Other hedging transactions, such as short sales, zero-cost collars, prepaid variable forward sale contracts, equity swaps or similar transactions are also prohibited. Insiders are further prohibited from pledging Company securities. Insiders include all executive officers, all members of the Board of Directors and designated employees who receive material nonpublic information in the regular course of their duties. Role of Tax Considerations Section 162(m) of the tax code limits the tax deductibility of compensation paid to our CEO and certain other executive officers to $1 million per person in any taxable year. The Compensation Committee, consistent with past practice, retains the flexibility and discretion to authorize compensation that will not be deductible. This flexibility is necessary to achieve elements of the Company s success that are in the best long-term interests of the Company and its shareowners, such as attracting and retainin