=== LNT_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider each of the risks described below relating to Alliant Energy, IPL and WPL, together with all of the other information contained in this combined report, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Data Center and Other Large Load Growth Customers Demand from data centers and other large load growth customers may impact our business - Our ability to manage the development and implementation of complex business opportunities related to the growing demand for data centers may be limited by financial, operational, or regulatory factors. We may enter into agreements requiring significant capital investment in generation and transmission capacity for large load growth customers before realizing any potential returns. We may not be able to affordably and timely construct generation, or cause transmission companies to affordably and timely construct transmission infrastructure to meet potential load growth from any large load growth customer. A large load growth customer may decide not to take energy, take less energy than anticipated, or not take service on the anticipated schedule, due to changes in business needs, construction delays, technological advances that improve energy efficiency, or other factors, which may result in lower demand for energy than anticipated. The addition of large load growth customers may increase the concentration of sales, and increase revenue and earnings volatility. We may not be able to adequately protect against the risks inherent in relying on rapid growth within a small number of large customers in a single industry. The inability or delays in obtaining regulatory approvals with acceptable conditions or providing sufficient generation or securing transmission, due to supply chain risk, operational risk, or other factors, may impact our ability, or the cost, to provide energy to new customers. The individual customer rates may not provide sufficient revenues to fully recover the costs, the contracts with large load growth customers may increase counterparty credit risk, and the costs to provide service may be higher than expected. Large load growth customers may not be able to meet obligations in our contracts, including the obligation to pay any termination charges. Additionally, if pipeline expansions needed for new gas fired generation are delayed or not approved, we may be unable to meet peak requirements for data center load, increasing market purchases or capacity procurement costs. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 16 Table of Contents Laws, regulations, and opposition to data centers may impact our business - Federal, state or local legislation, rulemaking, or siting standards that specifically restrict or delay the zoning, siting or operation of data centers could reduce or defer expected load growth and impair cost recovery for associated infrastructure. Community opposition to data centers driven by concerns about land use, water consumption, generation emissions, noise, or traffic could result in permitting delays, litigation, project cancellations, or additional mitigation costs, reducing expected load growth. The ability to serve significant new commercial or industrial customers on contract rates, including data centers, may require certain regulatory approvals, and the activities and costs related to the construction, acquisition or contracts for additional generation capacity and transmission required to meet the high demands of such customers could be significant. The individual customer rates for large load growth customers are subject to regulatory approvals and our regulatory authorities may change the rates we can charge and the costs that can be recovered. As a result, we may experience adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Our utility business is significantly impacted by government legislation, regulation and oversight - Our utility financial condition is influenced by how regulatory authorities, including the IUC, the PSCW and FERC, establish the rates we can charge our customers, our authorized rates of return and common equity levels, and the costs that may be recovered from customers. Our ability to timely obtain rate adjustments to earn authorized rates of return depends upon timely regulatory action under applicable statutes and regulations, and cannot be guaranteed. IPL and WPL may not receive an adequate amount of rate relief to recover all costs and earn their authorized rates of return, rates may be reduced, rate refunds may be required, rate adjustments may not be approved on a timely basis, costs may not be otherwise recovered through rates, earnings above certain thresholds may be required to be refunded or be used to reduce existing rate base of assets with higher levels of authorized return on equity, recovery of capital expenditures, including those for electric distribution systems, above certain thresholds may be capped or not be allowed, rates may be temporarily frozen, such as IPL s current retail electric rate base moratorium through September 2029, laws, rules or settlements may limit the ability to file rate adjustments or the period covered by a rate adjustment, regulatory decisions may limit the ability to defer recovery of and a return on prudently incurred costs in between rate reviews, certain rate base items may not receive a full weighted average cost of capital, and authorized rates of return on capital may be reduced. As a result, we may experience adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are subject to extensive regulation primarily by the IUC, the PSCW and FERC. We are also subject to oversight and monitoring by organizations such as the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, the Midwest Reliability Organization, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. (MISO) and the Department of Homeland Security Transportation Security Administration. The impacts on our operations include: our ability to site and construct new energy facilities, such as renewable energy, energy storage projects, or natural gas-fired electric generating units (EGUs), and recover associated costs; our ability to decommission generating facilities and recover related costs and the remaining carrying value of these facilities and related assets; MISO s resource adequacy process establishing seasonal capacity planning reserve margin and capacity accreditation requirements, as well as additional changes to capacity accreditation, such as the direct loss of load methodology, impact how and when existing and new generating facilities such as IPL s and WPL s additional solar generation are accredited with energy capacity, and may require IPL and WPL to adjust their current resource plans, to add resources to meet the requirements of MISO s seasonal resource adequacy process, or procure capacity whereby such costs might not be recovered in rates; legislation or regulation that imposes mandatory integrated resource planning requirements, or materially changes existing resource planning standards, could delay approvals, require revisions to resource plans, increase compliance costs, and impact our ability to timely meet demand for energy from commercial and industrial customers, including data centers; the impact of the lack of availability of existing and new generating facilities on our accredited capacity for such facilities pursuant to MISO s seasonal resource adequacy process; IPL s ability to achieve certain aggregate summer capacity factors under the consumer protection plan for its up to 400 MW of solar generation projects; the rates paid to transmission operators and how those costs are recovered from customers, including our ability to continue to use a transmission rider in Iowa; our ability to site, construct and recover costs for new natural gas pipelines; our ability to recover costs to upgrade our electric and gas distribution systems; the amount of certain sources of energy we must use, such as renewable sources; our ability to purchase generating facilities and recover the costs associated therewith; our ability to sell utility assets and any conditions placed upon the sale of such assets; our ability to enter into purchased power agreements and recover the costs associated therewith; the allocation of expenditures by transmission companies on transmission network upgrades and our ability to recover costs associated therewith; reliability; safety; the issuance of securities and ability to use other financing arrangements for our renewable energy projects; accounting matters; and transactions between affiliates. These regulatory authorities and organizations are also empowered to impose financial penalties and other sanctions, including requirements to implement new compliance programs. Failure to obtain approvals for any of these matters in a timely manner, or receipt of approvals with uneconomical conditions, may cause us not to pursue the construction of such projects, or to record an impairment of our assets, or may cause a delay in construction of such projects such that we are not able to meet new demand growth, and may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Legislative or regulatory changes that enable large load growth customers, including data centers, to own or procure on-site generation or to self-supply through sources behind-the-meter or behind-the-meter arrangements could materially reduce retail sales, shift cost recovery to remaining customers, and impact our ability to earn authorized rates of return. Changes to these regulations could materially increase our costs or cause us to reconsider our strategy, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents Provisions of the Wisconsin Utility Holding Company Act may limit our ability to invest in or grow our non-utility activities and may deter potential purchasers who might be willing to pay a premium for our stock. Our utility businesses are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations - Our utilities are subject to numerous federal, regional, state and local environmental laws, regulations, court orders, and international treaties. These laws, regulations and court orders generally concern emissions into the air, discharges into water, use of water, wetlands preservation, remediation of contamination, waste disposal and containment, disposal of coal combustion residuals, hazardous waste disposal, threatened and endangered species, and noise regulation, among others. Failure to comply with such laws, regulations and court orders, or to obtain or comply with any necessary environmental permits pursuant to such laws and regulations, could result in injunctions, fines or other sanctions. Environmental laws and regulations affecting power generation and electric and gas distribution are complex and subject to continued uncertainty and could be changed by the current or future Presidential or Gubernatorial Administrations. These laws and regulations have imposed, and proposed laws and regulations could impose in the future, additional costs on our utility operations and requirements that impact our ability to continue operating EGUs. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and other expenditures to comply with these and other environmental laws and regulations. Changes in or new development of environmental restrictions may force us to incur significant expenses or expenses that may exceed our estimates. Our future plans and existing operations may be impacted by changing expectations, including environmental and social justice concerns related to renewable energy and a low-carbon economy. There can be no assurance that we would be able to recover all or any increased environmental costs from our customers. Failure to comply with the laws, regulations and court orders, changes in the laws and regulations and failure to recover costs of compliance may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Actions related to global climate change and reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions could negatively impact us - We have established voluntary GHG reduction goals and continue to review our strategy; however, the ability to achieve our voluntary GHG reduction goals and implement our strategy is subject to uncertainties as to how climate change concerns will ultimately impact us and various factors that may be out of our control. These uncertainties include transition risks related to laws and regulations, technology and business operations, or economic and market conditions. Research and development of technologies, innovations, and advancements may not evolve as anticipated in order to provide cost-effective alternatives to traditional energy sources. We could suffer financial loss, reputational damage, litigation, or other negative repercussions if we are unable to meet our voluntary GHG reduction goals. In addition, there are physical risks associated with adapting to changing climate conditions and extreme weather events. Further, assessment of the science to evaluate and limit global temperature rise continues to evolve. We could incur costs or other obligations to comply with future GHG regulations, and could become the target of legal claims or challenges, because generating electricity using fossil fuels emits GHGs. Further, investors may determine that we are too reliant on fossil fuels, reducing demand for our stock, which may cause our stock price to decrease, or investors may not buy our debt securities, which may cause our cost of capital to increase. We could face additional pressures from customers, investors or other stakeholders to more rapidly reduce GHG emissions on a voluntary-basis, including faster adoption of lower GHG emitting technologies and management of excess renewable energy credits. The pace and feasibility to fully achieve decarbonization is also contingent on the future development and full-scale deployment of emerging energy technologies and supporting infrastructure, as well as electrification of other economic sectors. Changing economic conditions and drivers to support significant load growth, including data centers, could influence electric demand. This could affect the timing of retirement for our existing coal-fired EGUs, and our need to add new fossil-fueled generation resources due to growing electric loads. We may not be able to meet our resource adequacy requirements if GHG regulations require us to shut down fossil fuel generating facilities before we can build new generating facilities to meet growing demand for electricity. We may not be able to recover all costs for projects to reduce GHG emissions in rates if regulators determine that the pace of GHG emissions efforts or new technologies are not prudent. The extent of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s proposed rules to regulate GHG emissions at fossil-fuel fired EGUs and specific impacts, including state plans to implement the emissions reductions, remains uncertain. There could also be changes by the current or future Presidential or Gubernatorial Administrations. Various legislative and regulatory proposals to address climate change at the national, state and local levels continue to be introduced. Potential future requirements to reduce GHGs from the energy and manufacturing sectors could affect our operations in various ways. Regulation or legislation mandating GHG emissions reductions or other clean energy standards affecting utility companies could materially increase costs, causing some EGUs to be uneconomical to operate or maintain. We are vulnerable to potential risks associated with the construction of EGUs that may extend to our supply chain and natural gas operations. Regulation of oil and gas production could affect our upstream supply of natural gas for electricity generation and to provide directly to our residential and business customers from our local distribution company. This could result in rapid increased demand for alternative non-fossil fuel energy sources and economy-wide electrification. Changes to regional and local climate trends such as the frequency, seasonality, and severity of weather conditions could directly and indirectly impact our company. Acute and chronic physical risks could disrupt our operations or affect our property. Furthermore, it could affect the timing of peak demand and overall energy consumption of our customers. We cannot provide any assurance regarding the potential impacts of climate change or related policies and regulations to reduce GHG emissions on our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Changes to certain tax elections, tax regulations and future taxable income could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations - We have significantly reduced our federal and state income tax obligations through tax planning strategies and the utilization of bonus depreciation deductions for certain expenditures for property. These tax planning strategies and bonus depreciation deductions have reduced taxable income, which in turn has generated large tax credit carryforwards. We plan to utilize all of these tax credit carryforwards in the future to reduce our income tax obligations. If we cannot generate enough taxable income in the future to utilize all of the tax credit carryforwards before they expire due to lower than expected financial performance or changes to tax regulations, we may incur material charges to earnings. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 allows for the sale or transfer of eligible renewable tax credits to other taxpayers. We have sold, and continue to plan to sell, a substantial amount of our eligible renewable tax credits. However, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBB Act) includes significant changes to renewable tax credits, including accelerating the termination of production tax credits and investment tax credits. These changes may materially limit our ability to sell or transfer renewable tax credits at reasonable terms in future periods. The inability to sell renewable tax credits at reasonable terms, or the determination that renewable tax credits that we generate or sell are not eligible or are eligible at a different rate, could materially impact our tax credit carryforward position or result in liability to purchasers of the tax credits, which could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs. Repeal or amendment of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or portions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, including, but not limited to, a material increase in customer costs, a material decrease in cash flows from operating activities, which could impact metrics used by rating agencies, and a negative impact on the economics of future planned renewable and energy storage projects. In addition, our tax liability is determined by our taxable income multiplied by the current tax rates in effect. If the federal or state tax rates are increased, state income tax apportionment is increased, or we become subject to a corporate alternative minimum tax, we may experience adverse impacts to our financial condition and results of operations until those rates are reflected in our regulatory filings. Our utility business currently operates wind and solar generating facilities, which generate production tax credits that are eligible to be used to reduce our federal tax obligations. The amount of production tax credits we earn is dependent on the level of electricity output generated by our qualifying generating facilities and sold to an unrelated buyer, and the applicable tax credit rate. A variety of operating and economic parameters, including transmission constraints, the imbalance of supply and demand of energy resulting in unfavorable pricing for wind or solar energy, adverse weather conditions and breakdown or failure of equipment, could significantly reduce the production tax credits generated by our wind or solar facilities resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. The OBBB Act s early termination of production tax credits for projects beginning construction more than 12 months after enactment may also limit our ability to qualify new facilities for future production tax credits. Our utility business is developing energy storage facilities, which are expected to generate investment tax credits. Investment tax credits are dependent on the tax capitalized costs of the qualifying generating facilities and the applicable tax credit rate. If there is a disagreement on the qualifying costs or whether the facility qualifies for higher levels of investment tax credits, the amount of investment tax credits awarded may be significantly reduced, possibly adversely impacting our financial condition and results of operations. If energy storage facilities are not completed in the anticipated timeframe or investment tax credits are not able to be generated or sold due to the repeal or amendment of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or new limitations imposed by the OBBB Act, we may experience adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 introduced new labor requirements that are required to qualify for the full value of renewable tax credits. Failure to meet these requirements on renewable projects that began construction after January 28, 2023 could result in a significant reduction in the amount of renewable tax credits, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. The Inflation Reduction Act and related guidance also include limitations on the use of components and/or financing from entities with ties to certain foreign countries. If our generation or energy storage projects include equipment or subcomponents sourced from entities with ties to certain foreign countries, related production or investment tax credits may be reduced or denied, which could increase customer costs and adversely affect our financial condition. The OBBB Act further expands limitations on the use of components and/or financing from entities with ties to certain foreign countries, which could reduce or disqualify renewable tax credits for generation and energy storage projects. Risks Related to Business Operations Demand for energy may decrease - Our results of operations are affected by the demand for energy in our service territories. Energy demand may decrease due to many things, including economic conditions, proliferation of customer and third party-owned generation, technological advances that reduce the costs of renewable energy and energy storage solutions for our customers, government policies, such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which incentivize customer and third party-owned generation, loss of service territory or franchises, energy efficiency measures, changes in customer usage due to rate design changes, such as time of use rates, technological advances that improve energy efficiency, third-party disrupters, loss of wholesale customers, loss of customers that pursue their own renewable projects to achieve specific sustainability goals, and the adverse impact of tariffs on our customers. We may not realize anticipated or expected growth from large load growth customers, due to many factors, including changes in customers goals, changes in environmental policies, improvements in energy efficiency or technology, or competition from other companies. The loss of sales due to lower demand for energy may increase our rates for remaining customers, as our rates must cover our fixed costs. Increased customer rates may cause decreased demand for energy as customers move to customer and third party-owned generation and implement energy efficiency measures to reduce costs. The loss of customers, the inability to replace those customers with new customers, and the decrease in demand for energy could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Our utility business is seasonal and may be adversely affected by the impacts of weather - Electric and gas utility businesses are seasonal businesses. Demand for electricity is greater in the summer months associated with higher air conditioning needs and winter months associated with higher heating needs. Demand for natural gas depends significantly upon temperature patterns in winter months due to heavy use in residential and commercial heating. As a result, our overall operating results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, we have historically generated less revenues and income when temperatures are warmer in the winter and/or cooler in the summer. Thus, mild winters and/or summers could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. A cyber attack may disrupt our operations or lead to a loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information or potential liability - We operate in an industry that requires the continuous use and operation of information and telecommunications systems. We face threats from use of malicious code (such as malware, viruses and ransomware), employee theft or misuse, vulnerabilities (such as the log4j and MOVEit vulnerabilities), fraud attempts, phishing attacks and advanced persistent threats. This includes threats from nation-state actors (such as VOLT TYPHOON and SALT TYPHOON), which have demonstrated an increased focus on targeting critical industries, including telecommunications and energy. Incidents of ransomware attacks have been increasing in frequency and magnitude. Emerging artificial intelligence technologies may be used to develop new hacking tools, exploit vulnerabilities, obscure malicious activities, and increase the difficulty detecting threats. Cyber attacks targeting electronic control systems used at our generating facilities and for electric and gas distribution systems could result in a full or partial disruption of our electric and/or gas operations. We have relied on a global supply chain for certain components of our operating and technology systems, which may increase our exposure to cyber attacks. Any disruption of these operations could result in a loss of service to customers and a significant decrease in revenues, as well as significant expense to repair system damage and remedy security breaches. Due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks and cybersecurity, our current safeguards to protect our operating systems and information technology assets may not always be effective. We rely on third parties for software to protect against cyber attacks and we are at risk if such third parties are targets of cyber attacks. Measures taken to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from cybersecurity breaches or incidents may be insufficient or become ineffective, and there are no assurances that cybersecurity breaches or incidents will not impact our business, operations and financial condition. If the technology systems were to fail or be breached by a cyber attack or a computer virus, and not be recovered in a timely fashion, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions and confidential data could be compromised, adversely impacting our financial condition and results of operation. In addition, we use information technology systems to collect and retain sensitive information, including personal information about our customers, shareowners and employees, which is subject to privacy laws and regulations. In some cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that have been or could be targets of cyber attacks. Any theft, loss and/or fraudulent use of customer, shareowner, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others. Our strategy includes large construction projects, which are subject to risks - Our strategy includes constructing renewable generating facilities, energy storage facilities, natural gas-fired generating facilities, and large-scale additions and upgrades to our electric and gas distribution systems and generating assets. These construction and upgrade projects are subject to various risks. These risks include: the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals and permits in a timely manner; adverse interpretation or enforcement of permit conditions; changes in applicable laws or regulations; changes in costs of materials, equipment, commodities, fuel or labor including due to inflation, tariffs or labor issues; delays caused by construction accidents or injuries; shortages in materials, equipment, or qualified labor; changes to the scope or timing of the projects; general contractors, subcontractors, or equipment not performing as required under their contracts; the inability to agree to contract terms or disputes in contract terms; the inability to successfully resolve warranty claims; poor initial cost estimates; work stoppages; adverse weather conditions; government actions; legal action; unforeseen engineering or technology issues; limited access to capital or other financing arrangements; and other adverse economic conditions. We outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and substandard performance by those third parties could harm our business, reputation and results of operations. We may not be able to recover all costs for the projects in rates and face increased risk of potential impairment of our project investment if a construction project is not completed or is delayed, or final costs exceed expectations or the costs approved by our regulators. We may not be able to meet capacity requirements, including new demand from high usage customers, to comply with electric demand planning reserve margins if a construction project is not completed or is delayed. Inability to recover costs, or inability to complete projects or recover costs in a timely manner, could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Supply chain disruptions could negatively impact our operations and implementation of our strategy - Our operations and strategy depend on the global supply chain to procure the equipment, materials and other resources necessary to provide services in a safe and reliable manner and construct new utility infrastructure. The global supply chain has experienced, and is expected to continue to experience, disruptions due to a multitude of factors, such as geopolitical issues, supplier manufacturing constraints, labor issues, transportation issues, tariffs, changes in laws, executive orders, resource availability, long lead times, tighter credit markets, inflation, pandemics and weather. These disruptions have impacted, and are expected to continue to impact, our ability to receive critical materials, supplies and services in a timely and economic manner. This could have an adverse impact by increasing costs and delaying the construction, maintenance or repair of items that are needed to support normal operations or are necessary to our construction projects to implement our strategy. Inability to recover higher costs, or inability to complete projects in a timely manner, could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We face risks associated with operating electric and natural gas infrastructure - The operation of electric generation and distribution infrastructure involves many risks, including start-up risks, breakdown or failure of equipment, fires developing from our power lines, transformers, energy storage facilities, or substations, dam failure at one of our hydroelectric facilities, the dependence on a specific fuel source, including the supply and transportation of fuel, the risk of performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency, members of the public or contractors coming into contact with our infrastructure, public and employee safety, operator error, and ruptured oil and chemical tanks. The operation of our natural gas distribution and transportation infrastructure also involves many risks, such as leaks, explosions, mechanical problems, members of the public or contractors coming into contact with our infrastructure, and employee and public safety. In addition, the North American electric transmission grid is highly interconnected and, in extraordinary circumstances, disruptions at particular points within the grid could cause an extensive power outage in our service territories. Increased utilization of customer- and third party-owned generation technologies could also disrupt the reliability and balance of the electricity grid. Further, the electric transmission system in our utilities service territories can experience constraints, limiting our ability to transmit electricity. The transmission constraints could result in an inability to deliver electricity from generating facilities, particularly wind and solar generating facilities, to the national grid, or to access lower cost sources of electricity. We may not be able to provide sufficient transmission capacity in a timely manner or transmission providers may be unable to timely provide transmission upgrades to enable connecting new generation to the grid, which could delay expected system load demand from large load growth customers such as data centers, expose us to market purchases and reduce expected revenues. These risks could cause significant harm to employees, customers and the public, including loss of human life, significant damage to property, adverse impacts on the environment and impairment of our operations, all of which could result in substantial financial losses to us. We are also responsible for compliance with new and changing regulatory standards involving safety, reliability and environmental compliance, including regulations under the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, the Occupational Health and Safety Administration, the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and the Department of Homeland Security Transportation Security Administration. Failure to meet these regulatory standards could result in substantial fines. Lastly, we have obligations to provide electric and natural gas service to customers under regulatory requirements and contractual commitments. Failure to meet our service obligations could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Storms or other natural disasters may impact our operations in unpredictable ways - Storms and other natural disasters, including events such as floods, tornadoes, windstorms like the 2020 derecho in Iowa, blizzards, ice storms, extreme hot temperatures, extreme cold temperatures, fires, wildfires, solar flares or pandemics may adversely impact our ability to generate, purchase or distribute electric energy and gas or obtain fuel or other critical supplies. In addition, we could incur large costs to repair damage to our generating facilities and electric and gas infrastructure, or costs related to environmental remediation, due to storms or other natural disasters. The restoration costs may not be fully covered by insurance policies and may not be fully recovered in rates, or recovery in rates may be delayed. Insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all, or at rates or terms similar to those presently available to us. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. Any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. Storms and natural disasters may impact our customers and the resulting reduced demand for energy could cause lower sales and revenues, which may not be replaced or recovered in rates, or rate recovery may be delayed. Any of these items could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism may impact our operations in unpredictable ways - We are subject to direct and indirect effects of terrorist threats and activities. Generation, transmission and distribution facilities, in general, have been identified as potential targets of physical or cyber attacks. Physical attacks on transmission and distribution facilities that appeared to be terrorist-style attacks have occurred. Our gas distribution system could also be the target of terrorist threats and activities. The risks posed by such attacks could include, among other things, the inability to generate, purchase or distribute electric energy or obtain fuel sources, the increased cost of security and insurance, the disruption of, volatility in, or other effects on capital markets, and a decline in the economy and/or energy usage within our service territories, all of which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the cost of repairing damage to our facilities and infrastructure caused by acts of terrorism, and the loss of revenue if such events prevent us from providing utility service to our customers, could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents We may not be able to fully recover costs related to commodity prices - We have natural gas and coal supply and transportation contracts in place for some of the natural gas and coal we require to generate electricity. We also have transportation and supply agreements in place to facilitate delivery of natural gas to our customers. Our counterparties to these contracts may not fulfill their obligations to provide natural gas, coal, financial settlements or collateral to us due to financial or operational problems caused by natural disasters, severe weather, economic conditions, labor shortages, employee strikes, transportation issues, pandemics, physical attacks or cyber attacks. If we were unable to obtain enough natural gas or coal for our EGUs under our existing contracts, or to obtain electricity under existing or future purchased power agreements, we could be required to purchase natural gas or coal at higher prices, need to secure higher cost delivery of natural gas or coal, be forced to curtail the operation of our natural gas-fired or coal-fired generating facilities, be forced to purchase electricity from higher-cost generating resources in the MISO energy market and/or be required to purchase replacement capacity to comply with electric demand planning reserve margins. We may be obligated to pay for coal deliveries under our contracts even if our coal-fired generating facilities do not operate enough to fully utilize the amounts of coal covered by the contracts. If, for natural gas delivery to our customers, we were unable to obtain our natural gas supply requirements under existing or future natural gas supply and transportation contracts, we could be required to purchase natural gas at higher prices from other sources. Natural gas market prices have been volatile in the past and could be volatile in the future due to additional future regulations, increased demand including due to new natural gas-fired generating facilities, increased liquified natural gas demand from foreign countries, limited global suppliers of natural gas, periods of extremely cold temperatures or disruption in supply caused by major storms or pipeline explosions. Our utility business also operates wind and solar generating facilities that sell electricity in the MISO energy market. If MISO energy market prices result in unfavorable pricing for wind or solar energy, this may reduce the energy market revenue produced by those facilities and result in higher electricity costs that would need to be recovered from customers. We may not be able to pass on all of the changes in costs to our customers, especially at WPL where we do not have an automatic retail electric fuel cost adjustment clause to timely recover such costs and where electric fuel cost recovery may be limited if WPL earns in excess of its authorized return on common equity. Increases in prices and costs due to disruptions that are not recovered in rates fully or not recovered in a timely manner, may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Energy industry changes could have a negative effect on our businesses - We operate in a highly regulated business environment. The advent of new and unregulated markets has the potential to significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, competitors may not be subject to the same operating, regulatory and financial requirements that we are, potentially causing a substantial competitive disadvantage for us. Changes in public policy, such as new tax incentives that we cannot take advantage of or efforts to deregulate the utility industry, could provide an advantage to competitors. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers produce, store, buy or utilize power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of our utility companies. Increased competition in our primary retail electric service territories may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We face risks related to non-utility operations - We rely on our non-utility operations for a portion of our earnings. If our non-utility holdings do not perform at expected levels, we could experience an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Economic, Financial and Labor Market Conditions We are subject to employee workforce factors that could affect our businesses - We operate in an industry that requires specialized technical skills. Further, we must build a workforce that is innovative, customer-focused and competitive to thrive in the future in order to successfully implement our strategy. We have seen and anticipate a steady pace of retirements due to our aging workforce. The labor market for our employees is very competitive, increasing the likelihood that we may lose critical employees or have difficulty hiring qualified employees for critical roles and not have enough time to adequately train employees to prepare for upcoming retirements. It may be difficult to hire and retain such a skilled workforce due to labor market conditions, such as low unemployment rates in our service territories, the length of time employees need to acquire the skills, and general competition for talent. The competitive employment market also increases the amounts we pay our employees in critical positions, which we may be unable to recover in rates. We are also subject to collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 1,700 employees. Any work stoppage experienced in connection with negotiations of collective bargaining agreements could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations as well as our ability to implement our strategy. We are subject to limitations on our ability to pay dividends - Alliant Energy is a holding company with no significant operations of its own. The primary sources of funds for Alliant Energy to pay dividends to its shareowners are dividends and distributions from its subsidiaries, primarily its utility subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts to Alliant Energy, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to Alliant Energy and, accordingly, our ability to pay dividends on Alliant Energy common stock will depend on regulatory limitations, earnings, cash flows, capital requirements and general financial condition of our subsidiaries. Our utilities have dividend payment restrictions based on the terms of regulatory limitations applicable to them. If we do not receive adequate dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries, then we may not be able to make, or may have to reduce, dividend payments on Alliant Energy common stock. 22 Table of Contents We are subject to risks related to inflation - We have experienced a significant increase in inflation. The impact of supply chain disruptions and other factors continue to create uncertainty in near-term economic conditions, including whether inflation will continue and at what rate. Increases in inflation raise our costs for labor, materials and services. Inflation may also cause interest rates to increase or stay elevated, increasing our cost of capital. Failure to timely recover these increased costs in rates may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, increased costs due to inflation will directly and indirectly increase customer costs, which may decrease demand for energy or impact our customers ability to pay their bills, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We may incur material post-closing adjustments related to past asset and business divestitures - We have sold certain non-utility subsidiaries and may continue to incur liabilities relating to our previous ownership of, or the transactions pursuant to which we disposed of, these subsidiaries and assets. Any potential liability depends on a number of factors outside of our control. Any required payments on retained liabilities, guarantees or indemnification obligations with respect to past and future asset or business divestitures could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on the capital markets and could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the capital markets - Successful implementation of our strategy is dependent upon our ability to access the capital markets. We have forecasted capital expenditures of approximately $13 billion over the next four years. Disruption, uncertainty or volatility in the capital markets could increase our cost of capital or limit our ability to raise funds needed to operate our businesses. Disruptions could be caused by Federal Reserve policies and actions, currency concerns, inflation, economic downturn or uncertainty, monetary policies, a negative view of the utility industry or our company, failures of financial institutions, U.S. debt management concerns, U.S. debt limit and budget debates, including government shutdowns, European and worldwide sovereign debt concerns, other global or geopolitical events, or other factors. IPL and WPL have entered into conditional commitments with the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Dominance Financing, formerly the Loan Programs Office, for loan guarantees of approximately $3 billion in aggregate and WPL has been selected for additional grants. The inability to access these funds due to federal action or other reasons may increase our costs and interest rates. Increases in interest rates will cause the cost of capital to increase and may cause the price of our equity securities to decline. Any disruptions in capital markets could adversely impact our ability to implement our strategy. We rely on our strong credit ratings to access the credit markets. If our credit ratings are downgraded for any reason, such as worsening credit metric impacts, reduced liquidity, negative changes to our regulatory environment, or general negative outlook for the utility industry, we could pay higher interest rates in future financings, the pool of potential lenders could be reduced, borrowing costs under existing credit facilities could increase, our access to the commercial paper market could be limited, or we could be required to provide additional credit assurance, including cash collateral, to contract counterparties. If our access to capital were to become significantly constrained or costs of capital increased significantly due to lowered credit ratings, prevailing industry conditions, regulatory constraints, volatility of the capital markets, inflation or other factors, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our pension and other postretirement benefits plans are subject to investment and interest rate risk that could negatively impact our financial condition - We have pension and other postretirement benefits plans that provide benefits to many of our employees and retirees. Costs of providing benefits and related funding requirements of these plans are subject to changes in the liabilities of the plans and market value of the assets that fund the plans. The funded status of the plans and the related costs reflected in our financial statements are affected by various factors, which are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, including economic conditions, financial market performance, interest rates, life expectancies and demographics. Recessions and volatility in the domestic and international financial markets have negatively affected the asset values of our pension plans at various times in the past. Poor investment returns or lower interest rates may necessitate accelerated funding of the plans to meet minimum federal government requirements, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 