=== LNT_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider each of the risks described below relating to Alliant Energy, IPL and WPL, together with all of the other information contained in this combined report, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Data Center and Other Large Load Growth Customers Demand from data centers and other large load growth customers may impact our business - Our ability to manage the development and implementation of complex business opportunities related to the growing demand for data centers may be limited by financial, operational, or regulatory factors. We may enter into agreements requiring significant capital investment in generation and transmission capacity for large load growth customers before realizing any potential returns. We may not be able to affordably and timely construct generation, or cause transmission companies to affordably and timely construct transmission infrastructure to meet potential load growth from any large load growth customer. A large load growth customer may decide not to take energy, take less energy than anticipated, or not take service on the anticipated schedule, due to changes in business needs, construction delays, technological advances that improve energy efficiency, or other factors, which may result in lower demand for energy than anticipated. The addition of large load growth customers may increase the concentration of sales, and increase revenue and earnings volatility. We may not be able to adequately protect against the risks inherent in relying on rapid growth within a small number of large customers in a single industry. The inability or delays in obtaining regulatory approvals with acceptable conditions or providing sufficient generation or securing transmission, due to supply chain risk, operational risk, or other factors, may impact our ability, or the cost, to provide energy to new customers. The individual customer rates may not provide sufficient revenues to fully recover the costs, the contracts with large load growth customers may increase counterparty credit risk, and the costs to provide service may be higher than expected. Large load growth customers may not be able to meet obligations in our contracts, including the obligation to pay any termination charges. Additionally, if pipeline expansions needed for new gas‑fired generation are delayed or not approved, we may be unable to meet peak requirements for data center load, increasing market purchases or capacity procurement costs. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 16 Table of Contents Laws, regulations, and opposition to data centers may impact our business - Federal, state or local legislation, rulemaking, or siting standards that specifically restrict or delay the zoning, siting or operation of data centers could reduce or defer expected load growth and impair cost recovery for associated infrastructure. Community opposition to data centers—driven by concerns about land use, water consumption, generation emissions, noise, or traffic—could result in permitting delays, litigation, project cancellations, or additional mitigation costs, reducing expected load growth. The ability to serve significant new commercial or industrial customers on contract rates, including data centers, may require certain regulatory approvals, and the activities and costs related to the construction, acquisition or contracts for additional generation capacity and transmission required to meet the high demands of such customers could be significant. The individual customer rates for large load growth customers are subject to regulatory approvals and our regulatory authorities may change the rates we can charge and the costs that can be recovered. As a result, we may experience adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Our utility business is significantly impacted by government legislation, regulation and oversight - Our utility financial condition is influenced by how regulatory authorities, including the IUC, the PSCW and FERC, establish the rates we can charge our customers, our authorized rates of return and common equity levels, and the costs that may be recovered from customers. Our ability to timely obtain rate adjustments to earn authorized rates of return depends upon timely regulatory action under applicable statutes and regulations, and cannot be guaranteed. IPL and WPL may not receive an adequate amount of rate relief to recover all costs and earn their authorized rates of return, rates may be reduced, rate refunds may be required, rate adjustments may not be approved on a timely basis, costs may not be otherwise recovered through rates, earnings above certain thresholds may be required to be refunded or be used to reduce existing rate base of assets with higher levels of authorized return on equity, recovery of capital expenditures, including those for electric distribution systems, above certain thresholds may be capped or not be allowed, rates may be temporarily frozen, such as IPL’s current retail electric rate base moratorium through September 2029, laws, rules or settlements may limit the ability to file rate adjustments or the period covered by a rate adjustment, regulatory decisions may limit the ability to defer recovery of and a return on prudently incurred costs in between rate reviews, certain rate base items may not receive a full weighted average cost of capital, and authorized rates of return on capital may be reduced. As a result, we may experience adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are subject to extensive regulation primarily by the IUC, the PSCW and FERC. We are also subject to oversight and monitoring by organizations such as the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, the Midwest Reliability Organization, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. (MISO) and the Department of Homeland Security Transportation Security Administration. The impacts on our operations include: our ability to site and construct new energy facilities, such as renewable energy, energy storage projects, or natural gas-fired electric generating units (EGUs), and recover associated costs; our ability to decommission generating facilities and recover related costs and the remaining carrying value of these facilities and related assets; MISO’s resource adequacy process establishing seasonal capacity planning reserve margin and capacity accreditation requirements, as well as additional changes to capacity accreditation, such as the direct loss of load methodology, impact how and when existing and new generating facilities such as IPL’s and WPL’s additional solar generation are accredited with energy capacity, and may require IPL and WPL to adjust their current resource plans, to add resources to meet the requirements of MISO’s seasonal resource adequacy process, or procure capacity whereby such costs might not be recovered in rates; legislation or regulation that imposes mandatory integrated resource planning requirements, or materially changes existing resource planning standards, could delay approvals, require revisions to resource plans, increase compliance costs, and impact our ability to timely meet demand for energy from commercial and industrial customers, including data centers; the impact of the lack of availability of existing and new generating facilities on our accredited capacity for such facilities pursuant to MISO’s seasonal resource adequacy process; IPL’s ability to achieve certain aggregate summer capacity factors under the consumer protection plan for its up to 400 MW of solar generation projects; the rates paid to transmission operators and how those costs are recovered from customers, including our ability to continue to use a transmission rider in Iowa; our ability to site, construct and recover costs for new natural gas pipelines; our ability to recover costs to upgrade our electric and gas distribution systems; the amount of certain sources of energy we must use, such as renewable sources; our ability to purchase generating facilities and recover the costs associated therewith; our ability to sell utility assets and any conditions placed upon the sale of such assets; our ability to enter into purchased power agreements and recover the costs associated therewith; the allocation of expenditures by transmission companies on transmission network upgrades and our ability to recover costs associated therewith; reliability; safety; the issuance of securities and ability to use other financing arrangements for our renewable energy projects; accounting matters; and transactions between affiliates. These regulatory authorities and organizations are also empowered to impose financial penalties and other sanctions, including requirements to implement new compliance programs. Failure to obtain approvals for any of these matters in a timely manner, or receipt of approvals with uneconomical conditions, may cause us not to pursue the construction of such projects, or to record an impairment of our assets, or may cause a delay in construction of such projects such that we are not able to meet new demand growth, and may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Legislative or regulatory changes that enable large load growth customers, including data centers, to own or procure on-site generation or to self-supply through sources behind-the-meter or behind-the-meter arrangements could materially reduce retail sales, shift cost recovery to remaining customers, and impact our ability to earn authorized rates of return. Changes to these regulations could materially increase our costs or cause us to reconsider our strategy, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents Provisions of the Wisconsin Utility Holding Company Act may limit our ability to invest in or grow our non-utility activities and may deter potential purchasers who might be willing to pay a premium for our stock. Our utility businesses are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations - Our utilities are subject to numerous federal, regional, state and local environmental laws, regulations, court orders, and international treaties. These laws, regulations and court orders generally concern emissions into the air, discharges into water, use of water, wetlands preservation, remediation of contamination, waste disposal and containment, disposal of coal combustion residuals, hazardous waste disposal, threatened and endangered species, and noise regulation, among others. Failure to comply with such laws, regulations and court orders, or to obtain or comply with any necessary environmental permits pursuant to such laws and regulations, could result in injunctions, fines or other sanctions. Environmental laws and regulations affecting power generation and electric and gas distribution are complex and subject to continued uncertainty and could be changed by the current or future Presidential or Gubernatorial Administrations. These laws and regulations have imposed, and proposed laws and regulations could impose in the future, additional costs on our utility operations and requirements that impact our ability to continue operating EGUs. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and other expenditures to comply with these and other environmental laws and regulations. Changes in or new development of environmental restrictions may force us to incur significant expenses or expenses that may exceed our estimates. Our future plans and existing operations may be impacted by changing expectations, including environmental and social justice concerns related to renewable energy and a low-carbon economy. There can be no assurance that we would be able to recover all or any increased environmental costs from our customers. Failure to comply with the laws, regulations and court orders, changes in the laws and regulations and failure to recover costs of compliance may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Actions related to global climate change and reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions could negatively impact us - We have established voluntary GHG reduction goals and continue to review our strategy; however, the ability to achieve our voluntary GHG reduction goals and implement our strategy is subject to uncertainties as to how climate change concerns will ultimately impact us and various factors that may be out of our control. These uncertainties include transition risks related to laws and regulations, technology and business operations, or economic and market conditions. Research and development of technologies, innovations, and advancements may not evolve as anticipated in order to provide cost-effective alternatives to traditional energy sources. We could suffer financial loss, reputational damage, litigation, or other negative repercussions if we are unable to meet our voluntary GHG reduction goals. In addition, there are physical risks associated with adapting to changing climate conditions and extreme weather events. Further, assessment of the science to evaluate and limit global temperature rise continues to evolve. We could incur costs or other obligations to comply with future GHG regulations, and could become the target of legal claims or challenges, because generating electricity using fossil fuels emits GHGs. Further, investors may determine that we are too reliant on fossil fuels, reducing demand for our stock, which may cause our stock price to decrease, or investors may not buy our debt securities, which may cause our cost of capital to increase. We could face additional pressures from customers, investors or other stakeholders to more rapidly reduce GHG emissions on a voluntary-basis, including faster adoption of lower GHG emitting technologies and management of excess renewable energy credits. The pace and feasibility to fully achieve decarbonization is also contingent on the future development and full-scale deployment of emerging energy technologies and supporting infrastructure, as well as electrification of other economic sectors. Changing economic conditions and drivers to support significant load growth, including data centers, could influence electric demand. This could affect the timing of retirement for our existing coal-fired EGUs, and our need to add new fossil-fueled generation resources due to growing electric loads. We may not be able to meet our resource adequacy requirements if GHG regulations require us to shut down fossil fuel generating facilities before we can build new generating facilities to meet growing demand for electricity. We may not be able to recover all costs for projects to reduce GHG emissions in rates if regulators determine that the pace of GHG emissions efforts or new technologies are not prudent. The extent of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s proposed rules to regulate GHG emissions at fossil-fuel fired EGUs and specific impacts, including state plans to implement the emissions reductions, remains uncertain. There could also be changes by the current or future Presidential or Gubernatorial Administrations. Various legislative and regulatory proposals to address climate change at the national, state and local levels continue to be introduced. Potential future requirements to reduce GHGs from the energy and manufacturing sectors could affect our operations in various ways. Regulation or legislation mandating GHG emissions reductions or other clean energy standards affecting utility companies could materially increase costs, causing some EGUs to be uneconomical to operate or maintain. We are vulnerable to potential risks associated with the construction of EGUs that may extend to our supply chain and natural gas operations. Regulation of oil and gas production could affect our upstream supply of natural gas for electricity generation and to provide directly to our residential and business customers from our local distribution company. This could result in rapid increased demand for alternative non-fossil fuel energy sources and economy-wide electrification. Changes to regional and local climate trends such as the frequency, seasonality, and severity of weather conditions could directly and indirectly impact our company. Acute and chronic physical risks could disrupt our operations or affect our property. Furthermore, it could affect the timing of peak demand and overall energy consumption of our customers. We cannot provide any assurance regarding the potential impacts of climate change or related policies and regulations to reduce GHG emissions on our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Changes to certain tax elections, tax regulations and future taxable income could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations - We have significantly reduced our federal and state income tax obligations through tax planning strategies and the utilization of bonus depreciation deductions for certain expenditures for property. These tax planning strategies and bonus depreciation deductions have reduced taxable income, which in turn has generated large tax credit carryforwards. We plan to utilize all of these tax credit carryforwards in the future to reduce our income tax obligations. If we cannot generate enough taxable income in the future to utilize all of the tax credit carryforwards before they expire due to lower than expected financial performance or changes to tax regulations, we may incur material charges to earnings. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 allows for the sale or transfer of eligible renewable tax credits to other taxpayers. We have sold, and continue to plan to sell, a substantial amount of our eligible renewable tax credits. However, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBB Act) includes significant changes to renewable tax credits, including accelerating the termination of production tax credits and investment tax credits. These changes may materially limit our ability to sell or transfer renewable tax credits at reasonable terms in future periods. The inability to sell renewable tax credits at reasonable terms, or the determination that renewable tax credits that we generate or sell are not eligible or are eligible at a different rate, could materially impact our tax credit carryforward position or result in liability to purchasers of the tax credits, which could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs. Repeal or amendment of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or portions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, including, but not limited to, a material increase in customer costs, a material decrease in cash flows from operating activities, which could impact metrics used by rating agencies, and a negative impact on the economics of future planned renewable and energy storage projects. In addition, our tax liability is determined by our taxable income multiplied by the current tax rates in effect. If the federal or state tax rates are increased, state income tax apportionment is increased, or we become subject to a corporate alternative minimum tax, we may experience adverse impacts to our financial condition and results of operations until those rates are reflected in our regulatory filings. Our utility business currently operates wind and solar generating facilities, which generate production tax credits that are eligible to be used to reduce our federal tax obligations. The amount of production tax credits we earn is dependent on the level of electricity output generated by our qualifying generating facilities and sold to an unrelated buyer, and the applicable tax credit rate. A variety of operating and economic parameters, including transmission constraints, the imbalance of supply and demand of energy resulting in unfavorable pricing for wind or solar energy, adverse weather conditions and breakdown or failure of equipment, could significantly reduce the production tax credits generated by our wind or solar facilities resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. The OBBB Act’s early termination of production tax credits for projects beginning construction more than 12 months after enactment may also limit our ability to qualify new facilities for future production tax credits. Our utility business is developing energy storage facilities, which are expected to generate investment tax credits. Investment tax credits are dependent on the tax capitalized costs of the qualifying generating facilities and the applicable tax credit rate. If there is a disagreement on the qualifying costs or whether the facility qualifies for higher levels of investment tax credits, the amount of investment tax credits awarded may be significantly reduced, possibly adversely impacting our financial condition and results of operations. If energy storage facilities are not completed in the anticipated timeframe or investment tax credits are not able to be generated or sold due to the repeal or amendment of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or new limitations imposed by the OBBB Act, we may experience adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 introduced new labor requirements that are required to qualify for the full value of renewable tax credits. Failure to meet these requirements on renewable projects that began construction after January 28, 2023 could result in a significant reduction in the amount of renewable tax credits, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. The Inflation Reduction Act and related guidance also include limitations on the use of components and/or financing from entities with ties to certain foreign countries. If our generation or energy storage projects include equipment or subcomponents sourced from entities with ties to certain foreign countries, related production or investment tax credits may be reduced or denied, which could increase customer costs and adversely affect our financial condition. The OBBB Act further expands limitations on the use of components and/or financing from entities with ties to certain foreign countries, which could reduce or disqualify renewable tax credits for generation and energy storage projects. Risks Related to Business Operations Demand for energy may decrease - Our results of operations are affected by the demand for energy in our service territories. Energy demand may decrease due to many things, including economic conditions, proliferation of customer and third party-owned generation, technological advances that reduce the costs of renewable energy and energy storage solutions for our customers, government policies, such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which incentivize customer and third party-owned generation, loss of service territory or franchises, energy efficiency measures, changes in customer usage due to rate design changes, such as time of use rates, technological advances that improve energy efficiency, third-party disrupters, loss of wholesale customers, loss of customers that pursue their own renewable projects to achieve specific sustainability goals, and the adverse impact of tariffs on our customers. We may not realize anticipated or expected growth from large load growth customers, due to many factors, including changes in customers’ goals, changes in environmental policies, improvements in energy efficiency or technology, or competition from other companies. The loss of sales due to lower demand for energy may increase our rates for remaining customers, as our rates must cover our fixed costs. Increased customer rates may cause decreased demand for energy as customers move to customer and third party-owned generation and implement energy efficiency measures to reduce costs. The loss of customers, the inability to replace those customers with new customers, and the decrease in demand for energy could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Our utility business is seasonal and may be adversely affected by the impacts of weather - Electric and gas utility businesses are seasonal businesses. Demand for electricity is greater in the summer months associated with higher air conditioning needs and winter months associated with higher heating needs. Demand for natural gas depends significantly upon temperature patterns in winter months due to heavy use in residential and commercial heating. As a result, our overall operating results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, we have historically generated less revenues and income when temperatures are warmer in the winter and/or cooler in the summer. Thus, mild winters and/or summers could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. A cyber attack may disrupt our operations or lead to a loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information or potential liability - We operate in an industry that requires the continuous use and operation of information and telecommunications systems. We face threats from use of malicious code (such as malware, viruses and ransomware), employee theft or misuse, vulnerabilities (such as the log4j and MOVEit vulnerabilities), fraud attempts, phishing attacks and advanced persistent threats. This includes threats from nation-state actors (such as VOLT TYPHOON and SALT TYPHOON), which have demonstrated an increased focus on targeting critical industries, including telecommunications and energy. Incidents of ransomware attacks have been increasing in frequency and magnitude. Emerging artificial intelligence technologies may be used to develop new hacking tools, exploit vulnerabilities, obscure malicious activities, and increase the difficulty detecting threats. Cyber attacks targeting electronic control systems used at our generating facilities and for electric and gas distribution systems could result in a full or partial disruption of our electric and/or gas operations. We have relied on a global supply chain for certain components of our operating and technology systems, which may increase our exposure to cyber attacks. Any disruption of these operations could result in a loss of service to customers and a significant decrease in revenues, as well as significant expense to repair system damage and remedy security breaches. Due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks and cybersecurity, our current safeguards to protect our operating systems and information technology assets may not always be effective. We rely on third parties for software to protect against cyber attacks and we are at risk if such third parties are targets of cyber attacks. Measures taken to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from cybersecurity breaches or incidents may be insufficient or become ineffective, and there are no assurances that cybersecurity breaches or incidents will not impact our business, operations and financial condition. If the technology systems were to fail or be breached by a cyber attack or a computer virus, and not be recovered in a timely fashion, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions and confidential data could be compromised, adversely impacting our financial condition and results of operation. In addition, we use information technology systems to collect and retain sensitive information, including personal information about our customers, shareowners and employees, which is subject to privacy laws and regulations. In some cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that have been or could be targets of cyber attacks. Any theft, loss and/or fraudulent use of customer, shareowner, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others. Our strategy includes large construction projects, which are subject to risks - Our strategy includes constructing renewable generating facilities, energy storage facilities, natural gas-fired generating facilities, and large-scale additions and upgrades to our electric and gas distribution systems and generating assets. These construction and upgrade projects are subject to various risks. These risks include: the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals and permits in a timely manner; adverse interpretation or enforcement of permit conditions; changes in applicable laws or regulations; changes in costs of materials, equipment, commodities, fuel or labor including due to inflation, tariffs or labor issues; delays caused by construction accidents or injuries; shortages in materials, equipment, or qualified labor; changes to the scope or timing of the projects; general contractors, subcontractors, or equipment not performing as required under their contracts; the inability to agree to contract terms or disputes in contract terms; the inability to successfully resolve warranty claims; poor initial cost estimates; work stoppages; adverse weather conditions; government actions; legal action; unforeseen engineering or technology issues; limited

=== LNT_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors described in Item 1A in the 2025 Form 10-K have not changed materially. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS A summary of Alliant Energy common stock repurchases for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 was as follows: Total Number Average Price Total Number of Shares Maximum Number (or Approximate of Shares Paid Per Purchased as Part of Dollar Value) of Shares That May Period Purchased (a) Share Publicly Announced Plan Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (a) January 1 through January 31 5,853 $65.02 — N/A February 1 through February 28 2,574 71.10 — N/A March 1 through March 31 11 71.61 — N/A 8,437 66.89 — (a) All shares were purchased on the open market and held in a rabbi trust under the Alliant Energy Deferred Compensation Plan. There is no limit on the number of shares of Alliant Energy common stock that may be held under the Deferred Compensation Plan, which currently does not have an expiration date. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of Alliant Energy, IPL or WPL adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K . 32 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following Exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit Number Description 4.1 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Five-Year Master Credit Agreement, effective March 5, 2026, among Alliant Energy, IPL, WPL, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and the lender parties set forth therein 10.1 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2026, among Alliant Energy Corporation, U.S. Bank National Association and the lender parties set forth therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Alliant Energy’s Form 8-K, filed March 4, 2026 (File No. 1-9894)) 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer for Alliant Energy 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer for Alliant Energy 31.3 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer for IPL 31.4 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer for IPL 31.5 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer for WPL 31.6 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer for WPL 32.1 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.§1350 for Alliant Energy 32.2 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.§1350 for IPL 32.3 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.§1350 for WPL 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Alliant Energy Corporation, Interstate Power and Light Company and Wisconsin Power and Light Company have each duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on t he 1st day of May 2026. ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION Registrant By: /s/ Dylan M. Syse Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Dylan M. Syse (Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Signatory) INTERSTATE POWER AND LIGHT COMPANY Registrant By: /s/ Dylan M. Syse Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Dylan M. Syse (Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Signatory) WISCONSIN POWER AND LIGHT COMPANY Registrant By: /s/ Dylan M. Syse Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Dylan M. Syse (Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Signatory) 33 