=== STZ_2025-06-05.htm.gz ===
stz-20250529 CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. 0000016918 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0000016918 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 2023-03-01 2024-02-29 0000016918 2022-03-01 2023-02-28 0000016918 2021-03-01 2022-02-28 0000016918 2020-02-29 2021-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsReportedValueRSUsAndPSUsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsReportedValueNQSOsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearVestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsThatFailedToMeetVestingConditionsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsValueOfDividendsAndOtherEarningsPaidAdjustmentMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsReportedValueRSUsAndPSUsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsReportedValueNQSOsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearVestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsThatFailedToMeetVestingConditionsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 stz:EquityAwardsValueOfDividendsAndOtherEarningsPaidAdjustmentMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 1 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 2 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 0000016918 3 2024-03-01 2025-02-28 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS June 3, 2025 To Our Stockholders: On behalf of the Board of Directors, you are cordially invited to attend the 2025 Virtual Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Constellation Brands, Inc. on Tuesday, July 15, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (EDT). You will be able to attend the 2025 Virtual Annual Meeting, vote your shares, and submit your questions during the meeting via the Internet by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/STZ2025. The meeting will be held entirely online via live audio-only webcast. There will not be an option to attend the meeting in person. One of the Board s most important responsibilities is to oversee Company strategy. As the beverage alcohol industry continues to evolve, Constellation remains committed to a business strategy that aligns with our corporate mission to build brands that people love. In Fiscal 2025, despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop driven by what we believe to be non-structural socioeconomic factors, we executed on that strategy by delivering another year of Enterprise net sales growth that once again garnered us recognition as the #1 growth leader among large CPG companies by Circana for calendar year 2024. Company performance in Fiscal 2025 was driven largely by our Beer Division, which achieved its 15th consecutive year of volume growth, continued its lead as the #1 high-end beer supplier in the U.S. Circana tracked channels, and delivered industry-leading share gains across the total beer category. We continued to take steps to align our Wine and Spirits Division portfolio with consumer-led premiumization trends. This is evidenced by the divestitures of SVEDKA and a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our remaining mainstream wine brands and related facilities. Our retained portfolio now consists of a collection of highly regarded wines, predominantly priced $15 and above. This remaining portfolio of exclusively higher-end brands is anticipated to allow the Wine and Spirits Division to generate what we believe will be higher growth and higher margins, while also driving enhanced commercial and operational execution. Overall, in Fiscal 2025, we increased our operating cash flow by approximately 13%, reduced our comparable net leverage ratio to under 3.0x while returning nearly $1.9 billion to stockholders through share repurchases and quarterly dividends, and continued to invest to support ongoing growth in our Beer Division consistent with our disciplined and balanced capital allocation priorities. Meanwhile, our ongoing cost management and operational efficiency initiatives supported substantial enterprise savings last year. Looking ahead and as previously announced, we are in the process of implementing restructuring actions which are expected to yield significant net annualized cost savings across the enterprise by Fiscal 2028. And as further evidence of our consistent capital allocation priorities, in April 2025, the Board approved a three-year, $4.0 billion share repurchase authorization to provide capacity for additional cash returns to our stockholders. We also expect to maintain both a dividend payout ratio of approximately 30%, supporting continued growth of our dividend per share in line with our earnings expectations, and our comparable net leverage ratio of approximately 3.0x. The Board s effective oversight of business strategy is made possible by our twelve directors who bring a broad range of skills, experiences, and perspectives. Over the past few years, we made progress on Board refreshment. In the past three years, the Board has added three independent directors to the Board (including my role as independent Board Chair), and seven of our nine independent directors have served for less than seven years on the Board. The attached Notice of Virtual Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement describe in detail the matters expected to be acted upon at the meeting. Also provided is the Company s 2025 Annual Report that contains important business and financial information regarding the Company. Your vote is important. Regardless of whether you participate in the meeting, we hope you vote as soon as possible. You may vote online or by phone, or, if you received paper copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may also vote by mail by following the instructions on the proxy card or voting instruction card. Voting online or by phone, written proxy, or voting instruction card ensures your representation at the meeting regardless of whether you attend the meeting. Thank you for your continued support of Constellation Brands. Very truly yours, /s/ Christopher J. Baldwin CHRISTOPHER J. BALDWIN Independent Chair of the Board NOTICE OF VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date/Time Tuesday, July 15, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (EDT) Virtual Meeting Access To attend the Annual Meeting, vote, and ask questions, go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/STZ2025. You will need the 16-digit control number included on your Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, your proxy card, or the instructions that accompany your proxy materials. Because the Annual Meeting is virtual and being conducted over the Internet, stockholders will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Items of Business 1. Elect as directors the twelve nominees named in the Proxy Statement. 2. Ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending February 28, 2026. 3. Approve, by an advisory vote, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement. 4. Transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting, or any adjournment or postponement. Record Date Holders of Class A Common Stock as of the record date of May 16, 2025 are entitled to notice of and to vote on the matters listed in the Proxy Statement. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /s/ James O. Bourdeau JAMES O. BOURDEAU Secretary Your vote is important to us, and we encourage you to vote your shares as soon as possible even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting. You can vote in the following ways: Visit the website listed on your Notice or proxy card(s) to VOTE VIA THE INTERNET If you received paper copies of your proxy materials in the mail, sign, date, and return your proxy card(s) in the enclosed envelope to VOTE BY MAIL Call the telephone number specified on your proxy card(s) or on the website listed on your Notice to VOTE BY PHONE Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be held on July 15, 2025: This Proxy Statement and the Company s 2025 Annual Report are available on our website at https://ir.cbrands.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION 1 PROXY SUMMARY 2 Voting Matters and Board Recommendations 2 Company Background 2 Our Brands 2 Fiscal 2025 Highlights 3 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 4 Our Approach to Corporate Governance 4 Reclassification-Related Governance Changes 4 Governance Changes Since the Reclassification 4 Corporate Governance Highlights 5 Stockholder Engagement 7 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 8 Director Nominees 8 Evaluation and Selection Process for Director Nominees 8 Director Experiences, Skills, and Qualifications 9 Director Nominee Demographics 11 Director Independence 12 Director Biographies 13 Board and Committee Composition 19 Board Refreshment, Succession Planning, and Effectiveness Review 19 Board and Committee Evaluation Process 20 Board Leadership Structure 20 Oversight of Risk Management 20 Oversight of ESG-Related Risks 21 Oversight of Cybersecurity-Related Risks 22 Our Board Committees 22 Board and Committee Meetings and Committee Membership 22 Audit Committee 22 CGNR Committee 23 Human Resources Committee 23 The Role of Our Executive Officers 24 The Role of Compensation Consultants 24 Compensation Risk Assessment 24 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 26 Transactions with Related Persons 26 Policy Regarding Related Person Transactions 26 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 27 Director Compensation 28 Non-Management Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 30 AUDIT MATTERS 31 Proposal 2 Ratification of the Selection of KPMG LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31 Fees Paid to KPMG LLP 31 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 32 Audit Committee Report 33 Page EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 34 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 34 Compensation Committee Report 50 Compensation Tables and Related Information 51 Summary Compensation Table 51 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025 53 Outstanding Equity Awards at February 28, 2025 55 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2025 58 Pension Benefits 58 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 58 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-in-Control 60 CEO Pay Ratio 64 Pay versus Performance 65 Proposal 3 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 69 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 70 Beneficial Ownership of More Than 5% of the Company s Voting Common Stock 71 Beneficial Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 73 OTHER MATTERS 75 Proxy Solicitation Costs 75 Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting 75 Householding of Proxy Materials 76 Available Information; Website Materials 76 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 77 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 80 MARKET POSITIONS AND INDUSTRY DATA 82 DEFINED TERMS 83 Appendix 1: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Items 86 PROXY STATEMENT Annual Meeting Information Table of Contents CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. 50 East Broad Street Rochester, NY 14614 PROXY STATEMENT ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION This Proxy Statement is being furnished to the holders of the common stock of Constellation Brands, Inc. in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board. The proxies are for use at the Meeting. This year we will again hold a virtual Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Stockholders may participate online by logging onto www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/STZ2025. There will not be a physical meeting location. See the Questions Answers section near the end of this Proxy Statement for additional information. We are delivering proxy materials to many stockholders via the Internet under the SEC s Notice and Access rules. Using this method of distribution, on or about June 5, 2025, we will mail an Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials that contains information about our 2025 Virtual Annual Meeting of Stockholders and instructions on how to view all proxy materials, and vote electronically, on the Internet. If you receive the Notice and prefer to receive a paper or e-mail copy of the proxy materials, follow the instructions in the Notice for making this request, and the materials will be sent promptly to you via your preferred method. If you prefer to vote by phone, the website listed on the Notice, www.proxyvote.com, has instructions for voting by phone. If you received paper copies of our proxy materials in the mail, you may submit your proxy by properly executing and returning the proxy card or voting instruction card in the enclosed envelope. If you received paper copies of this year s proxy materials by mail, you can elect to receive an email message in the future that will provide a link to those documents on the Internet. As of the Record Date, the outstanding stock of the Company consisted of Class A Stock and Class 1 Stock. The capital stock of the Company entitled to be voted at the Meeting that was outstanding as of the Record Date consisted of 176,900,727 shares of Class A Stock. Shares of Class 1 Stock are only issued to certain recipients of stock option awards under our LTSIP, have limited voting rights, and holders of Class 1 Stock are not entitled to vote on any of the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. Only holders of record of Class A Stock on the books of the Company at the close of business on the Record Date for determining eligibility to vote at the Meeting are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Meeting. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 1 PROXY STATEMENT Proxy Summary Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. You should carefully read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider when casting your vote. Voting Matters and Board Recommendations Management Proposals Board Recommendation Where to Find More Information 1. Elect as directors the twelve nominees named in the Proxy Statement for a one-year term ending at the 2026 Annual Meeting FOR each of the Company s nominees Page 8 2. Ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending February 28, 2026 FOR Page 31 3. Approve, by an advisory vote, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement FOR Page 69 Company Background We are an international producer and marketer of beer, wine, and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy with powerful, consumer-connected, high-quality brands like Modelo Especial, Corona Extra, Pacifico, Robert Mondavi Winery, Kim Crawford, The Prisoner Wine Company, High West, Casa Noble, and Mi CAMPO. In the U.S., we are one of the top growth contributors at retail among beverage alcohol suppliers. We are also the second-largest beer company and have the #1 beer brand, Modelo Especial, in dollar sales in the U.S. We continued to strengthen our leadership position in the U.S. beer market as the #1 share gainer in the high-end beer segment and the overall U.S. beer market. Within wine and spirits, we have implemented a multi-year strategy to reposition this business to a portfolio of exclusively higher-end brands that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins, aligned to our focus on consumer-led premiumization trends, and we continue to progressively expand our supply channels through DTC and international markets. The strength of our brands makes us a supplier of choice to many of our consumers and our customers, which include wholesale distributors, retailers, and on-premise locations. We conduct our business through entities we wholly own as well as through a variety of joint ventures and other entities. Our mission is to build brands that people love because we believe elevating human connections is Worth Reaching For. It is worth our dedication, hard work, and calculated risks to anticipate market trends and deliver more for our consumers, stockholders, employees, and industry. This dedication is what has driven us to become one of the fastest-growing, large CPG companies in the U.S. at retail. Our Brands Every day, people reach for our high-end, iconic imported beer brands such as those in the Corona brand family like the flagship Corona Extra, Modelo Especial and the flavorful lineup of Modelo Cheladas, Pacifico, and Victoria; our fine wine and craft spirits brands, including The Prisoner Wine Company, Robert Mondavi Winery, Casa Noble Tequila, and High West Whiskey; and our premium wine brands such as Kim Crawford. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 2 PROXY STATEMENT Proxy Summary Table of Contents Fiscal 2025 Highlights Our Fiscal 2025 performance is highlighted by: record net sales of over $10 billion nearly $1.9 billion returned to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends #1 growth leader among large CPG companies Only CPG company of scale to make Circana s Top 10 ranking for 12 consecutive years with #1 spot for 6 of last 8 years 15 consecutive years of volume growth in Beer Business remained top share gainer in Beverage Alcohol in Fiscal 2025 Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 3 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Approach to Corporate Governance Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Approach to Corporate Governance The Board is committed to performing its responsibilities in a manner consistent with sound governance practices and that promotes value creation for the Company s stockholders. Until November 2022, the Company qualified as a controlled company under NYSE rules due to a majority of the voting power being held by entities affiliated with our founding Sands family. In November 2022, we completed the Reclassification. Upon completion of the Reclassification, the prior high-vote/low-vote voting structure was eliminated, and Constellation now has, for substantially all purposes, a single class of voting common stock (Class A Stock) with one vote per share. Reclassification-Related Governance Changes As part of the initial phase in the evolution of the Company s governance practices as a non-controlled company, a number of corporate governance changes were implemented in connection with the Reclassification: holders of Class A Stock became entitled to vote to elect all directors; Robert and Richard Sands retired from their roles as executive officers of the Company; the Board implemented a prohibition on any director or executive officer pledging our common stock with a capped carve-out for specified levels of pledging by certain individuals and entities affiliated with the Sands family (see the subheading below entitled Policy Against Pledging Company Stock ); the Sands family has the right to nominate two members to our Board until November 10, 2027 so long as they own 10% or more of our Class A Stock, and to nominate one member to our Board so long as they own 5% or more of our Class A Stock (based on the amount of Class A Stock outstanding as of signing of the Reclassification Agreement); and we transitioned to a majority vote standard for uncontested director elections (see the subheading below entitled Majority Voting Standard for Director Elections ). Under the Reclassification Agreement, if a Sands family nominee does not get elected to the Board in an uncontested election resulting in a vacancy on the Board, WildStar has the right to designate a replacement nominee who shall be appointed to the Board, subject to satisfaction of applicable legal and exchange listing requirements and reasonable approval of the Board. Governance Changes Since the Reclassification Since the Reclassification, the Company has continued to evolve its governance practices and has implemented the following additional changes: On July 18, 2023, the Board appointed William Giles and Luca Zaramella, two new independent directors, to serve as members of the Board as agreed to pursuant to a Cooperation Agreement with Elliott Management. Following our 2023 Annual Meeting, the Board appointed Jos Manuel Madero Garza as interim independent Board Chair and commenced a search for an independent Board Chair. That search concluded in late Fiscal 2024 with the Board s decision, effective March 1, 2024, to elect Christopher J. Baldwin as a member of the Board and appoint him as independent Board Chair. During Fiscal 2024, the Board engaged Spencer Stuart, a global executive search and leadership consulting firm, to conduct an enhanced effectiveness review, including a focus on Board composition, refreshment, and succession planning (see the subheading below entitled Board Refreshment, Succession Planning, and Effectiveness Review ). Following our 2024 Annual Meeting, the following Board members were re-appointed to their leadership roles: Mr. Baldwin as independent Board Chair; Judy A. Schmeling as Chair of the Audit Committee; Jennifer M. Daniels as Chair of the CGNR Committee; and Ernesto Hern ndez as Chair of the Human Resources Committee. Following Ms. Schmeling s resignation from the Board in August 2024, Daniel McCarthy was appointed Chair of the Audit Committee. During Fiscal 2025, the CGNR Committee engaged an independent third-party to conduct individual director evaluations to review the performance and effectiveness of each Board member in addition to the annual self-evaluation process undertaken each year by the Board and each of its committees. This process for individual director evaluations included a review of the performance and effectiveness of each Board member, including their contribution to Board discussions, their understanding of the Company and Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Approach to Corporate Governance Table of Contents its industry, their attendance and contributions at Board and committee meetings, and their overall commitment to their duties. The Board understands the importance of sound governance to our stakeholders and will continue to evaluate its governance practices in response to the expressed views and policies of our stockholders and other stakeholders and seek to evolve those practices as appropriate. Corporate Governance Highlights Highlights of our corporate governance practices include the following: Refreshed Board and Board Leadership In the past three years, we have added three independent directors to the Board, including an independent Board Chair, and seven of our nine independent directors have served for less than seven years on the Board. Independent Committees and Refreshed Committee Leadership The Board has three standing committees: (i) Audit; (ii) Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility; and (iii) Human Resources. All members of these committees are independent directors. Each committee Chair was appointed to such position within the past two years. Annual Election of Directors To promote accountability to our stockholders and to align with governance best practices, all of our directors stand for election on an annual basis. Majority Voting Standard for Director Elections Our By-Laws provide for a majority voting standard in uncontested elections which provides that a director nominee will be elected only if the number of votes cast FOR the nominee exceeds the number of votes cast AGAINST the nominee. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require each director nominee to submit an irrevocable contingent resignation which becomes effective only upon (i) such nominee s failure to receive the requisite number of votes for re-election at any future meeting at which such person would face re-election and (ii) the Board s acceptance of such resignation. If the nominee does not receive the requisite number of votes for re-election, the CGNR Committee will act on an expedited basis to make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will then consider the CGNR Committee s recommendation and take such action as it determines to be appropriate. Policy Against Pledging Company Stock Our Policy Against Pledging Company Stock prohibits executive officers and directors from pledging shares of the Company s stock. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, holding such shares in a margin account or any other account that could cause the Company s stock to be subject to a margin call or otherwise be available as collateral for a margin loan. The sole exception to that prohibition is that any member of the Sands family nominated by WildStar to serve on the Board is permitted to continue to pledge their shares of Company stock owned directly or indirectly through Sands family related entities, subject to the restrictions and limitations in the Reclassification Agreement. Under the Reclassification Agreement, any member of the Sands family nominated by WildStar to serve on the Board is permitted to continue to pledge stock so long as: (i) through November 10, 2027, such pledging cannot exceed the greater of: (a) the number of shares having a value of approximately $4 billion at any point in time; and (b) the number of shares pledged as of signing of the Reclassification Agreement; and (ii) after November 10, 2027 and until no Sands family nominee is on the Board, pledging cannot exceed the number of shares having a value of $3 billion, as adjusted annually by the Consumer Price Index, subject to grace and cure periods. The CGNR Committee is responsible for ensuring compliance with the Policy Against Pledging Company Stock and for monitoring permitted pledging by the Sands family Board nominees and related entities. The CGNR Committee conducts quarterly reviews of pledging for compliance with the policy and the Reclassification Agreement limitations at each regularly scheduled CGNR Committee meeting. Regularly Scheduled Executive Sessions The Board meets on a regularly scheduled basis and holds an executive session at every regularly scheduled meeting of the Board. Those executive sessions include sessions of the non-management directors as well as separate sessions of the independent directors. The Board Chair leads the discussions and acts as the chair of such executive sessions. Director Independence Assuming all of the nominated directors are elected, the Board will consist of twelve directors, nine of whom will be independent. Mr. Newlands, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is one of the non-independent directors, and the other two non-independent directors are Messrs. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 5 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Approach to Corporate Governance Table of Contents Richard Sands and Robert Sands, who have been designated by WildStar to be nominated to the Board under the Reclassification Agreement. Board, Committee, and Director Evaluation Processes The Board and each of its committees conducts a self-evaluation of its performance on an annual basis. In addition, during Fiscal 2025, the CGNR Committee engaged an independent third-party to conduct individual director evaluations. This new process included a review of the performance and effectiveness of each Board member, including their contribution to Board discussions, their understanding of the Company and its industry, their attendance and contributions at Board and committee meetings, and their overall commitment to their duties. The CGNR Committee also determined to implement a periodic cadence of conducting similar individual director evaluations on a go-forward basis. During Fiscal 2024, the Board and the Company conducted an enhanced Board effectiveness review with the assistance of a global executive search and leadership consulting firm. Outside Board Commitments Our Board expects individual directors to allot sufficient time and attention to Company matters and to use their judgment and consider all of their commitments when accepting additional directorships, including with other public companies or charitable organizations. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that: A director shall not serve on the boards of more than four public companies (including ours), with each non-executive board chair position considered as two board seats for this purpose. No director who is a named executive officer of any public company (including ours) shall serve on the board of more than a total of two public companies (including ours). No member of the Audit Committee may serve simultaneously on the audit committees of more than three public companies (including ours). A director should notify the Chair of the CGNR Committee (or the Board Chair in certain cases) when considering whether to serve on any company board (other than the board of a not-for-profit entity). The CGNR Committee is required to conduct an annual review of director and committee leadership time commitments, with consideration given to public company board leadership positions and other director time commitments. The CGNR Committee conducted this review in April 2025 and determined that each director nominee has sufficient time to commit to his or her service on the Board and its committees. The Board may consider exceptions to the above limitations on a case-by-case basis. Our Board believes that this approach strikes the right balance by allowing for the depth and breadth of experience gained through membership on other boards and the time commitment needed for engaged board and committee service. Mandatory Retirement Age While the Board does not believe that it should establish term limits for directors, our Corporate Governance Guidelines prohibit a director who commenced service to the Board after June 2002 from standing for re-election after reaching the age of 70. This mandatory retirement age applies to all director nominees except for Messrs. Richard Sands and Robert Sands. Orientation and Continuing Education The CGNR Committee maintains an orientation process for all new directors, which includes comprehensive background briefings by the Company s executive officers. In addition, all directors periodically participate in briefing sessions on certain subjects relevant to the Company s business strategy, visit various of the Company s breweries, wineries, and other facilities, and receive education on new, emerging, or otherwise relevant matters. This education is intended to provide the directors with a better understanding of the Company, its business, and its industry to assist them in discharging their duties. In Fiscal 2024, we implemented an enhanced director continuing education program that seeks to assist directors in remaining informed, effective, and at the forefront of industry trends, governance best practices, and legal and regulatory developments. We reimburse each director up to $10,000 per year for attendance costs and travel expenses related to such continuing education. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 6 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Approach to Corporate Governance Table of Contents Stockholder Engagement During Fiscal 2025, we conducted ongoing outreach to stockholders, engaging with investors who collectively held approximately 45% of our outstanding shares of Class A Stock. As of part of that outreach, our management team (including representatives from our Investor Relations department and members of our Executive Management Committee) and, when appropriate, members of the Board, updated investors on a range of topics, and gained an understanding of the perspectives of investors. Who We Engage Institutional Investors Sell-side Analysts Retail Stockholders Proxy Advisory Firms Investor Collectives and Coalitions Stockholder Proposal Proponents How We Engage One-on-one and group virtual and in-person meetings Quarterly earnings calls Industry and sell-side analyst presentations and conferences Company-hosted events and presentations Written and electronic communications Who Participates Executive Management Investor Relations CSR Corporate Secretary and Legal Other Subject Matter Experts Board Members (when appropriate) Important Topics of Engagement Business strategy, current business conditions, and financial updates Corporate governance Executive compensation CSR, environmental sustainability, and workforce inclusive culture Important Stockholder Engagement Resources Constellation s Investor Relations Website https://ir.cbrands.com Fiscal 2025 Financial Results Fiscal 2026 to Fiscal 2028 Outlook materials dated April 9, 2025 Annual Proxy Statement, Annual Report, Annual Meeting 2025 ESG Impact Report Quarterly Earnings Releases and Quarterly Reports Other SEC Filings Our Investor Relations department and the members of our Executive Management Committee that primarily participate in these discussions regularly report to the Board regarding their engagements and the feedback received on the various topics discussed to keep the Board informed of our stockholders perspectives and enable them to consider and seek to address those matters effectively. We continually evaluate enhancements to our corporate governance, executive compensation, and CSR, environmental sustainability, and workforce inclusive culture areas, and appreciate engaging key stakeholders including our stockholders in the evaluation of these enhancements. Stockholders or other interested parties may request to communicate directly with directors or the non-management directors as a group by writing to Constellation Brands, Inc., Board of Directors, 50 East Broad St., Rochester, NY 14614. Stockholders or other interested parties may also communicate concerns via the contact information on our investor relations website at https://ir.cbrands.com. Communications from stockholders or other interested parties to individual directors or the full Board may also be sent via email to corpsecretary@cbrands.com. Our Secretary reviews all communications sent to the Board. All such communications will be forwarded to the Board, the appropriate committee, or an individual director, except for those items that our Secretary deems, in the Secretary s discretion, to be unsolicited marketing communications or unrelated to a director s duties or responsibilities. Communications addressed to the Board may, at our discretion, be shared with members of management. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 7 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees The terms of our current directors will expire at the Meeting. The Board has nominated twelve directors to be elected by the stockholders at the Meeting to hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. We provide an overview of the twelve nominees in the table below. Starting on page 9 , we provide a full matrix of director skills and experiences, as well as the rationale for considering such skills and experiences. See Director Biographies on page 13 for more information about each of our director nominees. Nominee Age Director Since Independent Other Public Company Boards Current Committee Membership (C = Chair) Christopher J. Baldwin 62 2024 Y 1 Board Chair No Committees Christy Clark 59 2019 Y 0 HRC Jennifer M. Daniels 61 2018 Y 0 CGNRC (C) Audit Nicholas I. Fink 50 2021 Y 1 CGNRC HRC William Giles 65 2023 Y 2 HRC Ernesto M. Hern ndez 67 2014 Y 2 CGNRC HRC (C) Jos Manuel Madero Garza 57 2019 Y 1 Audit Daniel J. McCarthy 61 2015 Y 0 Audit (C) William A. Newlands 66 2019 N 1 None Richard Sands* 74 1982 N 0 None Robert Sands* 66 1990 N 0 None Luca Zaramella 56 2023 Y 0 Audit * Messrs. Richard Sands and Robert Sands are the nominees of WildStar pursuant to the Reclassification Agreement. Management does not anticipate that any of the nominees will become unavailable to serve for any reason, but if that should occur before the Meeting, proxies will be voted FOR another nominee or nominees to be selected by the Board, subject to WildStar s right pursuant to the Reclassification Agreement to designate a replacement for its nominees. Evaluation and Selection Process for Director Nominees The Board selects director candidates based on the recommendation of the CGNR Committee. This committee has developed, and the Board has adopted, the Corporate Governance Guidelines which include provisions relating to composition and operation of the Board, and the Board s interaction with management. This committee is responsible for developing lists of desirable director candidates, screening prospective candidates, sharing information concerning the candidates and the process with the Board, and soliciting input from other members of the Board. The Board continually reviews its composition to identify the skills needed for our Company both in the near term and into the future. Ongoing strategic board succession planning, along with our compulsory retirement age for directors who joined the Board after June 2002, help ensure that the Board continues to maintain an appropriate mix of objectivity, skills, and experiences to provide fresh perspectives and effective oversight and guidance to Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents management, while leveraging the institutional knowledge and historical perspective of our longer-tenured directors. Historically, the CGNR Committee has used independent third-party search firms to help identify, evaluate, and conduct due diligence on potential director candidates. Using a professional search firm supports the CGNR Committee in conducting a broad search designed to develop a desirable pool of potential candidates. The CGNR Committee also considers recommendations made by the members of the Board, as well as input and feedback provided to the Board by stockholders, stockholder advocacy groups, and proxy advisors on matters related to board composition (including board size, inclusivity, skill set, and leadership). The CGNR Committee and the Board apply equal rigor in making nomination decisions for directors standing for re-election as they do in evaluating prospective candidates to join the Board, subject to the requirements of the Reclassification Agreement to nominate or appoint WildStar designees. Our Board expects individual directors to allot sufficient time and attention to Company matters. The CGNR Committee conducts an annual review of director and committee leadership time commitments covering various categories to assess that each director has sufficient time to commit to his or her service on the Board and its committees. Category Description Attendance, Contributions, and Overall Commitment Attendance and contributions at Board and committee meetings, and overall commitment to the director s duties Board and Director Evaluations Feedback received during the annual Board, committee, and director evaluation process as well as discussions between each director and the Board Chair, CGNR Committee Chair, and CEO Director Experiences, Skills, and Qualifications Possession of experiences and skills considered essential to creating an effective, well-rounded, and diverse Board that is empowered for proper oversight of our business and the extent to which the director contributes to the appropriate mix of objectivity, skills, and experiences to provide fresh perspectives and effective oversight and guidance to management, while leveraging institutional knowledge and historical perspective Public Company Board Leadership Positions and Other Time Commitments Stringent evaluation of overboarding considerations, time commitments, compliance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines limits on outside boards, and potential conflicts of interest or independence concerns Stockholder Feedback Assessment of stockholder feedback, including level of support received at the most recent Annual Meeting of Stockholders Director Experiences, Skills, and Qualifications The CGNR Committee recommends nominees for director on the basis of their character, wisdom, judgment, ability to make independent analytical inquiries, business experiences, understanding of the Company s business environment, time commitment, and acumen. This committee is responsible for assessing the appropriate balance of skills and characteristics required of Board members. When evaluating individual director candidates, the CGNR Committee considers many different skills and experiences. The following experiences and skills are considered by the CGNR Committee and the Board as being essential to creating an effective, well-rounded, and inclusive Board that is empowered for proper oversight of our business: Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 9 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents Experiences and Skills Rationale for Consideration Senior Leadership Provides valuable judgment and experience as a current or former C-suite executive or similar role at a publicly traded entity or large private company or other organization. Senior leadership experience allows a director to have a better understanding of management s perspective while providing effective oversight of management and informs the Board s succession planning process. Finance and Capital Allocation Demonstrated experience with large-scale financial analysis and decision making is critical to the Board s considerations of issues including capital allocation and long-term strategy. Industry The consumer products industry, food and beverage industry, and the beverage alcohol industry specifically are fast-moving, complex, and highly regulated. Experience in these industries is important for understanding and reviewing our business and providing guidance on our strategy and industry positioning. Operations and Supply Chain We operate large-scale brewing and winemaking facilities. Significant experience in direct and indirect procurement, demand and supply planning, logistics, and manufacturing is valuable in providing effective oversight to our global operations and supply chain. Accounting and Financial Reporting Experience in accounting and financial reporting is important to ensure oversight of the integrity of our financial reporting, appropriate evaluation of our financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the effectiveness of our internal controls. Brand Building and Marketing Consistent with our mission statement to build brands that people love, we value directors with brand building and brand marketing experience because of the importance of consumer obsession, image, and reputation in the consumer products industry and in the beverage alcohol industry specifically. Human Capital Management Our people are one of our most valuable assets. This skillset provides important experience dealing with critical human resource issues supporting and enhancing our talent acquisition, retention, and development strategies. International Operations Experience with international operations, especially in Mexico, is critical to effective oversight of the key risks and opportunities related to our international operations and production facilities. Other Public Company Board and Governance As we continue to evolve our corporate governance practices, this skillset provides a deeper understanding of the oversight responsibilities of public company boards and furthers the goals of greater transparency, accountability, and protection of stockholder interests. The table below provides a high-level summary of the particular skills and experiences of each of the director nominees approved by the CGNR Committee for election at the Meeting. The fact that a director nominee is not identified as having a particular skill or experience does not mean the director nominee does not possess that skill or experience. Rather, the skills and experiences noted below are those reviewed by the CGNR Committee and the Board in making nomination decisions and as part of the Board succession planning process. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 10 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents Christopher J. Baldwin Christy Clark Jennifer M. Daniels Nicholas I. Fink William Giles Ernesto M. Hern ndez Jos Manuel Madero Garza Daniel J. McCarthy William A. Newlands Richard Sands Robert Sands Luca Zaramella Senior Leadership X X X X X X X X X X X X Finance and Capital Allocation X X X X X X X X Industry X X X X X X X X Operations and Supply Chain X X X X X X Accounting and Financial Reporting X X X X X X Brand Building and Marketing X X X X X Human Capital Management X X X X X X X X X X X X International Operations X X X X X X X Other Public Company Board and Governance X X X X X X X X X Director Nominee Demographics (1) The average tenure of the independent director nominees is 5.4 years. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents (1) Based on self-disclosed demographic information as of June 3, 2025. The Board is also committed to a diversified membership, in terms of both the individuals involved and their various experiences and areas of expertise, as it believes this benefits our international business as well as reflecting our consumers and the communities where we live and work. Director Independence The Board has adopted and reviews its Corporate Governance Guidelines on an annual basis. These guidelines, which were most recently revised in October 2024, require the CGNR Committee and the Board to review all relationships between the Company and directors or director nominees when determining whether certain relationships between our directors and the Company or its subsidiaries are material relationships for purposes of the NYSE independence standards. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on our investor relations website at https://ir.cbrands.com under the section entitled Governance Documents. In April 2025, the Board reviewed the independence of each incumbent director and director nominee. Based on the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the recommendation of the CGNR Committee, the Board has affirmatively determined that none of the following directors and director nominees had any material relationship with the Company and are therefore independent: Christopher J. Baldwin, Christy Clark, Jennifer M. Daniels, Nicholas I. Fink, William Giles, Ernesto M. Hern ndez, Jos Manuel Madero Garza, Daniel J. McCarthy, and Luca Zaramella. Accordingly, each director and director nominee, other than William A. Newlands, Richard Sands, and Robert Sands, is independent. Therefore, following the Meeting, assuming all of the nominated directors are elected, the Board will consist of twelve directors, nine of whom will be independent. The Board also assessed the independence of Judy A. Schmeling who served on the Board during Fiscal 2025 and determined that she was independent for her tenure on the Board. In determining the independence of each director, the Board considered and deemed immaterial to the directors independence transactions involving the sale of products and services in the ordinary course of business between the Company and companies or organizations at which some of our directors were directors, officers, or employees. In each case, the amount paid to or received from these companies or organizations in each of the last three years was determined to be immaterial. Specifically, for Mr. Baldwin, the Board considered a very small commercial relationship for products and services with certain of the portfolio companies of CVC Advisors (U.S.) Inc. over the past three fiscal years. Mr. Baldwin is a Managing Partner of CVC. The Board determined that this relationship did not impair the independence of the director. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 12 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents Director Biographies The reported age of each nominee as presented in the following biographies is as of June 3, 2025. Christopher J. Baldwin Director since 2024 Independent Age 62 Key Skills : Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Industry Operations and Supply Chain Brand Building and Marketing Human Capital Management Independent Board Chair Background: Mr. Baldwin has served as a Managing Partner of CVC Advisors (U.S.) Inc., a leading global private markets manager, since October 2020. Prior to that, he served in various capacities for BJ s after joining the company in September 2015. At BJ s, Mr. Baldwin s roles included Chief Executive Officer from February 2016 to February 2020 and Chairman of the board in both executive and non-executive capacities at various times between May 2018 and June 2023. While at BJ s, Mr. Baldwin served as Chairman of the board of directors of the National Retail Federation, the world s largest retail trade association, from 2018 to 2020. Mr. Baldwin s previous positions include Chief Executive Officer of Hess Retail Corporation, a global independent energy company and spin-off of Hess Corporation, from 2010 to March 2015, and various executive roles at Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (a predecessor of The Kraft Heinz Company), a food and beverage company; The Hershey Company, a global confectionary manufacturer; Nabisco, a manufacturer of cookies and snacks; and The Procter Gamble Company, a multinational consumer goods corporation. Qualifications: Mr. Baldwin brings to the board extensive executive and board leadership experience from his current and previous roles as chief executive officer and chairman of multiple entities. He also possesses deep knowledge of the CPG and food and beverage industries from more than 20 years of service in multiple facets of business leadership, including branding, marketing, and human capital development. Other Current Public Directorships: Advantage Solutions Inc. (Nasdaq: ADV) Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: BJ s Wholesale Club Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BJ) 2018-2024 Christy Clark Director since 2019 Independent Age 59 Key Skills : Senior Leadership Human Capital Management International Operations Committee: Human Resources Background: Ms. Clark has served as a Senior Advisor at Bennett Jones LLP, an internationally recognized Canadian law firm, since July 2018. From March 2011 to July 2017, she was the Premier of the Province of British Columbia, Canada. When she left politics in 2017, she was the longest serving female Premier in Canadian history. Qualifications: As Premier of British Columbia, Ms. Clark earned a reputation as a consensus builder who governed over a multi-year period of economic growth and diversification during which the province became Canada s economic leader and first amongst the provinces in job creation. She brings to the Board her extensive experience in leading large organizations, confronting and building consensus around tough issues, as well as valuable insights into Canadian and international markets, fiscal management, and government relations. Other Current Public Directorships: None Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: Shaw Communications (NYSE: SJR) 2018-2023 Recipe Unlimited Corporation (TSX: RECP) 2018-2022 Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 13 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents Jennifer M. Daniels Director since 2018 Independent Age 61 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Industry Accounting and Financial Reporting Human Capital Management International Operations Committees: Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility (Chair) Audit Background: Ms. Daniels has served as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE: CL), a leading global consumer products company, since November 2014. Prior to that, she served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of NCR Corporation from 2010 to 2014. She also served as Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of Barnes Noble, Inc. from 2007 through 2010. Before that, she spent nearly 17 years at IBM, progressing through increasingly senior roles including Vice President, Assistant General Counsel, Chief Trust and Compliance Officer. Qualifications: Ms. Daniels brings to the Board over 15 years of governance and legal experience developed at multiple public companies spanning several industries. Her recent experiences provide the Board with a global lens on consumer products business, the benefits of a strong transactional track record, and in-depth knowledge of the corporate governance practices of publicly-traded companies. Other Current Public Directorships: None Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Nicholas I. Fink Director since 2021 Independent Age 50 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Industry Operations and Supply Chain Brand Building and Marketing Human Capital Management International Operations Committees: Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Human Resources Background: Mr. Fink has served as Chief Executive Officer of Fortune Brands since January 2020. From March 2019 to January 2020, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Fortune Brands. From July 2016 to March 2019, he served as President of Fortune Brands Water Innovations group. From June 2015 to July 2016, Mr. Fink served as Senior Vice President of Global Growth and Development of Fortune Brands. Prior to that, he served as President, Asia Pacific and South America of Beam Suntory, Inc., a global spirits company. Qualifications: As a current chief executive officer and former chief operating officer, Mr. Fink brings to the Board his executive leadership experience, specifically his experience creating incremental stockholder value through deploying capital, investing in consumer-driven innovation, and developing high-performance teams. He brings to the Board more than 20 years of international and consumer brand experience, including within the beverage alcohol industry, as well as his experience with mergers and acquisitions and strategy. Other Current Public Directorships: Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. (NYSE: FBIN) Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 14 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents William Giles Director since 2023 Independent Age 65 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Accounting and Financial Reporting Human Capital Management Committee: Human Resources Background: Mr. Giles served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Finance, Information Technology and Store Development, Customer Satisfaction for AutoZone (NYSE: AZO), the leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas, from 2007 to December 2020. Mr. Giles joined AutoZone in 2006 as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Finance. From 1991 to May 2006, he held several positions with Linens n Things, Inc., a retailer of home textiles, housewares, and decorative home accessories, most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 1991, Mr. Giles was with Melville, Inc. and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Qualifications: Mr. Giles brings to the Board more than three decades of financial proficiency and business leadership in the retail products industry. The Board benefits from the extensive skills that he developed as the chief financial officer of a public company and his ability to provide insights into the strategic, risk management, governance, and financial topics under consideration at Constellation. Other Current Public Directorships: Brinker International (NYSE: EAT) Floor and Decor Holdings, Inc (NYSE: FND) Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Ernesto M. Hern ndez Director since 2014 Independent Age 67 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Operations and Supply Chain Accounting and Financial Reporting Human Capital Management International Operations Committees: Human Resources (Chair) Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Background: Mr. Hern ndez retired from GM de Mexico, a subsidiary of General Motors Company, in January 2020. From June 2011 until August 2019, he served as President and Managing Director of GM de Mexico. Prior to that time, he served as Vice President and Executive Director of Sales, Service and Marketing of GM de Mexico, having served in that role from April 2003 through May 2011. Mr. Hern ndez began his career with GM de Mexico in 1980 and held numerous positions of growing responsibility within that company. Qualifications: Mr. Hern ndez brings to the Board over 40 years of experience operating large manufacturing businesses in Mexico. His tenure at General Motors included overall responsibility for the commercial and manufacturing sides of General Motors operations in Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean. The Board s oversight of Constellation s operations in Mexico benefits greatly from his experience and insights regarding Mexican business operations. Other Current Public Directorships: Dana Incorporated (NYSE: DAN) BRP Inc. (TSX: DOO; NASDAQ: DOOO) Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 15 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents Jos Manuel Madero Garza Director since 2019 Independent Age 57 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Industry Operations and Supply Chain Accounting and Financial Reporting Human Capital Management International Operations Committee: Audit Background: Mr. Madero is currently an independent business consultant based out of Mexico City. He previously served as interim Non-Executive Chair of the Board of the Company from July 2023 to March 2024. He served as honorary advisor of the COFINECE (national council for the promotion of investment, employment, and economic growth) at the Office of the Chief of Staff of the President of Mexico from March 2019 until his term ended in December 2019. Prior to that, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Grupo Bepensa from February 2015 through February 2019. From 2005 to 2015, Mr. Madero held various roles of growing responsibility with Monsanto Company, a global agriculture company, including Vice President of International Business Development from September 2014 to January 2015, President and Regional Lead EMEA from February 2013 to August 2014, President and Regional Lead Latin America North from August 2009 to January 2013, Vice President of Commercial Operations for Latin America South from December 2007 to August 2009, and President and Regional Lead of Australia and New Zealand from August 2006 to December 2007. Qualifications: Mr. Madero brings to the Board valuable leadership and business experience, including his experience as the former chief executive officer of Grupo Bepensa, a Mexican business conglomerate operating across the industrial, automotive, financial services, and beverage (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) sectors. Mr. Madero has successfully navigated the complexities of Mexican business operations, including the local regulatory environment, and brings that skillset and experience to the Board. Other Current Public Directorships: Newmont Corporation (NYSE: NEM) Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Daniel J. McCarthy Director since 2015 Independent Age 61 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Operations and Supply Chain Accounting and Financial Reporting Human Capital Management Committee: Audit (Chair) Background: Mr. McCarthy stepped down from Frontier Communications Corporation, a communications company, in December 2019. Since April 2015, he had served as Frontier s President and Chief Executive Officer, having been elected to the Frontier board of directors in May 2014. Prior to that he was President and Chief Operating Officer from April 2012 to April 2015, and, previously, was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from January 2006 to April 2012; Senior Vice President, Field Operations from December 2004 to December 2005; and Seni or Vice President, Broadband Operations from January 2004 to December 2004. Mr. McCarthy began his career with Frontier in 1990 and held numerous positions of increasing responsibility within that company. Frontier filed a petition under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in April 2020. Qualifications: Mr. McCarthy brings to the Board his extensive experience as a former chief executive officer, where he demonstrated an ability for oversight, ensuring operational excellence and strategic alignment across the business. He also brings his experience in strategic planning, financial reporting, the competitive environment, mergers and acquisitions, and regulatory affairs. Other Current Public Directorships: None Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 16 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents William A. Newlands President and Chief Executive Officer Director since 2019 Age 66 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Industry Operations and Supply Chain Brand Building and Marketing Human Capital Management International Operations Background: Mr. Newlands has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company since March 2019 and as President since February 2018. He served as Chief Operating Officer from January 2017 through February 2019 and as Executive Vice President from January 2015 until February 2018. From January 2016 to January 2017 he performed the role of President, Wine Spirits Division and from January 2015 through January 2016 he performed the role of Chief Growth Officer. Mr. Newlands joined the Company in January 2015. Prior to that he served from October 2011 until August 2014 as Senior Vice President and President, North America of Beam Inc.; as Senior Vice President and President, North America of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from December 2010 to October 2011; and as Senior Vice President and President, USA of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from February 2008 to December 2010. Beam Inc., a producer and seller of branded distilled spirits products, merged with a subsidiary of Suntory Holding Limited, a Japanese company, in 2014. Prior to October 2011, Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. was the spirits operating segment of Fortune Brands, Inc., which was a leading consumer products company that made and sold branded consumer products worldwide in the distilled spirits, home and security, and golf markets. Qualifications: As the Company s chief executive officer, Mr. Newlands is responsible for providing strategic leadership to the Company and working with the Board to establish long-range goals, strategies, plans, and policies. He brings to our Board operational leadership experience gained through holding a variety of senior management roles within the beverage alcohol industry. He also contributes a broad understanding of industry trends and innovation, as well as insights about consumer product marketing and international business. Other Current Public Directorships: Hormel Foods Corporation (NYSE: HRL) (Chairman of the Board) Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: Canopy Growth Corporation (Nasdaq: CGC; TSX: WEED) 2018-2021 Richard Sands, Ph.D. Director since 1982 Age 74 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Industry Brand Building and Marketing Human Capital Management Background: Mr. Sands previously served as Executive Vice Chairman of the Board of the Company from March 2019 through November 2022 and as Chairman of the Board of the Company from September 1999 through February 2019. He was employed by the Company in various capacities from 1979 through November 2022. He served as Chief Executive Officer from October 1993 to July 2007, as President from May 1986 to December 2002, as Chief Operating Officer from May 1986 to October 1993, and as Executive Vice President from 1982 to May 1986. He is the brother of Robert Sands. During the period of Mr. Sands leadership, the Company expanded through a combination of organic internal growth and inorganic mergers and acquisitions to become a leading global producer and marketer of beverage alcohol brands across imported beer, wine, and spirits. Under the experienced leadership of Mr. Richard Sands and his brother Mr. Robert Sands, the Company grew from a regional wine company to a publicly traded total beverage alcohol company in the S P 500 with revenues for Fiscal 2023 in excess of $9 billion. Qualifications: Mr. Sands brings to the Board deep experience with the Company s management, strategic priorities, and history. He has been a dynamic leader for decades, bringing his diverse skill set to bear in both the board room and operations of the Company. Mr. Sands was nominated to the Board by WildStar pursuant to the terms of the Reclassification Agreement. Other Current Public Directorships: None Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 17 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Table of Contents Robert Sands Director since 1990 Age 66 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Industry Brand Building and Marketing Human Capital Management Background: Mr. Sands previously served as the Non-Executive Chair of the Board of the Company from November 2022 to July 2023, Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company from March 2019 to November 2022, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from July 2007 through February 2019. Mr. Sands also served as President of the Company from December 2002 to February 2018, as Chief Operating Officer from December 2002 to July 2007, as Group President from April 2000 through December 2002, as Chief Executive Officer, International from December 1998 through April 2000, as Executive Vice President from October 1993 through April 2000, as General Counsel from June 1986 through May 2000, and as Vice President from June 1990 through October 1993. He is the brother of Richard Sands. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sands led the Company through the acquisition of its Mexican beer business, the initial build out of its Mexican production footprint, and the premiumization of its brand portfolio. Under the experienced leadership of Mr. Robert Sands and his brother Mr. Richard Sands, the Company grew from a regional wine company to a publicly traded total beverage alcohol company in the S P 500 with revenues for Fiscal 2023 in excess of $9 billion. Qualifications: Mr. Sands brings to the Board his vast expertise with the Company s operations, brands, and shifting consumer demands, based on over three decades of experience across his many roles. He is a top leader of the beverage alcohol industry, having built extensive relationships across the industry at home and abroad. Mr. Sands was nominated to the Board by WildStar pursuant to the terms of the Reclassification Agreement. Other Current Public Directorships: None Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Luca Zaramella Director since 2023 Independent Age 56 Key Skills: Senior Leadership Finance and Capital Allocation Industry Accounting and Financial Reporting Human Capital Management International Operations Committee: Audit Background: Mr. Zaramella has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Mondel z (Nasdaq: MDLZ), a global snacking leader, since August 2018. In this role, he is responsible for the oversight of the company s global Finance, Information and Technology Solutions, and shared service functions. He previously served as Senior Vice President Corporate Finance, CFO Commercial and Treasurer from June 2016 to July 2018, as Interim Lead Finance North America from April 2017 to November 2017, as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller from December 2014 to August 2016, and as Senior Vice President, Finance of Mondel z Europe from October 2011 to November 2014. He joined Mondel z in 1996. Qualifications: As the current chief financial officer of a multi-billion dollar public company in the food and beverage industry, Mr. Zaramella brings to the Board a wealth of financial expertise, including strategic planning, risk management, and financial reporting. He leverages his experience to provide the Board and the Company with insights into effective capital allocation, financial management, and operational efficiency. Other Current Public Directorships: None Other Public Directorships in the Past Five Years: None Vote Required Each director shall be elected by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the Meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. For this purpose, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast shall mean that the number of shares voted for a director s election exceeds 50% of the number of votes cast with respect to that director s election. Votes cast shall include votes for and votes against and exclude abstentions and broker non-votes with respect to that director s election. The Board recommends a vote FOR all nominees. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 18 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and Committee Composition Table of Contents Board and Committee Composition Board Refreshment, Succession Planning, and Effectiveness Review As part of the Board s focus on continuously reviewing and updating its governance practices, the Board worked with Spencer Stuart in Fiscal 2024 to conduct an enhanced Board effectiveness review. The review included all dimensions of board performance with a focus on matters related to board composition (including board size, skill set, and leadership), and governance practices. The review identified and confirmed key strengths and opportunities in the following areas of focus: Area of Focus Strengths Opportunities and Actions Board succession planning The review confirmed the Board s perspective that the Board has been thoughtfully composed with directors who have expertise, backgrounds, and geographic and political knowledge relevant to the Company s strategy. During Fiscal 2025, the Board and CGNR Committee continued to develop a long-term succession plan for the Board which will be revisited and updated at least annually. CEO succession planning The review confirmed the Board s perspective that the Company has enjoyed strong leadership from the CEO and executive leadership team, and that the Board has historically recognized and continues to recognize its responsibility for CEO succession. The Human Resources Committee and the Board are continuing efforts to enhance their engagement on leadership succession planning. The Board s role in strategy The review identified that the Board is aligned with the CEO and executive management team on the key strategic priorities facing the Company. Starting in Fiscal 2024, the Board began holding annual dedicated strategy meetings and is working on generally increasing the Board s overall engagement in corporate strategy. Stockholder engagement The review confirmed that the Board is well-informed of stockholder perspectives regarding the business and governance of the Company. The Company has developed a robust stockholder engagement plan, which includes increasing levels of proactive outreach to the portfolio managers and stewardship teams from the Company s largest stockholders and their advisors. Board education and development The review confirmed that new directors participate in an onboarding process and also receive continuing education from management on the Company s business. In Fiscal 2024, the Company implemented an enhanced director continuing education program. The Company continues to enhance and build out its director onboarding processes to further prepare all new directors to make their strongest contributions to the Board. Governance enhancements The review confirmed that the Board has operated well and has adopted good governance practices, and that the Board should continue to evolve its governance practices as a non-controlled company. The CGNR Committee and the Board are committed to continuing to implement governance enhancements, including those listed above under the subheading Governance Changes Since the Reclassification . Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 19 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and Committee Composition Table of Contents Board and Committee Evaluation Process We believe the Board's historical self-evaluation process has been an effective tool in ensuring sound corporate governance practices, which are important to the success of the Company s business and in advancing stakeholder interests. As provided in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board committee Charters, and the NYSE listing standards, the Board and each of its committees conducts an annual self-evaluation with a particular focus on overall effectiveness. The committees report to the Board on the outcome of their self-evaluations. As part of the Board refreshment, succession planning, and effectiveness review summarized above, during Fiscal 2025, the CGNR Committee engaged an independent third party to conduct individual director evaluations. This new process included a review of the performance and effectiveness of each Board member, including their contribution to Board discussions, their understanding of the Company and its industry, their attendance and contributions at Board and committee meetings, and their overall commitment to their duties. The CGNR Committee also determined to implement a periodic cadence of conducting similar individual director evaluations on a go-forward basis. Board Leadership Structure The Board is responsible for overseeing our business strategy, the exercise of corporate power, and ensuring that the Company s business and affairs are managed to meet our stated goals and objectives. The Board ensures that we have an effective management team in place to run our business and serves to protect and advance the long-term interests of our stockholders. The role of our executive officers is to develop and implement a strategic business plan for the Company with the oversight of the Board and to achieve our strategic, operating, and financial objectives. Our employees conduct our business under the direction of our President and CEO with the independent oversight of the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that there is no predetermined policy as to whether the roles of Chair of the Board and CEO should be separate and, if the roles are to be separate, whether the Chair of the Board should be a management or non-management director. Each year, the Board chooses a director to serve as Board Chair. The Board Chair schedules and presides at executive sessions of non-management directors and independent directors. The Board Chair also facilitates communication between other members of the Board, the Chair, and the CEO. If the Board Chair is not an independent director, then the non-management directors choose an independent director to serve as Lead Director. In that instance, the Lead Director is responsible for presiding at executive sessions of non-management directors and independent directors, and facilitating communication between other members of the Board, the Chair, and the CEO. Since the Board Chair is currently an independent director, a Lead Director has not been designated by the non-management directors. Oversight of Risk Management The Board recognizes that the achievement of our strategic, operating, and financial objectives involves risk. The Board oversees the management of those risks, with a focus on the most significant risks that we face. The Board performs this oversight role within the Company s integrated ERM framework. Our ERM framework consists of risk identification, risk assessments, risk mitigation, monitoring, communication, and continuous review and improvement. Consistent with this approach, one of the Board s primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with executive management and other senior leaders with respect to key aspects of the Company s business, including the assessment and mitigation of the Company s most significant risks. The Board has tasked its committees with the oversight of certain categories of risks, and those committees report to the Board regularly on these matters. Audit Committee : The Audit Committee performs the Board s oversight responsibilities as they relate to our accounting and ERM policies, internal controls, and financial reporting practices, and reviews and assesses our major enterprise risk exposures and the manner in which such risks are being monitored and controlled. The Audit Committee also monitors the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and oversees cybersecurity, including privacy and information security, and receives regular updates from our Chief Information Security Officer. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 20 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and Committee Composition Table of Contents Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Committee : The CGNR Committee oversees risks related to our governance structure and processes and our environmental, sustainability, and social responsibility programs. It administers our related person transactions policy, and as part of that administration process, oversees our processes for mitigating any risks in such transactions. It also monitors compliance with the Company s stated policy prohibiting pledging and monitors any continued pledging by permitted persons. This committee also reviews stockholder proposals and makes recommendations to the Board regarding any such proposal. Human Resources Committee : The Human Resources Committee reviews our executive and non-executive compensation programs and practices as they relate to risk management practices and risk-taking incentives. The Human Resources Committee also reviews the Company s human capital matters. Risk Identification, Assessment, Monitoring, and Mitigation Processes The Board is supported in its risk oversight function by our management team and specifically our ERM function. The ERM function has established a governance structure in charge of continuous risk management. We have three specialized risk monitoring sub-committees tailored to each segment of the company (Beer, Wine Spirits, and Corporate). The three sub-committees are multi-faceted and responsible for both crisis management and risk management. They meet on at least a quarterly basis to track open threats and risks to the business. The committees are comprised of cross functional representation in the business that contribute their expertise to address risk and emerging threats, and to facilitate strategic decision making in response to crisis scenarios. There is representation on the committees from legal, finance, audit, communications, operations, ERM, public affairs, and information technology. We also have implemented a Geopolitical, Strategic, and Organizational Committee with representation of all of our business units that also meets on a quarterly basis to discuss top threats and risks to the company. ERM formally reports into each of executive management and the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis and to the Board at least annually. Additionally, ERM has weekly informal conversations with the executive management team on emerging threats and risks. Oversight of ESG-Related Risks The Board recognizes the importance of our ESG initiatives and the need to provide effective oversight of those initiatives. The Board has oversight responsibility for all areas not specifically delegated to one of its committees. In concert with its committees, the Board also oversees material risks and opportunities related to our strategic plan, including ESG considerations such as water usage and availability. The CGNR Committee s Charter sets forth its responsibility for oversight of the Company s environmental, sustainability, and social responsibility programs, as well as to review the Company s environmental, sustainability, and social responsibility programs and goals, and the Company s progress toward achieving those goals. The Human Resources Committee s Charter sets forth its responsibility for review human capital matters (including disclosures related to such matters). The Audit Committee reviews the Company s ESG program as part of its responsibility to perform the Board s oversight responsibilities as they relate to the Company s accounting policies, internal controls, and financial reporting practices, including monitoring the ERM process and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. Our Chief Communications, CSR, and Inclusion Officer and other members of management report directly to the CGNR Committee at every regularly scheduled meeting of the committee (in meetings generally attended by the full Board) regarding key recommendations, progress, and outcomes related to our ESG strategy and related goals. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 21 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and Committee Composition Table of Contents Oversight of Cybersecurity-Related Risks The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility for cybersecurity, including privacy and information security. In connection with that oversight responsibility, the Audit Committee receives regular updates from our Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Information Officer regarding our cybersecurity program and governance processes; cyber risk monitoring and management; the status of projects to strengthen our cybersecurity and privacy capabilities; recent significant incidents or threats impacting our operations, industry, or third-party suppliers; and the emerging threat landscape. Our Board Committees Board and Committee Meetings and Committee Membership During Fiscal 2025, the Board met six times. Each incumbent director who is standing for re-election at the Meeting attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings held by the Board and each committee of the Board on which they served during their period of service. The non-management directors and the independent directors also meet periodically in regularly scheduled sessions without management. Our directors are expected to attend each Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and all directors who were at that time standing for re-election attended our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The table and footnotes below list our three separately designated, standing Board committees, the directors who serve on them as of June 3, 2025, and the number of committee meetings held in Fiscal 2025. Each committee operates under a written charter that was approved by the Board and is available on our investor relations website at https://ir.cbrands.com. Each member of the three standing Board committees is independent in accordance with the applicable requirements of the NYSE listing standards, the SEC, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Unless noted below, all directors served on the respective committees listed below for the entirety of Fiscal 2025. Audit Committee (1) Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Committee (2) Human Resources Committee (3) Ms. Daniels Ms. Daniels u Ms. Clark Mr. Madero Mr. Fink Mr. Fink Mr. McCarthy ul Mr. Hern ndez Mr. Giles Mr. Zaramella l Mr. McCarthy Mr. Hern ndez u u Committee Chair l Audit Committee Financial Expert (1) The Audit Committee held five meetings in Fiscal 2025. Mr. McCarthy was appointed as Chair of the committee effective September 6, 2024. (2) The CGNR Committee held four meetings in Fiscal 2025. Mr. McCarthy was elected as a member of the committee effective September 6, 2024. (3) The Human Resources Committee held five meetings in Fiscal 2025. The Board considers the composition of its committees at the first Board meeting immediately following the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and as otherwise appropriate. Audit Committee This committee performs the Board s oversight responsibilities as they relate to our accounting policies, internal controls, and financial reporting practices, including, among other things, the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm, the performance of our internal audit function and the independent registered public accounting firm, and the ERM process and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. In addition, this committee maintains a line of communication between the Board and our financial management, internal auditors, and independent registered public accounting firm. The committee also reviews with management the activities of our global ethics and compliance function. The Board has determined that Ms. Daniels and Messrs. Madero, McCarthy, and Zaramella are independent (as independence is determined for audit Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 22 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and Committee Composition Table of Contents committee members under NYSE listing standards) and that all are financially literate. The Board has also determined that Messrs. McCarthy and Zaramella qualify as audit committee financial experts. Additional information regarding the experience of each committee member is set forth under the heading Director Nominees. No committee member simultaneously serves on the audit committees of more than two other public companies. CGNR Committee The CGNR Committee identifies individuals qualified to become Board members consistent with criteria and qualifications for membership approved by the Board and selects, or recommends that the Board select, director nominees for each Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The CGNR Committee advises the Board concerning the appropriate composition of the Board and its committees, develops and recommends corporate governance guidelines to the Board, advises the Board regarding appropriate corporate governance practices and assists the Board in achieving them, and oversees the Company s environmental, sustainability, and social responsibility programs and goals and Company s progress toward achieving those goals. Among other matters, this committee also makes recommendations to the Board with respect to an officer to be designated as Chief Executive Officer, a director to serve as Chair of the Board, and, if applicable, an independent director to serve as Lead Director. In addition, this committee advises the Board regarding compensation for the non-management directors and reviews related person transactions involving the Company and its directors, director nominees, executive officers, or significant stockholders. The CGNR Committee also considers director nominations recommended by our stockholders for inclusion as a director nominee at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Nominations by stockholders must be provided in a timely manner, must include sufficient biographical information so that the CGNR Committee can appropriately assess the proposed nominee s background and qualifications, and must be made in accordance with the procedures set forth under the heading Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting. Human Resources Committee This committee functions as the compensation committee of the Board. In addition to satisfying the applicable independence requirements of the SEC and the NYSE and qualifying as independent under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the members of the Human Resources Committee are considered non-employee directors under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. This committee fulfills the Board s responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, and engages an independent consultant to assist with its review and analysis of executive compensation. Additionally, the Human Resources Committee monitors: our human resources policies and procedures as they relate to our goals and objectives and good management practices; our material policies and procedures which relate to compliance with pertinent human resources laws and regulations, the ethical conduct of the business as it relates to human resources matters, and the management of human resources capital; our procedures and internal controls that relate to personnel administration, pay practices, and benefits administration; and human capital matters. The Human Resources Committee is responsible for evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer and approves each element of his compensation, as well as the compensation of our other executive officers. This committee also annually reviews with management the CD A section of this Proxy Statement and, as appropriate, recommends to the Board that it be included in our applicable filings with the SEC. This committee presently oversees our LTSIP, AMIP, and ESPP, and it reviews our senior management development and succession plans and any employment agreement with any current or proposed executives as well as other important human resources issues. The Human Resources Committee has not delegated any authority with respect to the compensation of our executive officers. The Human Resources Committee has delegated to our Chief Human Resources Officer limited authority to grant equity awards to non-executive officer employees, subject to certain limitations on the aggregate annual value of such awards and the annual value of awards granted to an individual recipient. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and Committee Composition Table of Contents The Role of Our Executive Officers Executive officers may make recommendations and provide information to, and answer questions from, the Human Resources Committee as it fulfills its responsibilities regarding executive compensation during each fiscal year. No executive officer has the authority to approve their compensation or to grant awards of equity compensation to themselves or to any other executive officer. The Role of Compensation Consultants The Human Resources Committee directly engaged FW Cook to serve as its independent compensation consultant for Fiscal 2025. The scope of services relating to Fiscal 2025 executive compensation performed by FW Cook generally consisted of the following: competitive reviews of our executive compensation programs, including a review of current incentive programs, a review of our peer group, and external market-check analyses (including a pay-for-performance analysis); plan modification and design recommendations, including advice related to the design of our compensation program for our President and Chief Executive Officer and our other named executive officers; updates on executive compensation trends and related regulatory rulemaking; an executive compensation risk analysis; a review of the 2025 CD A; and additional consultant support as needed including review and comment on management proposals and attendance at committee meetings. FW Cook also serves as the independent compensation consultant to the CGNR Committee concerning compensation of the non-management directors. The CGNR Committee directly engaged FW Cook to assist with its review and recommendations concerning the non-management director compensation program for action by the Board in Fiscal 2025. During Fiscal 2025, FW Cook provided advice and recommendations on executive and director compensation and did not provide us with any additional services. The Human Resources Committee has considered the independence of FW Cook, as required under NYSE listing standards. The committee has also considered the relevant factors, including but not limited to those set forth in Rule 10C-1(b)(4)(i) through (vi) under the Exchange Act, that could give rise to a potential conflict of interest with respect to FW Cook. Based on its reviews, the Human Resources Committee has not identified any conflicts of interest regarding the services of FW Cook or its employees. Compensation Risk Assessment In April 2025, the Human Resources Committee received a report from its independent compensation consultant analyzing our executive compensation programs for potential risks created by such programs, as well as the design elements in our programs that mitigate any such risks. The committee also received a comparable report with respect to our non-executive compensation programs prepared by the Human Resources Department. The Human Resources Committee s review process did not identify any compensation-related risks that it considered reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. The committee reached this conclusion after considering the features of our compensation programs, including: the use of an appropriate pay philosophy, peer groups, and market positioning in order to support business objectives; a mix of cash and equity compensation, fixed and variable compensation, and short-term and long-term compensation; annual short-term and long-term incentive compensation that is dependent upon our performance against multiple performance metrics; and a mix of equity awards, including NQSOs, RSUs, and PSUs for all named executive officers. The committee also reviewed a number of features that are designed to mitigate risk, including: effective controls and plan governance, including centralized management by the Human Resources Department and oversight by the Finance Department; Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 24 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and Committee Composition Table of Contents independent oversight of the executive compensation program by the committee; capped maximum opportunities under the annual short-term incentive compensation program and the PSU program that discourage excessive risk-taking and protect against the possibility that actions are taken to maximize short-term results at the expense of long-term objectives; double trigger vesting of equity awards following a change in control; and our robust stock ownership guidelines, anti-hedging policy, recently implemented anti-pledging policy, and revised clawback policy. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 25 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Table of Contents Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Transactions with Related Persons During Fiscal 2025, based on arm s-length negotiations, WildStar, an entity which is indirectly owned in part by Richard Sands and Robert Sands, paid us a total of $202,703 for the use of certain office space and administrative services at our corporate offices in Canandaigua, New York. During Fiscal 2022, based on arm s-length negotiations, we entered into a lease agreement for office space for our corporate headquarters in Rochester, New York with an entity approximately 25% of which is indirectly owned by an entity owned by Robert Sands. During Fiscal 2025, we made $2,124,826 in lease payments related to such office space. Policy Regarding Related Person Transactions The Board and the CGNR Committee have adopted a written policy providing that all related person transactions or series of similar transactions in which the amount exceeds or may be expected to exceed $120,000 must be presented to the CGNR Committee for pre-approval or, in certain instances, ratification. The policy requires each of our (i) directors or director nominees, (ii) executive officers, and (iii) security holders known by the Company to own of record or to beneficially own more than 5% of any class of our voting securities to notify the Chief Legal Officer promptly and, whenever possible, in advance of the occurrence of any potential related person transaction in which such person is directly or indirectly involved. The Chief Legal Officer is responsible for reviewing all potential related person transactions and taking reasonable steps to ensure that all related person transactions are presented to the CGNR Committee for pre-approval or ratification by members of the committee at the committee s next regularly scheduled meeting. If the Chief Legal Officer determines it is impractical or undesirable to wait until a committee meeting to pre-approve a related person transaction, the Chair of the committee may review and pre-approve or ratify the transaction, and any such action (and supporting rationale) must be reported to the committee at its next meeting. No director may engage in a vote to pre-approve any related person transaction in which they or any member of their immediate family has a material interest; provided, however, that such director must provide any information concerning such related person transaction that the CGNR Committee may reasonably request. If a potential related person transaction involves the Chief Legal Officer, the Chief Financial Officer would assume the responsibilities of the Chief Legal Officer under the policy with respect to that transaction. The CGNR Committee may consider all factors it deems relevant when determining whether to pre-approve a related person transaction. In the context of evaluating potential transactions, the CGNR Committee may consider, among other factors, the nature of the transaction and the related person s interest in the transaction, the size of the transaction, whether we are able to engage in a comparable transaction with an unaffiliated party on more favorable terms, the benefit of the transaction to us, and the impact of the transaction on the related person. The CGNR Committee will prohibit such a transaction if it determines the transaction to be inconsistent with the interests of the Company and its stockholders. We are not aware of any related person transaction required to be reported under Regulation S-K Item 404(a) since the beginning of Fiscal 2025 that has not been pre-approved or ratified pursuant to this policy. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 26 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Table of Contents Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During Fiscal 2025, Christy Clark, Nicholas I. Fink, William Giles, and Ernesto M. Hern ndez served as members of the Human Resources Committee. None of the members of the Human Resources Committee was an officer or employee of the Company during Fiscal 2025. None of our executive officers served on the compensation committee or the board of directors of any company that had one or more of its executive officers serving as a member of our Human Resources Committee or Board during Fiscal 2025. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 27 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Compensation Table of Contents Director Compensation The CGNR Committee advises the Board with regard to compensation of non-management directors. The CGNR Committee directly engaged FW Cook as its independent compensation consultant to assist with such matters during Fiscal 2025. Management personnel within the Human Resources Department support the CGNR Committee and the Board in their work concerning non-management director compensation. Executive officers may make recommendations or provide information to, or answer questions from, the CGNR Committee and the Board regarding non-management director compensation. Mr. Newlands, who is also an executive officer of the Company, receives no additional compensation for serving as a director. Our compensation program for non-management members of the Board currently runs on an annual cycle starting with the first Board meeting immediately following the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and includes compensation in the form of cash, RSUs, and NQSOs. As part of the annual compensation review process, our director compensation program was reviewed by FW Cook in July 2024. In light of developments in the Company s competitive positioning and the Committee s historical biennial cycle for reviewing the director compensation program, FW Cook proposed the following change to the program: A $5,000 increase in the annual cash retainer for service as the Chair of the Audit Committee. In FW Cook s review and recommendation in July 2024 to make the above adjustment to the director compensation program, FW Cook informed the CGNR Committee that the structure of our director compensation program continues to be generally aligned with peer group policy and broader market practices. FW Cook s recommendation was reviewed and approved by the Board at its July 17, 2024 meeting. For the annual cycle starting with the first Board meeting immediately following the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our annual compensation program for non-management directors consisted of: Role Pay Element * Amount Board Member Annual Cash Retainer $100,000 NQSO Grant (grant date fair value) $55,000 RSU Award (grant date fair value) $125,000 Non-Executive Board Chair Annual Cash Retainer $185,000 Audit Committee Chair Annual Cash Retainer $25,000 CGNR Committee Chair Annual Cash Retainer $17,500 Human Resources Committee Chair Annual Cash Retainer $20,000 * All annual cash retainers are payable in quarterly installments. On July 17, 2024, non-management directors were granted: 734 NQSOs to purchase Class 1 Stock at an exercise price of $248.23 that are exercisable for a ten-year period. These options vested six months from the grant date, subject to earlier vesting in the event of death, disability, or a change-in-control of the Company; and 503 RSUs, which vest on the first July 10 th following the grant date, subject to earlier vesting in the event of death, disability, or a change-in-control of the Company. Mr. Baldwin also received a pro-rated grant of NQSOs and RSUs on March 1, 2024 for his Board service commencing on March 1, 2024 through July 2024. We reimburse our non-management directors for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and Board committee meetings. For the 2024 calendar year, we made an annual $10,000 cash payment to each of our non-management directors to be used towards purchases of our products. In certain limited instances, we may also provide product samples to our non-management directors to enable them to become stronger brand ambassadors. We also maintain two charitable matching programs pursuant to which we will match Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 28 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Compensation Table of Contents donations by directors up to $5,000 per calendar year to charitable organizations focused on health, education, or the arts and up to $5,000 per calendar year for contributions to the Company s political action committee. As the matching programs operate on a calendar year basis and accept documented requests for matches of donations made in prior years, the amounts reported below in any particular fiscal year may each exceed the $5,000 annual limit for each program. Director Compensation in Fiscal 2025 Director Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (2) Stock Awards (3) Option Awards (4) All Other Compensation (5) Total Christopher J. Baldwin $285,000 $176,860 $77,834 $10,000 $549,694 Christy Clark $100,000 $124,860 $54,991 $10,000 $289,851 Jennifer M. Daniels $117,500 $124,860 $54,991 $10,000 $307,351 Nicholas I. Fink $100,000 $124,860 $54,991 $15,000 $294,851 William Giles $100,000 $124,860 $54,991 $10,000 $289,851 Ernesto M. Hern ndez $120,000 $124,860 $54,991 $10,000 $309,851 Jos Manuel Madero Garza $100,000 $124,860 $54,991 $10,000 $289,851 Daniel J. McCarthy $112,019 $124,860 $54,991 $15,000 $306,870 Richard Sands $100,000 $124,860 $54,991 $20,000 $299,851 Robert Sands $100,000 $124,860 $54,991 $19,750 $299,601 Judy A. Schmeling (1) $60,000 $124,860 $54,991 $10,000 $249,851 Luca Zaramella $100,000 $124,860 $54,991 $10,000 $289,851 (1) Ms. Schmeling s service as a director ended on August 29, 2024. Upon her resignation, Ms. Schmeling forfeited her RSU and stock option awards included in this table. (2) The amounts in this column include cash retainers (i) for Board and Board committee service and (ii) for serving as Board Chair or Lead Director that were earned or paid during Fiscal 2025. (3) These amounts represent the grant date fair value of RSU awards granted in Fiscal 2025. This represents the aggregate amount that we expected to expense for such grants computed in accordance with Topic 718 over the grants respective vesting schedules. We do not include any impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting terms in these calculations. Each non-management director other than Ms. Schmeling held an aggregate of 503 unvested RSUs at the end of Fiscal 2025. (4) These amounts represent the grant date fair value of stock options granted in Fiscal 2025 computed in accordance with Topic 718. We do not include any impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting terms in these calculations. Assumptions used in calculating these values may be found in Note 18 of our financial statements in our 2025 Form 10-K. All Fiscal 2025 stock option awards to non-management directors other than Ms. Schmeling fully vested during the fiscal year, and we completely expensed these awards during Fiscal 2025. The aggregate number of shares subject to stock option awards outstanding at the end of Fiscal 2025 for each non-management director included in this table was: Mr. Baldwin - 1,035; Ms. Clark 5,613; Ms. Daniels 6,613; Mr. Fink 3,725; Mr. Giles 1,392; Mr. Hern ndez 6,823; Mr. Madero 5,613; Mr. McCarthy 6,473; Mr. Richard Sands 291,789; Mr. Robert Sands 309,731; Ms. Schmeling 9,569; and Mr. Zaramella 1,392. (5) The amounts in this column include each non-employee director s product allowance in the amount of $10,000 and the amount of any matching donation provided by the Company. In Fiscal 2025, the following non-employee directors made (i) charitable donations that were matched by the Company under our charitable matching program as follows: Mr. Fink $5,000; Mr. Richard Sands $5,000; and Mr. Robert Sands $4,750; and (ii) donations to our political action committee that were matched by the Company under our political action committee charitable matching program as follows: Mr. McCarthy $5,000; Mr. Richard Sands $5,000; and Mr. Robert Sands $5,000. In instances where family members fly on our aircraft as additional passengers on business flights with a non-employee director, the aggregate incremental cost to us is de minimis in amount, and no amount is reflected in this table for these flights. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 29 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Compensation Table of Contents Non-Management Director Stock Ownership Guidelines The Board has established guidelines for the amounts of our common stock that our non-management directors should beneficially own. Under those guidelines, directors are expected to hold stock interests valued at five times their annual cash retainer by the end of an initial five-year accumulation period and to maintain such an ownership level thereafter. The five-year period is measured from the date the individual is first elected as a member of the Board. The ownership guidelines can be satisfied by the ownership of stock or unvested RSUs. Unexercised stock options do not count towards meeting the guidelines. As of the Record Date, each of our non-management directors had met the stock ownership guideline or was within the initial five-year accumulation period for doing so, except for Mr. Madero due to mandatory share withholding in connection with the vesting of his RSUs. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 30 AUDIT MATTERS Proposal 2 - Ratification of the Selection of KPMG LLP Table of Contents AUDIT MATTERS Proposal 2 Ratification of the Selection of KPMG LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm On April 8, 2025, the Audit Committee determined to engage KPMG LLP to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending February 28, 2026. Although ratification by stockholders of this selection is not required, the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm will be presented to the stockholders for their ratification at the Meeting as a matter of good corporate governance. If the stockholders do not ratify the selection of KPMG LLP, the Audit Committee will reconsider its choice, but may nevertheless retain KPMG LLP. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if they determine that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. A representative of KPMG LLP is expected to be present at the Meeting and will be given an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and will be available to respond to any appropriate questions. Fees Paid to KPMG LLP The following table shows the amounts that were billed to us by KPMG LLP during the last two fiscal years for Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees, and All Other Fees, respectively: For the Years Ended Fee Type February 28, 2025 February 29, 2024 Audit Fees $8,161,877 $8,209,618 Audit-Related Fees 187,612 114,311 Tax Fees 250,546 5,645 All Other Fees 120,000 13,000 Total $8,720,035 $8,342,574 Audit Fees . These amounts relate to the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and annual audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, quarterly reviews of interim financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, services normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements, and information technology system assessment services performed prior to implementation when the system was implemented in the current fiscal year. Audit-Related Fees . These amounts primarily relate to information technology system assessment services performed prior to implementation when the system implementation is expected in the subsequent fiscal year. Tax Fees . These amounts relate to professional services for tax consultation and compliance. All Other Fees . This amount represents all permitted services provided by KPMG LLP to the Company other than services disclosed in the categories above and relates specifically to professional services concerning the future implementation of global regulatory climate disclosure requirements. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 31 AUDIT MATTERS Proposal 2 - Ratification of the Selection of KPMG LLP Table of Contents Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee has adopted a policy, which it reviews annually, for the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services that may be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by KPMG LLP prior to the engagement. Any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chair authority to pre-approve proposed audit and non-audit services that arise between Audit Committee meetings, provided that the decision to approve the service is presented at the next scheduled Audit Committee meeting. All audit and non-audit services performed by KPMG LLP during Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2024 were pre-approved in accordance with this policy. These services have included audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other permitted services. The Audit Committee did not pre-approve any other products or services that did not fall into these categories. Vote Required The adoption of Proposal 2 to ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Class A Stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Board recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending February 28, 2026. Constellation Brands, Inc. 2025 Proxy Statement #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 32 AUDIT MATTERS Audit Committee R