=== STZ_2026-04-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I ii Table of Contents DEFINED TERMS Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Company, CBI, we, our, or us refer to Constellation Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We use terms in this Form 10-K and in our Notes that are specific to us or are abbreviations that may not be commonly known or used. TERM MEANING $ U.S. dollars 10b5-1 Trading Plan a pre-arranged trading plan for our open market purchases of Class A Stock, intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act 2021 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in January 2021 and fully utilized during Fiscal 2025 2023 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in November 2023, replaced by the 2025 Authorization 2025 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $4.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in April 2025 2025 Credit Agreement eleventh amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of April 28, 2025, that provides for a $2.25 billion aggregate revolving credit facility 2025 Restatement Agreement restatement agreement, dated as of April 28, 2025, that amended and restated our tenth amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, which was our then-existing senior credit facility 2025 Restructuring Initiative an enterprise-wide cost savings and restructuring initiative designed to help optimize the performance of our business, including through enhanced organizational efficiency and optimized expenditures across our organization, with the majority of the work executed within Fiscal 2026 and net annualized cost savings expected to be fully realized by Fiscal 2028 2025 Term Credit Agreement term loan credit agreement, dated as of May 9, 2025, that provided for a $500.0 million unsecured delayed draw term loan facility, now terminated 2025 Wine Divestitures sale and, in certain instances, exclusive license to use the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our then-owned mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities on June 2, 2025 3-tier U.S. distribution channel where products are sold to a distributor (wholesaler) who then sells to a retailer; the retailer sells the products to a consumer; however, in control states, the state government performs the role of wholesaler and retailer 3-tier eCommerce digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase beverage alcohol from retailers 4.40% October 2018 Senior Notes $500.0 million principal amount of 4.40% senior notes issued in October 2018, now repaid in full 4.75% December 2015 Senior Notes $400.0 million principal amount of 4.75% senior notes issued in December 2015, now fully redeemed 4.80% May 2025 Senior Notes $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued in May 2025 4.95% October 2025 Senior Notes $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued in October 2025 Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I iii Table of Contents TERM MEANING 5.00% February 2023 Senior Notes $500.0 million principal amount of 5.00% senior notes issued in February 2023, now fully redeemed 5% Threshold a number of shares of Class A Stock equal to 9,239,463.1, as may be adjusted by any stock dividend, stock distribution, stock split, stock combination or similar transaction ABA alternative beverage alcohol ABV alcohol by volume Administrative Agent Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the senior credit facility and the 2025 Term Credit Agreement AI artificial intelligence Amended and Restated By-Laws our amended and restated by-laws Amended and Restated Charter our amended and restated certificate of incorporation AOCI accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Brewery Projects modular capacity addition activities at the Nava Brewery, Obreg n Brewery, and Veracruz Brewery California the state of California (U.S.) unless otherwise specified Canopy Canopy Growth Corporation, an Ontario, Canada-based public company in which we have an investment Canopy Equity Method Investment an investment in Canopy common shares, no longer applicable following conversion of Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares in April 2024 CB International CB International Finance S. r.l., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours CIO Chief Information Officer Circana TM Industry market research publication used by consumer packaged goods companies CISO Chief Information Security Officer Class 1 Stock our Class 1 Convertible Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share Class A Stock our Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share CMP crisis management plan CODM chief operating decision maker, our President and Chief Executive Officer Comparable Adjustments certain items affecting comparability that have been excluded because management uses this information in monitoring and evaluating the results and underlying business trends of the core operations of the Company and/or in internal goal setting Conversion Time such time as the domestic sale of marijuana could not reasonably be expected to violate the Controlled Substances Act, the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act (as it relates to violation of the Controlled Substances Act), and all related applicable anti-money laundering laws CPG consumer packaged goods Craft Beer Divestitures the Four Corners Divestiture and the Funky Buddha Divestiture, collectively CSR corporate social responsibility Customers wholesale distributors, retailers (generally outside of 3-tier), state alcohol beverage control agencies which sell to consumers, and DTC purchasers Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I iv Table of Contents TERM MEANING Depletions represent U.S. distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data DGCL General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DTC direct-to-consumer inclusive of (i) a digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase directly from brand websites with inventory coming straight from the supplier and (ii) consumer purchases at hospitality locations (tasting rooms and tap rooms) from the supplier EHS environmental, health, and safety Employee Stock Purchase Plan the Company s 1989 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, under which 9,000,000 shares of Class A Stock may be issued ERM enterprise risk management ESG environmental, social, and governance Exchangeable Shares class of non-voting and non-participating exchangeable shares in Canopy which are convertible into common shares of Canopy on a one-for-one basis Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Financial Statements our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein Fiscal 2024 the Company s fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 Fiscal 2025 the Company s fiscal year ended February 28, 2025 Fiscal 2026 the Company s fiscal year ended February 28, 2026 Fiscal 2027 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2027 Fiscal 2028 the Company s fiscal year ending February 29, 2028 Fiscal 2029 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2029 Fiscal 2030 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2030 Fiscal 2031 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2031 Form 10-K this Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2026 unless otherwise specified Four Corners Divestiture sale of the Four Corners craft beer business Funky Buddha Divestiture sale of the Funky Buddha craft beer business GHG greenhouse gas GILTI global intangible low-taxed income Glass Plant glass production plant in Nava operated through an equally-owned joint venture with Owens-Illinois IEEPA International Emergency Economic Powers Act Illinois the state of Illinois (U.S.) unless otherwise specified IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRP IT incident response plan IT information technology Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan a stockholder-approved omnibus incentive plan that provides the ability to grant various types of equity and cash awards to eligible plan participants Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I v Table of Contents TERM MEANING mainstream wine that sells less than $11.00 per bottle at retail and sparkling wine and all other wine that sells less than $13.00 per bottle at retail, as defined by Circana MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II Item 7. of this Form 10-K Mexicali Brewery canceled brewery construction project located in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico; sold the remaining assets classified as held for sale in July 2024 M T Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company NA not applicable Nava Nava, Coahuila, Mexico Nava Brewery our brewery located in Nava Net sales gross sales less promotions, returns and allowances, and excise taxes New York the state of New York (U.S.) unless otherwise specified NM not meaningful Non-GAAP financial measures not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for example, comparable operating income (loss) Note(s) notes to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8. of this Form 10-K NPD new product development OB3 Act One Big Beautiful Bill Act, signed into U.S. law on July 4, 2025 Obreg n Obreg n, Sonora, Mexico Obreg n Brewery our brewery located in Obreg n OCI other comprehensive income (loss) OECD Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Owens-Illinois O-I Glass, Inc., the ultimate parent of the company with which we have an equally-owned joint venture to operate the Glass Plant Pre-issuance hedge contracts treasury lock and/or swap lock contracts designated as cash flow hedges entered into to hedge treasury rate volatility on future debt issuances premium wine that sells between $11.00 to $24.99 per bottle at retail and sparkling wine that sells between $13.00 to $34.99 per bottle at retail, as defined by Circana Proxy Statement Proxy Statement for Fiscal 2026 to be filed in connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of our Company Purple-team Tests testing involving collaboration between offensive and defensive cybersecurity teams Reclassification the reclassification, exchange, and conversion of the Company s common stock to eliminate the Class B Convertible Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Reclassification Agreement Reclassification Agreement reclassification agreement in support of the Reclassification, dated June 30, 2022, among the Company and the Sands Family Stockholders retailers on- and off-premise locations that sell products to consumers Sands Family Stockholders Richard Sands, Robert Sands, other members of the Sands family, and certain of their related entities Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I vi Table of Contents TERM MEANING SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Section 232 tariffs imposed under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, notably on aluminum and aluminum derivative product imports Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended SOFR secured overnight financing rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York SVEDKA Divestiture sale of the SVEDKA brand and related assets, primarily including inventory and equipment on January 6, 2025 U.S. United States of America U.S. GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Veracruz Heroica Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico Veracruz Brewery our new brewery being constructed in Veracruz WildStar WildStar Partners LLC, an entity associated with the Sands family Wine and Spirits Divestitures the 2025 Wine Divestitures and the SVEDKA Divestiture, collectively Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I vii PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS INTRODUCTION We are an international producer and marketer of beer, wine, and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy with powerful, consumer-connected, high-quality brands like Modelo Especial, Corona Extra, Pacifico, Victoria, Kim Crawford, Ruffino, The Prisoner Wine Company, Robert Mondavi Winery, Mi CAMPO, and High West. In the U.S., we are one of the top dollar share gainers among beverage alcohol suppliers. We are also the second-largest beer company and have the #1 beer brand, Modelo Especial, in dollar sales in the U.S. We continued to strengthen our leadership position in the U.S. beer market as the #1 dollar share gainer in the overall U.S. beer market, and the #2 dollar share gainer in the high-end. Within wine and spirits, we have implemented a multi-year strategy that repositioned this business to a portfolio of exclusively higher-end brands that we believe is positioned for long-term growth, aligned to our focus on consumer-led premiumization trends, and we continue to progressively expand our supply channels through DTC and international markets. The strength of our brands makes us a supplier of choice to many of our consumers and our Customers, which include wholesale distributors and retailers. We conduct our business through entities we wholly own as well as through a variety of joint ventures and other entities. Our mission is to build brands that people love because we believe elevating human connections is Worth Reaching For. It is worth our dedication, hard work, and calculated risks to anticipate market trends and deliver more for our consumers, stockholders, employees, and industry. Headquartered in Rochester, New York, we are a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1972, as the successor to a business founded in 1945. STRATEGY Our overall strategic vision is to consistently deliver industry-leading total stockholder returns over the long-term through a focus on these key pillars: continue to build strong brands that people love with advantaged routes to market; build a culture that is consumer-obsessed and leverages robust innovation capabilities to stay on the forefront of consumer trends; deploy capital in line with disciplined and balanced priorities; empower the whole enterprise to achieve best-in-class operational efficiency; and deliver on impactful ESG initiatives that we believe are not only good business, but also good for the world. We will continue to strive for success by ensuring consumer-led decision making drives all aspects of our business; building a strong talent pipeline with best-in-class people development; investing in infrastructure that supports and enables our business, including data systems and architecture; and exemplifying intentional and proactive fiscal management. We place focus on positioning our portfolio on higher-margin, higher-growth categories of the beverage alcohol industry to align with our strategy to address consumer-led premiumization, product, and purchasing trends, which we anticipate will continue to drive stronger growth rates relative to the industry. To continue capitalizing on consumer-led premiumization trends, become more competitive, and aim to grow our business, we have employed a strategy dedicated to organic growth and supplemented by targeted investments and acquisitions. Our ongoing digital acceleration initiatives are aimed at driving results by enhancing our technology capabilities in key areas. Additionally, we believe our continued focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet provides a solid financial foundation to support our broader strategic initiatives. As a result of this strategy, we have realized impacts on each segment of our business. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 1 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents In our beer business, we focus on upholding our leadership position in the U.S. beer market, including as a leader in the high-end segment, and continuing to seek to grow our high-end imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. In Fiscal 2027, we intend to continue to increase distribution for key brands, optimize growth through differentiated brand positioning, price pack architecture, and market prioritization as well as invest in the next phase of modular capacity additions necessary to support our anticipated future growth. We remain focused on consumer-led innovation by creating new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats, as well as new to world brands, that are intended to meet emerging needs. In our wine and spirits business, we have repositioned the portfolio to exclusively higher-end brands that we believe are better positioned for long-term growth. With this portfolio and our continued focus on operational efficiencies, we remain committed to improving margins and driving growth. We intend to expand our brands across U.S. wholesale, international markets, and DTC channels (including hospitality) to maximize our total addressable market opportunity by leveraging our global, omni-channel capabilities. For further information on our strategy, including factors that could impact our future results of operations and/or financial condition, see Overview within MD A. DIVESTITURES, ACQUISITIONS, AND INVESTMENTS In connection with executing our strategy as outlined above, during Fiscal 2026 we completed the following transaction: Date Description Wine and Spirits segment 2025 Wine Divestitures June 2025 Sold and, in certain instances, exclusively licensed the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our then-owned mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices; supported our focus on consumer-led premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of consumers. For further information about our significant Fiscal 2026, Fiscal 2025, and Fiscal 2024 transactions, refer to (i) Overview within MD A and (ii) Note 2. BUSINESS SEGMENTS We report our operating results in three segments: (i) Beer, (ii) Wine and Spirits, and (iii) Corporate Operations and Other. The business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents We report net sales in two reportable segments, as follows: For the Years Ended February 28, 2026 February 28, 2025 (in millions) Beer $ 8,315.2 $ 8,539.8 Wine and Spirits: Wine 700.4 1,450.1 Spirits 123.4 218.8 Total Wine and Spirits 823.8 1,668.9 Consolidated net sales $ 9,139.0 $ 10,208.7 Beer segment We are the #1 brewer and seller of imported beer in the U.S. market. We are also a leader in the high-end segment of the U.S. beer market, which includes the imported and ABA categories. We have the exclusive right to import, market, and sell our beer brands in all 50 states of the U.S., which include the following: Modelo Brand Family Corona Brand Family Modelo Especial Modelo Noche Especial Corona Extra Corona Non-Alcoholic Modelo Chelada Modelo Oro Corona Familiar Corona Premier Modelo Negra Modelo Spiked Aguas Frescas Corona Light Corona Sunbrew Pacifico Brand Victoria Brand Family Pacifico Victoria Vicky Chamoy We also market and sell other alcoholic and non-alcoholic brands, such as Austin Cocktails and HOPWTR. Notable achievements in the U.S. include the following: (i) we had 6 of the top 15 share gaining brands across the total beer category, (ii) Modelo Especial was the best-selling beer overall, (iii) Corona Extra was the second largest imported beer and fifth best-selling beer overall, and (iv) Pacifico and Victoria were the top two fastest growing major imported beer brands. During Fiscal 2026, we spent more than $700 million on modular capacity addition activities which continue at our breweries to support expected future business needs. In Fiscal 2027, we expect to spend approximately $800 million Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 3 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents for capital expenditures almost entirely focused on these activities. We believe these investments allow us the opportunity to further expand our leadership position in the high-end segment of the U.S. beer market. For further information about our Brewery Projects, refer to (i) Production below, (ii) MD A, and (iii) Note 6. We are also building on the success of our leading import brand families through our innovation strategy. In Fiscal 2026 we continued to build on our successful innovation platform with the launch of new products and pack sizes aligned with our focus on consumer-led premiumization, betterment, and flavor trends including: (i) the national launch of Corona Sunbrew, (ii) two additional pack sizes of Corona Non-Alcoholic, (iii) the national launch of Modelo Chelada Lim n y Sal non-alcoholic, and (iv) Modelo Noche Especial, a seasonal amber lager and our first limited time offering. Following the successful launch, we are planning another limited time offering of Modelo Noche Especial during the fall season of Fiscal 2027. Additionally, in Fiscal 2027, we launched Modelo Chelada Suprema, an 8% ABV, single-serve featuring mangonada and tropical flavors. Wine and Spirits segment We are a higher-end wine and spirits company in the U.S. market, with a portfolio that we believe is positioned for long-term growth. Our wine portfolio is supported by grapes purchased from independent growers, primarily in the U.S. and New Zealand, and vineyard holdings in the U.S., New Zealand, and Italy. Our wine and spirits are primarily marketed in the U.S. and also sold in Australia, Canada, Italy, New Zealand, and other major world markets. In the U.S., we had 5 of the 100 top-selling higher-end wine brands, with Kim Crawford achieving the 8 th spot. Some of our well-known wine and spirits brands and portfolio of brands include: Wine Brands Wine Portfolio of Brands Spirits Brands Kim Crawford Ruffino My Favorite Neighbor Casa Noble Mi CAMPO Mount Veeder Sea Smoke Schrader Cellars High West Nelson s Green Brier Robert Mondavi Winery The Prisoner Wine Company In Fiscal 2026, the broader wine category continued to experience deceleration. We have been implementing actions intended to address these challenges, including portfolio repositioning, operational efficiency initiatives, and tactical measures designed to support improved business performance. While the timing and impact of these efforts remains subject to various risks and uncertainties, we believe these actions can better position our wine and spirits business for potential longer-term improvements in net sales and operational performance. Corporate Operations and Other segment The Corporate Operations and Other segment includes traditional corporate-related items including costs of corporate communications, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate strategy, executive management, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, IT, legal, and public affairs, as well as our investments such as those made through our corporate venture capital function. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 4 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents For further information regarding net sales and operating income (loss) of our business segments and geographic areas, refer to (i) MD A and (ii) Note 23. MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION To focus on their respective product categories, build brand equity, and increase sales, we employ full-time, in-house marketing, sales, and customer service functions for our (i) Beer and (ii) Wine and Spirits segments. These functions engage in a range of marketing activities and strategies, including market research, consumer and trade advertising, price promotions, point-of-sale materials, event sponsorship, on-premise activations, and public relations. When we advertise our products to consumers, we use a combination of methods to forecast the number of advertising impressions made on individuals at or above the legal drinking age. Through our media placement agencies, we leverage recognized audience measurement services such as Nielsen and ComScore to measure audience composition data on a regular and frequent basis. This data helps us to ensure that our advertising placements are purchased in media outlets and audience buying platforms (i.e., programmatic digital buys) that are primarily targeted toward legal drinking age consumers and, when appropriate, specifically targeted to audiences that are age-verified as of the legal drinking age. Our Global Code of Responsible Practices for Beverage Alcohol Advertising and Marketing provides the fundamental framework for responsible brand advertising and marketing that helps ensure our messages are directed at legal drinking age consumers. We are a corporate member of Responsibility.org, a national not-for-profit that aims to empower adults to make a lifetime of responsible alcohol choices. As part of our efforts to promote responsible beverage alcohol consumption, our brand websites redirect a visitor who self-identifies as being under the legal drinking age to Responsibility.org for information on prevention of underage drinking, ending drunk driving, and drinking responsibly. In the U.S., our products are primarily distributed by wholesale distributors, and we generally use separate distribution networks for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. In addition, in states where the government acts as the distributor, we distribute our products through state alcohol beverage control agencies, which set the retail prices of our products. As is the case with all other beverage alcohol companies, products sold through these agencies are subject to obtaining and maintaining listings to sell our products in that agency s state. State governments can also affect prices paid by consumers for our products through the imposition of taxes. TRADEMARKS AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS Trademarks are an important aspect of our business. We sell products under a number of trademarks, which we own or use under license. We also have various licenses and distribution agreements for the sale, or the production and sale, of our products and products of others. These licenses and distribution agreements have varying terms and durations. Within the Beer segment, we have an exclusive sub-license to use trademarks related to our beer brands in the U.S. This sub-license agreement is perpetual. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 5 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents COMPETITION The beverage alcohol industry is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of quality, price, brand recognition and reputation, and distribution strength. Our products compete with other alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages for consumer purchases, as well as shelf space in retail stores, restaurant presence, and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products, some of which have greater resources than we do. Our principal competitors include: Beer Anheuser-Busch InBev, The Boston Beer Company, Heineken, Mark Anthony, Molson Coors Wine Deutsch Family Wine Spirits, Duckhorn Portfolio, GALLO, Treasury Wine Estates, The Wine Group, Wagner Family of Wine Spirits Bacardi USA, Brown-Forman, Diageo, GALLO, Heaven Hill, Pernod Ricard, Proximo, Sazerac Company, Suntory Global Spirits PRODUCTION We currently operate two breweries located in Nava and Obreg n, with a third brewery under construction in Veracruz. Ongoing modular capacity additions at our breweries ensure we can meet current demand and are well-positioned to accommodate the anticipated future growth of our high-end beer brands. For further information on these modular capacity additions, refer to (i) MD A and (ii) Note 6. In the U.S., we currently operate nine wineries using many varieties of grapes grown principally in the Napa, Sonoma, and Central Coast regions of California as well as the Willamette Valley region of Oregon. We also operate two wineries in New Zealand and six wineries in Italy. Grapes are normally harvested and crushed in August through November in the U.S. and Italy, and in February through May in New Zealand and stored as wine until packaged for sale under our brand names or sold in bulk. The inventories of wine are usually at their highest levels during and after the crush of each year s grape harvest and are reduced as sold throughout the year. We currently operate three distilleries in the U.S. for the production of our spirits. Certain of our wines and spirits must be aged for multiple years. Therefore, our inventories of wines and spirits may be larger in relation to sales and total assets than in many other businesses. RESOURCES AND AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTION MATERIALS The principal components in the production of our beer brands include water; agricultural products, such as yeast and grains; and packaging materials, which include glass, aluminum, and cardboard. For our beer brands, packaging materials are the largest cost component of production, with glass bottles representing the largest cost component of our packaging materials. We aim to reduce operational waste and enhance our use of returnable, recyclable, or renewable packaging. For Fiscal 2026, the package format mix of our beer volume sold in the U.S. was as follows: As part of our long-term beer glass sourcing strategy, we are a partner in an equally-owned joint venture with Owens-Illinois, one of the leading manufacturers of glass containers in the world. The joint venture owns a state-of-the-art Glass Plant adjacent to our Nava Brewery. The Glass Plant supplies approximately 60% of the total annual glass bottle supply for our beer brands. We also have long-term glass supply agreements with other glass producers. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 6 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents The breweries each receive water originating from separate and distinct aquifers. We believe we have adequate access to water to support these breweries ongoing requirements, as well as future requirements after the completion of planned modular capacity addition activities at our breweries. These breweries employ comprehensive water management practices that focus on water efficiency and wastewater treatment operations to reuse water consumed as part of the production process. The principal components in the production of our wine and spirits products are agricultural products, such as grapes and grain, and packaging materials, primarily glass. Most of our annual grape requirements are satisfied by grower purchases from each year s harvest. During Fiscal 2026, we received grapes from approximately 120 independent growers located in the U.S. and 25 independent growers located in New Zealand and Italy. We enter into purchase agreements with a majority of these growers with pricing that generally varies year-to-year and is largely based on then-current market prices. As of February 28, 2026, we owned or leased approximately 10,000 acres of land and vineyards, either fully bearing or under development, in New Zealand, the U.S., and Italy. This acreage supplied a large portion of the grapes used for the production of our wines. All of our owned and leased vineyards in California routinely adhere to documented water management plans as required by Sustainable Grape Growing Certifications including the California Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance and Fish Friendly Farming. We use the guidance of these plans to identify the designated beneficial use of the water body based on grape growing goals set before the growing season that account for soil types, slopes, irrigation water availability and quality, and energy efficiency. We believe that we have adequate sources of grape supplies to meet our sales expectations. However, when demand for certain wine products exceeds expectations, we look to source the extra requirements from the bulk wine markets around the world. The distilled spirits manufactured and imported by us require various agricultural products, neutral grain spirits, and bulk spirits, which we fulfill through purchases from various sources by contractual arrangement and through purchases on the open market. We believe that adequate supplies of the aforementioned products are available at the present time. We utilize glass and polyethylene terephthalate bottles and other materials such as caps, corks, capsules, labels, and cardboard cartons in the bottling and packaging of our wine and spirits products. After grape purchases, glass bottles are the largest component of our cost of product sold, comprising nearly all of our package format mix of our wine and spirits portfolio volume sold for Fiscal 2026. In the U.S., the glass bottle industry is highly concentrated with only a small number of producers. We have traditionally obtained, and continue to obtain, our glass requirements from a limited number of producers under long-term supply arrangements. Currently, one producer supplies most of our glass container requirements for our U.S. operations. We have been able to satisfy our requirements with respect to the foregoing and consider our sources of supply to be adequate at this time. GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS We are subject to a range of laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. Where we produce products, we are subject to environmental laws and regulations and may be required to obtain environmental and alcohol beverage permits and licenses to operate our facilities. Where we market and sell products, we may be subject to laws and regulations on brand registration, packaging, labeling, and recycling, distribution methods and relationships, pricing and price changes, sales promotions, advertising, and public relations. The countries in which we operate impose duties, excise taxes, and other taxes on beverage alcohol products, and on certain raw materials used to produce our beverage alcohol products, in varying amounts. We are also subject to other laws and regulations relating Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 7 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents to, among other matters, changes in officers or directors, ownership, or control; safety; employment; discrimination; privacy and data protection; cybersecurity; anti-bribery and anti-corruption; and competition. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable governmental laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. We also believe that the cost of administration and compliance with, and liability under, such laws and regulations does not have, and is not expected to have, a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. SEASONALITY The beverage alcohol industry is subject to seasonality in each major category. As a result, in response to Customer demand which precedes consumer purchases, our beer sales have historically been highest during the first and second quarters of our fiscal year, which correspond to the Spring and Summer periods in the U.S. Our wine and spirits sales have generally been highest during the third quarter of our fiscal year, primarily due to seasonal holiday buying. ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY AND CSR We believe our environmental sustainability and CSR strategies and aspirations enable us to better create and protect value for our business in support of our longer-term business strategy, reflect our Company values, and help address needs that are important to our stockholders, communities, consumers, and employees. We focus on: (i) serving as good stewards of our environment, (ii) investing in our communities, and (iii) promoting responsible beverage alcohol consumption. As part of our brewery expansion efforts and commitment to making a positive impact on the communities where we operate, we plan to continue working with local authorities and community-based organizations on sustainability initiatives that benefit local residents. Critical local projects are identified through community collaboration and input and guidance from third-party water restoration organizations. This is in addition to other benefits we provide, including local job creation and fueling economic development. To enhance our use of sustainable packaging, we have activated multiple projects designed to optimize material consumption, decrease packaging weights, and enable reductions in consumer waste. HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES As of February 28, 2026, we had approximately 9,400 employees, including approximately 1,100 employees through our equally-owned joint venture with Owens-Illinois. The number of employees may change throughout the year, such as when we employ additional workers during the grape crushing seasons. Employee geographic data is as follows: Approximately 20% of the employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Collective bargaining agreements expiring within one year are minimal. We consider our employee relations generally to be good. Workforce inclusive culture To achieve our mission of building brands that people love, we believe it is essential to cultivate a workforce that reflects the consumers and communities we serve. We also believe that building an inclusive culture where all employees can come together and develop strong relationships rooted in mutual understanding, respect, and trust is Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 8 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents important to developing a high-performing team, winning with an evolving consumer base, and achieving our strategic ambitions. Compensation and benefits We strive to provide pay, benefits, and services that meet the needs of our employees. The main components of compensation are: (i) base pay, (ii) long-term incentives dependent on a number of factors such as geographic location, market prevalence, and level which can include restricted stock units, stock options, and performance share units, (iii) short-term incentives, and (iv) recognition awards. Base and incentive compensation is reviewed on an annual basis, seeking to ensure it is competitive in the market and giving employees opportunities to earn more for exceeding expectations. Our total rewards program also offers valuable benefits, tools, and resources designed to help employees stay healthy and well, while achieving security, growth, satisfaction, and success. Professional development Building strong talent pipelines, delivering best-in-class people development, and championing professional advancement are key components of our human capital strategy which is designed to position our business for long-term growth. We are committed to offering programs, resources, and experiences that empower employees to grow their careers. The University of Constellation Brands, our learning and development center, allows employees to find opportunities to grow, develop, gain new skills and insights, explore, and expand interests through regularly updated curricula. In Fiscal 2026, we spent over $15 million in development and training costs. Succession planning We have a comprehensive succession planning process, led by our human resources team and overseen by the Human Resources Committee of our Board of Directors. In addition to the Human Resources Committee s enhanced focus on executive, senior leader, and high-potential employee succession, our full Board of Directors is also involved in Chief Executive Officer succession planning as well as succession and people development for the broader employee population. As part of the succession planning process, we review and discuss potential successors to key roles and examine backgrounds, capabilities, and appropriate developmental opportunities. Employee engagement We assess employee engagement through global engagement and targeted pulse surveys, which provide feedback on a variety of topics, such as belonging, teamwork, recognition, enablement, and well-being. During Fiscal 2026, we conducted a company-wide global culture and engagement survey where we had a response rate of 87% and a favorable engagement measurement of 83% across our surveyed population. Safety We are committed to ensuring the safety of our employees. Our global EHS policy describes our dedication to providing a safe and healthy working environment and developing and maintaining a culture where all employees take responsibility for their own safety as well as the safety of others while minimizing our impact on the environment in the communities where we live and work. With a focus on continuous improvement, we are developing more robust EHS management systems, strengthening employee awareness and training, and ensuring senior leadership engagement on safety. Work-related injuries resulting from the production of our beer, wine, and spirits products are well below industry average. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 9 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Our recordable incident rate as compared to the industry average is as follows: The recordable incident rate is defined as total number of worldwide CBI work-related injuries (cases beyond first aid) per 100 full-time employees. The industry average is calculated by taking the weighted average of the most recent (2024) U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics data for wineries, breweries, and distilleries based on our portfolio mix in February 2026, February 2025, and February 2024 for the years ended February 28, 2026, February 28, 2025, and February 29, 2024, respectively. Empowering our employees to give back Giving back to our communities is a value instilled by our founder, Marvin Sands, and remains core to our Company s DNA. We empower our employees to engage in the communities where they live and work in a variety of ways, including volunteering time and through a charitable matching program available to all U.S. employees. We match donations ranging from a maximum of $5,000 to $50,000 per year, depending on employee level, to organizations recognized as, or equivalent to, Internal Revenue Service 501(c)(3) public charities. $8.4 million Fiscal 2026 corporate charitable contributions, including Company match of employee donations INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Executive officers of the Company are generally chosen or elected to their positions annually and hold office until the earlier of their removal or resignation or until their successors are chosen and qualified. Information with respect to our executive officers as of April 22, 2026, is as follows: Nicholas I. Fink Age 51 President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Fink has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2026 and as a director since January 2021. Prior to his current role he served as Chief Executive Officer of Fortune Brands from January 2020 to March 2026; as President and Chief Operating Officer of Fortune Brands from March 2019 to January 2020; as President of Fortune Brands Water Innovations group from July 2016 to March 2019; and as Senior Vice President of Global Growth and Development of Fortune Brands from June 2015 to July 2016. Prior to that, he served in a number of senior leadership roles at Beam Suntory, Inc. (now known as Suntory Global Spirits), a global spirits company, including as President, Asia Pacific and South America and Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer. James O. Bourdeau Age 61 Executive Vice President and Strategic Advisor Mr. Bourdeau is Executive Vice President and Strategic Advisor of the Company, having served in the role since March 2026. Prior to that he served as the Company s Chief Legal Officer and Secretary from December 2017 and April 2017, respectively, until February 2026, and as Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Corporate Development from September 2014 until December 2017. Before joining the Company, Mr. Bourdeau was an attorney with the law firm of Nixon Peabody LLP from July 2000 through September 2014, and a partner from February 2005 through September 2014. Mr. Bourdeau was associated with another law firm from 1995 to 2000. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 10 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Paula K. Erickson Age 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Ms. Erickson is the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company, having served in the role since April 2025. Before joining the Company, Ms. Erickson served as Senior Vice President, Chief People, Culture, and Communications Officer with Beam Suntory Inc. (now known as Suntory Global Spirits) from January 2023 until April 2024; as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer from November 2014 until December 2022; and as Vice President, Global Communications and Public Relations from 2008 until November 2014. Prior to that, she worked for Ace Hardware Corporation from 1991 to 2008 in various leadership positions across advertising, brand development, communications, and public relations. Samuel Glaetzer Age 51 Executive Vice President and President, Wine and Spirits Division Mr. Glaetzer is the Executive Vice President and President, Wine and Spirits Division of the Company, having served in the role since March 2024. Prior to that he served as the Company s Senior Vice President, Global Operations and International Sales for the Wine and Spirits Division from March 2021 until March 2024; Senior Vice President, Global Operations, Wine and Spirits from September 2018 until March 2021; Senior Vice President, Production, Wine and Spirits from May 2016 until September 2018; and President and Managing Director, New Zealand and Australia from March 2014 until May 2016. Before joining the Company, Mr. Glaetzer served in roles of increasing responsibility with Treasury Wine Estates and its predecessors from 1996 until 2014. Garth Hankinson Age 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Hankinson is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, having served in the role since January 2020. Prior to that he served as the Company s Senior Vice President, Corporate Development from February 2016 until January 2020; Vice President, Corporate Development from October 2009 until February 2016; Vice President, Business Development for Constellation s prior Canadian business from October 2007 until October 2009; and Director of Corporate Development from March 2004 until October 2007. Jeffrey H. LaBarge Age 53 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Secretary Mr. LaBarge is the Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Secretary of the Company, having served in the role since March 2026. Prior to that he served as the Company s Senior Vice President, Senior Legal Counsel from February 2025 to February 2026; Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Beer Division from January 2019 to February 2025; Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Wine Spirits Division from December 2017 to January 2019; and Vice President, Deputy General Counsel from July 2016 to December 2017. Before joining the Company, Mr. LaBarge was an attorney and partner with the law firm of Nixon Peabody LLP from 2006 to 2016. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 11 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Michael McGrew Age 52 Executive Vice President, Chief Communications, CSR, and Inclusion Officer Mr. McGrew is the Executive Vice President, Chief Communications, CSR, and Inclusion Officer of the Company. He has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since April 2020 when he was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and CSR Officer. Mr. McGrew also served as Chief Strategy Officer from December 2023 to October 2024 in addition to his other roles. He joined Constellation in September 2014 as Senior Director, Communications Beer Division and held a number of progressive leadership roles within the Company prior to becoming an Executive Vice President. Before joining the Company, he held a number of roles with increasing responsibility at Grainger, then a $9 billion global provider of industrial supplies and equipment. While at Grainger, from 2011 to 2013 Mr. McGrew served as Director, U.S. Business Communications; from January 2013 to October 2013 he served as Senior Director, U.S. Business Global Supply Chain Communications; and from October 2013 to September 2014 he served as Senior Director, Communications Americas, among other roles. Mallika Monteiro Age 47 Executive Vice President, Managing Director, Beer Brands Ms. Monteiro is the Executive Vice President, Managing Director, Beer Brands of the Company, having served in the role since October 2024. She also served as Interim Chief Growth and Strategy Officer of the Company from March 2025 until June 2025. Prior to that she served as the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Growth and Digital Officer and Managing Director, Beer Brands from December 2023 to October 2024; Executive Vice President, Chief Growth, Strategy, and Digital Officer from March 2021 to November 2023; Executive Vice President, Chief Growth and Strategy Officer from October 2019 to February 2021; and Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer from October 2018 to September 2019. She joined Constellation in October 2016 as Vice President, Beer Innovation and was given additional responsibilities as Chief of Staff to the Company s Executive Management Committee in July 2018. Before joining the Company, from July 2014 to September 2016, Ms. Monteiro was a Senior Marketing Director at Anheuser Busch InBev. Prior to joining Anheuser Busch InBev, she served in roles of increasing responsibility with Beam Suntory Inc., including as Associate Brand Manager Jim Beam from July 2007 to June 2009, Brand Manager Cognac from July 2009 to December 2011, and Senior Brand Manager Vodka from January 2012 to June 2014. James A. Sabia, Jr. Age 64 Executive Vice President and President, Beer Division Mr. Sabia is the Executive Vice President and President, Beer Division of the Company, having served in the roles since January 2022 and February 2022, respectively. Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President, Managing Director, Beer Division from March 2021 until January 2022; Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer from May 2018 until March 2021; Chief Marketing Officer of the Company s Beer Division from 2009 until May 2018; and Vice President, Marketing of the Company s spirits business from 2007 until 2009. Before joining the Company, Mr. Sabia was with Molson Coors Brewing Company for 17 years. COMPANY INFORMATION Our website is https://www.cbrands.com, and our investor relations website is https://ir.cbrands.com. Our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are accessible free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website, https://www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as ourselves, that file electronically with the SEC. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 12 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents Our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics specifically applies to our chief executive officer, our principal financial officer, and our controller, and is available on our investor relations website. This Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics meets the requirements as set forth in the Exchange Act, Item 406 of Regulation S-K. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all employees, directors, and officers, including each person who is subject to the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, together with our Global Code of Responsible Practices for Beverage Alcohol Advertising and Marketing, is available on our website under Our Policies. Copies of these materials are available in print to any stockholder who requests them. Stockholders should direct such requests in writing to Investor Relations Department, Constellation Brands, Inc., 50 East Broad Street, Rochester, New York 14614, or by telephoning our Investor Center at 1-888-922-2150. Our Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Charters of the Board s Audit Committee, Human Resources Committee (which serves as the Board s compensation committee), and Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Committee are accessible on our investor relations website. Amendments to, and waivers granted to our directors and executive officers under, our codes of ethics, if any, will be posted in this area of our investor relations website. The information regarding our websites and their content is for your convenience only. The references to and content of our websites is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K or filed with the SEC. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 13 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to information discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following factors, as well as additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, which reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations in future periods, which may negatively impact the value of our securities. These factors, some of which have occurred and/or are occurring, and any of which could occur in the future, are not the only ones we face. References to past events are provided as examples only and are not intended to be a complete listing or representation as to whether such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future. The following factors are organized under relevant headings; however, they may be relevant to other headings as well. STRATEGIC RISKS Potential declines in the consumption of products we sell; dependence on sales of our beer brands Our business depends upon consumers consumption of our products, and sales of our beer brands in the U.S. represent the vast majority of our business. Consumer preferences, behaviors, perception, and sentiment may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in taste preferences and leisure, dining, and beverage purchasing and consumption patterns, U.S. demographic trends, changing market dynamics, including consumer-led premiumization, moderation, and betterment trends, pricing, perceived value, branding, marketing, and reputational considerations, geopolitical events and tensions, trends involving environmental sustainability and CSR matters, and other negative trends impacting our products, business, and the entire beverage alcohol industry, such as elevated product supply or inventory levels. Further, a limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories has occurred before and could occur again in the future due to a variety of factors, including: reduced consumer discretionary income, subdued overall consumer spending, and value-seeking behavior among consumers as well as elevated unemployment; new or increased tariffs, import and excise duties, or other taxes on or impacting beverage alcohol products, including raw and packaging materials; uncertainty, instability, or a general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions; impacts from inflation, including reduced consumer spending and increased costs, such as for commodities; consumer spending shifts, including to other consumer discretionary sectors, such as online gambling; concern about the health consequences of consuming beverage alcohol products, including moderation and betterment trends and the impacts of alcohol-related health warning recommendations, such as cancer risk warnings, and about drinking and driving or other safety considerations; reduced consumption of beverage alcohol products, including as a result of consumers participating in fewer social occasions, stricter laws, such as those relating to consumption or driving while under the influence of alcohol, or consumer dietary preference changes, weight loss regimens and pharmaceuticals, including GLP-1 drugs, or consumers substituting legalized cannabis or hemp-derived or other similar products in lieu of beverage alcohol; activity from governmental entities, anti-alcohol groups, or other bodies, such as the World Health Organization, advocating measures or guidelines designed to reduce or eliminate the consumption of beverage alcohol products or require more stringent labeling or warning requirements; restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing; increased regulation restricting the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products; changes in immigration laws, regulations, policies, and enforcement impacting consumers, particularly Hispanic consumers; the ability of our wine and spirits business to achieve long-term growth, including through portfolio repositioning, operational efficiency initiatives, and expansion of brands by leveraging global, omni-channel capabilities as well as ongoing wine and spirits category headwinds; or wars or military conflicts, including the conflict in the Middle East, disease outbreaks or pandemics, quarantines, severe weather events, and natural or man-made disasters, including wildfires, droughts, floods, extreme heat, and/or late frosts. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 14 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents If these or any other factors cause or continue to cause a decline in the growth rate, amount, or profitability of sales of our products, particularly our beer brands in the U.S., or any material shift in consumer preferences, behaviors, perception, and sentiment in our major markets away from our products, and our beer brands in particular, or from the categories in which they compete, or if our financial or operational forecasts turn out to be inaccurate, it could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. President and Chief Executive Officer transition Nicholas Fink became our President and Chief Executive Officer on April 13, 2026. Our future performance will depend, in part, on the successful transition of Mr. Fink as our new President and Chief Executive Officer. Leadership transitions and the onboarding process can be inherently difficult to manage, will take time, and could result in changes in our business strategy, operations, processes, and workforce. If we do not successfully manage this transition, it may cause disruption to our business and be viewed negatively by various stakeholders, including our consumers, Customers, stockholders, employees, and/or suppliers. Our future performance will also continue to depend on the services and contributions of our other senior management and key employees to execute on our strategy and business plans and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of senior management or other key employees and the onboarding and transition of new senior leaders and key employees could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives. Each of these risks could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Acquisition, divestiture, investment, and NPD strategies and activities From time to time, we acquire businesses, assets, or securities of companies that we believe will provide a strategic fit with our business. We integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations; our overall internal control over financial reporting processes; and our financial, operations, and information systems. If the financial performance of our business, as supplemented by the assets and businesses acquired, does not meet our expectations, it may make it more difficult for us to service our debt obligations and our results of operations may fail to meet market expectations or otherwise be adversely affected. We may not effectively assimilate the business or product offerings of acquired companies into our business or within the anticipated costs or timeframes, retain key Customers and suppliers or key employees of acquired businesses, or successfully implement our business plan for the combined business. In addition, our final determinations and appraisals of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates and we may fail to fully realize anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities, or other potential synergies. The fair value of acquired businesses or investments may not remain constant. We also divest businesses, assets, or securities of companies from time to time, including those that we believe no longer provide a strategic fit with our business, such as the 2025 Wine Divestitures. We have provided and, in the future, may provide various indemnifications in connection with divestitures of businesses or assets. Divestitures of portions of our business have also resulted and may continue to result in costs stranded in our remaining business. Delays in developing or implementing plans to address such costs could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our financial objectives, and we may be unsuccessful in partially or fully mitigating such costs. The failure to complete any planned divestitures may also result in negative business and financial results. The amount of contingent consideration, if any, received in divestitures may also vary based on various factors, including actual future brand performance. We have acquired or retained ownership interests in companies which we do not control, such as our joint venture to operate the Glass Plant, our interest in Canopy, and investments made through our corporate venture capital function; and we have acquired control of companies which we did not wholly own. We have also acquired full ownership of companies that we partially owned, such as our acquisitions of the remaining ownership interests in Austin Cocktails, My Favorite Neighbor, and Nelson s Green Brier. These types of transactions could occur again in the future. Our joint venture partners or the other parties that hold or may hold the remaining ownership interests in companies which we do not control may at any time have economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint ventures or those companies. Our joint venture arrangements and the arrangements through which we acquired or hold our other equity or membership interests often require us to, among other matters, Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 15 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents pay certain costs, make capital investments, fulfill alone our joint venture partners obligations, or purchase other parties interests. The entities in which we have an interest have been and may continue to be subject to litigation which may have an adverse impact on their ability to do business or under which they may incur costs and expenses which could have a material adverse impact on their operations or financial condition which, in turn, could negatively impact the value of our investment. In addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and market new products. The launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal and our ability to deliver optimized marketing in an evolving and dynamic media landscape, including through existing and emerging digital technologies, such as AI and data analytics. A new product launch gives rise to a variety of costs which impact profitability. An unsuccessful launch can, among other things, affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations has resulted and may in the future result in inventory write-offs and other costs. We may not complete acquisitions, divestitures, or investments on our expected terms, conditions, and timetables, and we may not realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or NPD. We have recognized significant impairment losses and/or write-offs in connection with acquired and divested businesses and investments, such as our recent Wine and Spirits and Canopy-related impairments, and we may do so again in the future. Furthermore, our acquisitions, investments, or joint ventures may not be profitable, our forecasts regarding these activities may not be accurate, or the internal control over financial reporting of entities which we must consolidate as a result of our investment activities but do not control or wholly own may not be as robust as our internal control over financial reporting. Our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or NPD, or the failure of an entity in which we have an equity or membership interest, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Dependence upon trademarks and proprietary rights; failure to protect our intellectual property rights Our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We have been granted numerous trademark registrations and use certain trademarks under license covering our brands and products, and we have filed, and expect to continue to file or have filed on our behalf, trademark applications seeking to protect newly developed brands and products. Trademark registrations may not be issued with respect to any such trademark applications. We could also fail to timely renew or protect a trademark, and others could challenge, invalidate, or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to, or licensed by, us. We have been and may continue to be subject to litigation related to our trademarks and intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and subject to substantial uncertainties and unfavorable developments and resolutions could occur. In addition, the amount of time and cost to defend ourselves could be substantial. A substantial adverse judgment or other unfavorable resolution of these matters or our failure to otherwise protect our intellectual property rights as well as the costs associated with such activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Damage to our reputation The success of our brands depends upon consumer perception, including having a positive image of those brands, and maintaining a good reputation is critical to selling our branded products. Our reputation could also be impacted negatively by public perception, adverse publicity (whether or not valid), negative comments or campaigns in social media or other public forums, or our responses relating to, among other things: a perceived or actual failure to maintain high ethical standards and responsible operating practices to achieve our business goals; a perceived or actual failure to address concerns relating to the quality, safety, integrity, or health aspects of our products, including from accidental or deliberate contamination or tampering; actions we may take to enhance or safeguard our reputation and uphold our core values, including changes or activities related to our workforce, operations, sales, advertising, marketing, and NPD; Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 16 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents allegations that we, or persons currently or formerly employed by or associated with us, have allegedly or actually violated applicable laws or regulations, including those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistleblowing, privacy and data protection, corporate citizenship, improper business practices, or cybersecurity, or have otherwise engaged in negatively perceived activities; marketing or advertising, such as in social media, that results in our products having an unintended association with or appearance near contentious content; investors, activists, influencers, or other stakeholders seeking to influence our business, strategies, operations, and products; geopolitical events and tensions and associated negative impacts on our products and business; our environmental impact, including the use of agricultural and other raw materials, water, and energy, packaging, and waste management; perceptions and demands toward, and publicity surrounding or our performance related to, our environmental sustainability and CSR strategies, initiatives, and aspirations, including impacts of advocacy, protests, boycotts, and similar activities, and associated reporting regulations, standards, frameworks, and ratings; our investment in and association with a cannabis business; or efforts that are perceived as insufficient to promote the responsible use of alcohol or cannabis. Various stakeholders have expressed widely divergent views on environmental sustainability, social, human capital, and governance-related matters, among others, and we are faced with conflicting expectations and regulations regarding such matters which has inhibited and may continue to inhibit our ability to achieve a consistently positive perception across our entire stakeholder base. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, maintain an effective system of internal controls, provide accurate and timely financial information, or protect our information systems against service interruptions, theft, or misappropriation of data, or breaches of security, could also hurt our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation, competitive position, and brand equity and renew investor confidence. Competition We operate in a highly competitive and constantly evolving industry, and our sales and/or profitability have been and could continue to be negatively affected by numerous factors, including: our inability to maintain or increase prices or develop successful new products and the impact of price reductions on certain products; increases in our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position; our inability to adopt or effectively deploy existing, new, and/or emerging technologies, including AI; new or emerging entrants in our market or categories, including from the convergence of beverage categories or from the participation and expansion of large, non-alcoholic beverage companies, some of which have greater resources than we do, into the beverage alcohol space; the consolidation of distributors, wholesalers, retailers, suppliers, and other beverage companies; the decision of existing or potential Customers or consumers to purchase competitors products instead of ours, including due to competitive pricing pressures; pricing, purchasing, financing, operating, advertising, or promotional and shelf space decisions made by existing or potential Customers as well as in DTC channels which may affect supply of or consumer demand for our products; a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption or changes in consumer preferences away from our products, including due to consumer dietary preference changes, weight loss regimens, pharmaceuticals, or consumers substituting legalized cannabis or hemp-derived or similar products in lieu of beverage alcohol; or consumer spending shifts, including to other consumer discretionary sectors, such as online gambling. Our continued success also depends on our ability to attract and retain a high-quality workforce that reflects the consumers and communities we serve in a competitive environment for talent and to implement our human capital Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 17 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents strategy, priorities, and initiatives. We could experience higher expenses to deliver on our human capital strategy, priorities, and initiatives, such as for investment in our personnel, including due to employee turnover, wage inflation, and/or other current or emerging employment trends, particularly in the U.S., to defend ourselves in investigations or against existing or new litigation, or for other reasons. We may be unable to increase our prices to pass along any increased costs we incur to our Customers. OPERATIONAL RISKS Economic and other uncertainties associated with our international operations, including tariffs We have production facilities in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy and employees in various countries, and our products are sold in numerous countries. The countries in which we operate impose duties, excise taxes, and/or other taxes on beverage alcohol products, and/or on certain raw materials used to produce our beverage alcohol products in varying amounts. Governmental bodies may propose changes to international trade agreements, treaties, tariffs, taxes, and other government rules and regulations, including environmental treaties and regulations. Developments in international trade relations have produced heightened uncertainty with respect to trade and tariff policies and regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, which could continue to impact the global trade environment and tariff rates applicable to goods we or our suppliers import and export. These developments include: significant additional changes in U.S. trade policy and actions which include threatened, new, and increased tariffs imposed by the U.S. government on other countries, such as tariffs on aluminum and aluminum derivative product imports and other product imports from certain countries, including Mexico, Italy and the rest of the European Union, and New Zealand, and the ongoing review of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement; retaliatory or other tariffs and actions imposed on certain U.S. goods, including restrictions on beverage alcohol sales from U.S. producers imposed by some Canadian provinces; and subsequent modifications and delays to or invalidation of various tariffs and associated refund procedures, litigation, and developments, including impacts from the U.S. Supreme Court decision invalidating the use of IEEPA to authorize certain tariffs. Significant new or increased tariffs, import and excise duties, or other taxes on or impacting beverage alcohol products, including raw and packaging materials, particularly on imports from Mexico, Italy, and New Zealand, and any additional retaliatory tariffs and actions imposed by those governments on product imports from the U.S., could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Meanwhile, escalating geopolitical events, tensions, and trade disputes, have resulted and may continue to result in additional sanctions, tariffs, import-export restrictions, boycotts, or trade wars. These activities, when combined with any retaliatory actions that have or may be taken by other countries, have impacted and could continue to pose risk to our business as well as the global economy, such as by shifting consumer behaviors, inhibiting sales, increasing costs, causing further economic and supply chain disruptions (including impacts on prices and supply of certain commodities, such as aluminum and aluminum derivatives, corn, crude oil, natural gas, and steel) and inflationary pressures, and reducing economic activity. The extent and duration of tariffs and the resulting impacts, including on general economic conditions and the aforementioned risks, stock, credit, and capital market volatility, and our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, many of which are out of our control. In addition, governmental agencies extensively regulate the beverage alcohol products industry concerning such matters as licensing, warehousing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required labeling, advertising, and relations with wholesalers and retailers. Certain regulations also require warning labels and signage. We may be subject to new or revised regulations, increased licensing fees, requirements, or taxes, regulatory enforcement actions, or longer review periods for applicable regulatory approvals. Additionally, various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements, limitations, or guidelines on the marketing or sale of our products because of what our products contain or allegations that our products cause adverse health effects. If these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products or increase our costs. These uncertainties and Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 18 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents changes, as well as the decisions, policies, and economic strength of our suppliers and distributors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Supply of quality water, agricultural, and other raw materials, certain raw and packaging materials purchased under supply contracts; supply chain disruptions and other factors; limited group of certain suppliers The quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of our agricultural raw materials and our ability to operate our business. Water is a limited resource in many parts of the world. If climate patterns change and droughts continue or become more severe or other restrictions on currently available water resources are imposed, there may be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our and our suppliers operations, increase production costs, or impose capacity constraints. We are dependent on sufficient amounts of quality water for operation of our breweries, wineries, and distilleries, as well as to irrigate our vineyards and conduct our other operations. The suppliers of the agricultural raw materials we purchase are also dependent upon sufficient supplies of quality water for their vineyards and fields. In addition, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain operations at our production facilities and vineyards. A substantial reduction in water supplies could result in material losses of crops, such as corn, barley, hops, or grapes as well as grape vines which could lead to a shortage of our product supply. We have brewery operations in Mexico, wine operations in the U.S. (primarily in California), New Zealand, and Italy, and distillery operations in the U.S. California has endured and may continue to experience prolonged drought conditions which have resulted in the imposition of certain restrictions on water usage that could recur. Certain areas of California have also experienced wildfires and flooding in recent years. If these conditions or restrictions persist and/or increase in severity, it could have an adverse effect upon those operations. The water supplies for our breweries, which originate from separate and distinct aquifers, are subject to disruption which could impact our ability to produce our products. Mexico recently reformed certain laws related to water rights, which altered the country s regulatory framework governing water resources. Among the changes were a prohibition on the transfer of water concessions between private parties, elimination of the private secondary market for concessions, and new sanctions for water-related violations. The sources of water, methods of water delivery, water quality, or water needs to support our ongoing requirements may change materially in the future. We may incur additional expenses for improving water delivery, quality, and efficiency; securing sufficient water sources and supplies; and compliance with legal requirements. Our breweries, the Glass Plant, our wineries, and our distilleries use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce our products. These include corn starch and sugars, malt, hops, fruits, yeast, and water for our breweries; soda ash and silica sand for the Glass Plant; grapes and water for our wineries; and grain and water for our distilleries. Our breweries, wineries, and distilleries all use large amounts of various packaging materials, including glass, aluminum, cardboard, and other paper products. Our production facilities also use electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel in addition to renewable energy sources in their operations. Certain raw materials and packaging materials are purchased under contracts of varying maturities. The supply, on-time availability, and cost of raw, packaging, and other materials, energy, and other commodities have been and may continue to be affected by many factors beyond our control, including economic factors, legal and regulatory requirements, including tariffs and extended producer responsibility and post-consumer recycled content obligations, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, market demand, geopolitical events and tensions, wars, military conflicts, including the conflict in the Middle East, weather events or natural or man-made disasters, including droughts, storms, and wildfires, plant diseases, and theft. Our breweries, wineries, and distilleries are also dependent upon an adequate supply of glass bottles. Glass bottle costs are one of our largest components of cost of product sold. The Glass Plant produces a majority of the total annual glass bottle supply for our beer brands, and we have a small number of other suppliers of glass bottles for our beer brands. At times, we have experienced glass bottle purchasing shortages, which could occur again in the future. Meanwhile, we have two aluminum can suppliers that provide all of our total annual requirements for our beer brands, with one of those suppliers providing a majority of our aluminum can requirements. In the U.S., glass bottles have only a small number of producers, and one producer supplies a majority of our glass container requirements for our U.S. wine and spirits operations. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 19 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents To the extent any of the foregoing factors impact our business or operations, including by increasing the costs of our products and we are unable or choose not to pass along such rising costs to consumers through increased selling prices; leading to a shortage of our product supply or inventory levels; or requiring unplanned diversions of funds, resources, and talent to address such factors, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Reliance upon complex information systems and third-party global networks; cybersecurity; AI We depend on IT to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with Customers, suppliers, and consumers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and effect accurate and timely governmental reporting, among other activities. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources to build and sustain appropriate technology infrastructure, including our global enterprise resource planning system and our unified finance platform, we could be subject to transaction or data integrity errors, processing inefficiencies, increased costs, loss of Customers, business disruptions, loss of or damage to intellectual property or proprietary information, including through a security breach, penalties associated with the failure to timely file governmental reports, and/or other difficulties. Many groups on a worldwide basis have experienced increases in electronic security breaches, cyberattacks, and other hacking activities such as phishing attacks, denial of service, malware, ransomware, and cyber extortion, and there is the possibility of retaliatory cyberattacks, including by state-sponsored organizations. As with all large IT systems, we have been a target of cyberattackers and other hacking activities and our systems could be penetrated by increasingly sophisticated external or internal threat actors (including through the use of existing and emerging technologies, such as AI) intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information, corrupting our information, disrupting our business processes, engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic information about us or our employees, Customers, or consumers, or demanding monetary payment. Such unauthorized access could disrupt our operations and result in various costs and adverse consequences, including the loss of assets, decreased sales, litigation, regulatory actions, remediation costs, increased cybersecurity protection costs, damage to our reputation, harm to our employees, or the failure by us to retain or attract Customers or consumers following such an event. We have outsourced various functions to third-party service providers, including cloud-based technology providers, and may outsource other functions in the future. We rely on such third-parties to provide services on a timely and effective basis, but we do not ultimately control their performance. In addition, our Customers, suppliers, joint venture partners, and other external business partners utilize their own IT systems that are subject to similar risks to us as described above. Their failure to perform as expected or as required by contract, or additional cyberattacks on them that disrupts their systems, could result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations or, in the case of third-party service providers, a penetration of our systems. The swift pace of technological change has led to a nonuniform and complex set of cybersecurity and data privacy laws, regulations, and standards. Meanwhile, the recent proliferation and rapid evolution of AI technologies, including generative AI, machine learning, and agentic AI, has resulted in new challenges, including business, legal and regulatory, and ethical considerations and uncertainty. For example, the use of AI technologies without adequate safeguards could produce flawed or inaccurate recommendations, suggestions, or outcomes or other unintended results or potential vulnerabilities or expose us to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences. AI technologies may also intensify the risk of threat actors using such technologies to enhance their capabilities. Our employees and third-party service providers may not follow the governance framework addressing the use of AI technologies we implemented, including if such providers incorporate AI technologies into their products or systems without disclosing this use to us. We expect that our continued success will depend, in part, on our and our third-party service providers ability to continue to effectively leverage existing and emerging technologies, such as AI and data analytics, to gain relevant insights and enhance our business. These circumstances may create risks in our ability to address existing or rapidly developing regulatory or industry standards related to AI technologies and data privacy and to successfully and responsibly utilize AI technologies. To the extent any of the foregoing factors result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations, fail to produce the anticipated benefits, compromise confidential or sensitive information, imperil our intellectual property, result in harm to our reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our IT systems and cybersecurity measures, Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 20 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents result in litigation or regulatory actions, and/or reduce the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Dependence on limited facilities for production of our beer brands; impacts from Brewery Projects We are dependent on our breweries to fulfill our beer brands production requirements. Modular capacity addition activities continue at our breweries, with initial production at the Veracruz Brewery expected to commence around the middle of Fiscal 2027. These activities are subject to risks of completion delays, cost overruns, and asset impairments, such as the prior asset impairments at the canceled Mexicali Brewery and, more recently, at the Obreg n Brewery. We may not achieve the intended financial and operational benefits of these investments, including if we develop excess capacity that outpaces demand for our beer brands. The Brewery Projects and similar wine and spirits projects are subject to various regulatory and developmental risks, including our ability to obtain timely certificate authorizations, necessary approvals and permits from regulatory agencies on terms that are acceptable to us or at all; potential changes in federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; our inability to acquire rights-of-way or land or water rights on a timely basis on terms that are acceptable to us; or our inability to acquire the necessary energy supplies, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel. Any of these or other unanticipated events could halt or delay the Brewery Projects. We may not be able to satisfy our product supply requirements for our beer brands in the event of a significant disruption at or the partial or total destruction of our breweries or the Glass Plant; difficulty shipping and/or warehousing raw materials and product into, within, and/or out of the U.S. or Mexico, including in the event of rail or other freight shipping disruptions with our major providers in each country; or a temporary inability to produce our product due to closure or lower production levels of one or more of our breweries. A prolonged closure or restriction of the border between the U.S. and Mexico, particularly at key product and supply crossing points, could result in temporary or longer-term disruptions of sales, consumption, and trade patterns, supply chains, production processes, and/or operations. Also, if the contemplated modular capacity additions at our breweries are abandoned or not otherwise completed by their targeted completion dates, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of our beer to satisfy our needs in the future. Under such circumstances, we may be unable to obtain our beer at a reasonable price from another source, if at all. A significant disruption at our breweries, or the Glass Plant, even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to produce and ship products to market on a timely basis. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not readily be available, may cost substantially more, or may take a significant time to start production, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our product supply, business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Operational disruptions or catastrophic loss to breweries, wineries, other facilities, or distribution systems All of our beer products are produced at our breweries. Many of the workers at these breweries are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Glass Plant produces a majority of the total annual glass bottle supply for our beer brands. Several of our vineyards and production and distribution facilities, including certain California and Oregon wineries, are in areas prone to seismic activity. Additionally, we have various vineyards and wineries in California and Oregon which have experienced wildfires, landslides, and/or severe winter storms. If any of these or other of our properties and production facilities, including third-party production facilities, were to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments, and sales, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties or find suitable alternative providers. Also, our production facilities are asset intensive. As our operations are concentrated in a limited number of production and distribution facilities, we are more likely to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss in any one location from acts of war or terrorism, natural or man-made disasters, public health crises, labor strikes or other labor activities, cyberattacks and other attempts to penetrate our or our third-party service providers IT systems or the IT used by our non-production employees who work remotely, or unavailability of raw or packaging materials. We may be impacted by increases in global energy prices or reduced supply, particularly for crude oil and natural gas, including as a result of geopolitical events and tensions, wars, and military conflicts, Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 21 PART I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents including the conflict in the Middle East. If a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss were to occur, we could