=== STZ_2026-04-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I ii Table of Contents DEFINED TERMS Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Company, CBI, we, our, or us refer to Constellation Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We use terms in this Form 10-K and in our Notes that are specific to us or are abbreviations that may not be commonly known or used. TERM MEANING $ U.S. dollars 10b5-1 Trading Plan a pre-arranged trading plan for our open market purchases of Class A Stock, intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act 2021 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in January 2021 and fully utilized during Fiscal 2025 2023 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in November 2023, replaced by the 2025 Authorization 2025 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to $4.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in April 2025 2025 Credit Agreement eleventh amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of April 28, 2025, that provides for a $2.25 billion aggregate revolving credit facility 2025 Restatement Agreement restatement agreement, dated as of April 28, 2025, that amended and restated our tenth amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, which was our then-existing senior credit facility 2025 Restructuring Initiative an enterprise-wide cost savings and restructuring initiative designed to help optimize the performance of our business, including through enhanced organizational efficiency and optimized expenditures across our organization, with the majority of the work executed within Fiscal 2026 and net annualized cost savings expected to be fully realized by Fiscal 2028 2025 Term Credit Agreement term loan credit agreement, dated as of May 9, 2025, that provided for a $500.0 million unsecured delayed draw term loan facility, now terminated 2025 Wine Divestitures sale and, in certain instances, exclusive license to use the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our then-owned mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities on June 2, 2025 3-tier U.S. distribution channel where products are sold to a distributor (wholesaler) who then sells to a retailer; the retailer sells the products to a consumer; however, in control states, the state government performs the role of wholesaler and retailer 3-tier eCommerce digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase beverage alcohol from retailers 4.40% October 2018 Senior Notes $500.0 million principal amount of 4.40% senior notes issued in October 2018, now repaid in full 4.75% December 2015 Senior Notes $400.0 million principal amount of 4.75% senior notes issued in December 2015, now fully redeemed 4.80% May 2025 Senior Notes $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued in May 2025 4.95% October 2025 Senior Notes $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued in October 2025 Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I iii Table of Contents TERM MEANING 5.00% February 2023 Senior Notes $500.0 million principal amount of 5.00% senior notes issued in February 2023, now fully redeemed 5% Threshold a number of shares of Class A Stock equal to 9,239,463.1, as may be adjusted by any stock dividend, stock distribution, stock split, stock combination or similar transaction ABA alternative beverage alcohol ABV alcohol by volume Administrative Agent Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the senior credit facility and the 2025 Term Credit Agreement AI artificial intelligence Amended and Restated By-Laws our amended and restated by-laws Amended and Restated Charter our amended and restated certificate of incorporation AOCI accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Brewery Projects modular capacity addition activities at the Nava Brewery, Obreg n Brewery, and Veracruz Brewery California the state of California (U.S.) unless otherwise specified Canopy Canopy Growth Corporation, an Ontario, Canada-based public company in which we have an investment Canopy Equity Method Investment an investment in Canopy common shares, no longer applicable following conversion of Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares in April 2024 CB International CB International Finance S. r.l., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours CIO Chief Information Officer Circana TM Industry market research publication used by consumer packaged goods companies CISO Chief Information Security Officer Class 1 Stock our Class 1 Convertible Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share Class A Stock our Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share CMP crisis management plan CODM chief operating decision maker, our President and Chief Executive Officer Comparable Adjustments certain items affecting comparability that have been excluded because management uses this information in monitoring and evaluating the results and underlying business trends of the core operations of the Company and/or in internal goal setting Conversion Time such time as the domestic sale of marijuana could not reasonably be expected to violate the Controlled Substances Act, the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act (as it relates to violation of the Controlled Substances Act), and all related applicable anti-money laundering laws CPG consumer packaged goods Craft Beer Divestitures the Four Corners Divestiture and the Funky Buddha Divestiture, collectively CSR corporate social responsibility Customers wholesale distributors, retailers (generally outside of 3-tier), state alcohol beverage control agencies which sell to consumers, and DTC purchasers Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I iv Table of Contents TERM MEANING Depletions represent U.S. distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data DGCL General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DTC direct-to-consumer inclusive of (i) a digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase directly from brand websites with inventory coming straight from the supplier and (ii) consumer purchases at hospitality locations (tasting rooms and tap rooms) from the supplier EHS environmental, health, and safety Employee Stock Purchase Plan the Company s 1989 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, under which 9,000,000 shares of Class A Stock may be issued ERM enterprise risk management ESG environmental, social, and governance Exchangeable Shares class of non-voting and non-participating exchangeable shares in Canopy which are convertible into common shares of Canopy on a one-for-one basis Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Financial Statements our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein Fiscal 2024 the Company s fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 Fiscal 2025 the Company s fiscal year ended February 28, 2025 Fiscal 2026 the Company s fiscal year ended February 28, 2026 Fiscal 2027 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2027 Fiscal 2028 the Company s fiscal year ending February 29, 2028 Fiscal 2029 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2029 Fiscal 2030 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2030 Fiscal 2031 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2031 Form 10-K this Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2026 unless otherwise specified Four Corners Divestiture sale of the Four Corners craft beer business Funky Buddha Divestiture sale of the Funky Buddha craft beer business GHG greenhouse gas GILTI global intangible low-taxed income Glass Plant glass production plant in Nava operated through an equally-owned joint venture with Owens-Illinois IEEPA International Emergency Economic Powers Act Illinois the state of Illinois (U.S.) unless otherwise specified IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRP IT incident response plan IT information technology Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan a stockholder-approved omnibus incentive plan that provides the ability to grant various types of equity and cash awards to eligible plan participants Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I v Table of Contents TERM MEANING mainstream wine that sells less than $11.00 per bottle at retail and sparkling wine and all other wine that sells less than $13.00 per bottle at retail, as defined by Circana MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II Item 7. of this Form 10-K Mexicali Brewery canceled brewery construction project located in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico; sold the remaining assets classified as held for sale in July 2024 M T Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company NA not applicable Nava Nava, Coahuila, Mexico Nava Brewery our brewery located in Nava Net sales gross sales less promotions, returns and allowances, and excise taxes New York the state of New York (U.S.) unless otherwise specified NM not meaningful Non-GAAP financial measures not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for example, comparable operating income (loss) Note(s) notes to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8. of this Form 10-K NPD new product development OB3 Act One Big Beautiful Bill Act, signed into U.S. law on July 4, 2025 Obreg n Obreg n, Sonora, Mexico Obreg n Brewery our brewery located in Obreg n OCI other comprehensive income (loss) OECD Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Owens-Illinois O-I Glass, Inc., the ultimate parent of the company with which we have an equally-owned joint venture to operate the Glass Plant Pre-issuance hedge contracts treasury lock and/or swap lock contracts designated as cash flow hedges entered into to hedge treasury rate volatility on future debt issuances premium wine that sells between $11.00 to $24.99 per bottle at retail and sparkling wine that sells between $13.00 to $34.99 per bottle at retail, as defined by Circana Proxy Statement Proxy Statement for Fiscal 2026 to be filed in connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of our Company Purple-team Tests testing involving collaboration between offensive and defensive cybersecurity teams Reclassification the reclassification, exchange, and conversion of the Company s common stock to eliminate the Class B Convertible Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Reclassification Agreement Reclassification Agreement reclassification agreement in support of the Reclassification, dated June 30, 2022, among the Company and the Sands Family Stockholders retailers on- and off-premise locations that sell products to consumers Sands Family Stockholders Richard Sands, Robert Sands, other members of the Sands family, and certain of their related entities Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I vi Table of Contents TERM MEANING SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Section 232 tariffs imposed under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, notably on aluminum and aluminum derivative product imports Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended SOFR secured overnight financing rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York SVEDKA Divestiture sale of the SVEDKA brand and related assets, primarily including inventory and equipment on January 6, 2025 U.S. United States of America U.S. GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Veracruz Heroica Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico Veracruz Brewery our new brewery being constructed in Veracruz WildStar WildStar Partners LLC, an entity associated with the Sands family Wine and Spirits Divestitures the 2025 Wine Divestitures and the SVEDKA Divestiture, collectively Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I vii PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS INTRODUCTION We are an international producer and marketer of beer, wine, and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy with powerful, consumer-connected, high-quality brands like Modelo Especial, Corona Extra, Pacifico, Victoria, Kim Crawford, Ruffino, The Prisoner Wine Company, Robert Mondavi Winery, Mi CAMPO, and High West. In the U.S., we are one of the top dollar share gainers among beverage alcohol suppliers. We are also the second-largest beer company and have the #1 beer brand, Modelo Especial, in dollar sales in the U.S. We continued to strengthen our leadership position in the U.S. beer market as the #1 dollar share gainer in the overall U.S. beer market, and the #2 dollar share gainer in the high-end. Within wine and spirits, we have implemented a multi-year strategy that repositioned this business to a portfolio of exclusively higher-end brands that we believe is positioned for long-term growth, aligned to our focus on consumer-led premiumization trends, and we continue to progressively expand our supply channels through DTC and international markets. The strength of our brands makes us a supplier of choice to many of our consumers and our Customers, which include wholesale distributors and retailers. We conduct our business through entities we wholly own as well as through a variety of joint ventures and other entities. Our mission is to build brands that people love because we believe elevating human connections is Worth Reaching For. It is worth our dedication, hard work, and calculated risks to anticipate market trends and deliver more for our consumers, stockholders, employees, and industry. Headquartered in Rochester, New York, we are a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1972, as the successor to a business founded in 1945. STRATEGY Our overall strategic vision is to consistently deliver industry-leading total stockholder returns over the long-term through a focus on these key pillars: continue to build strong brands that people love with advantaged routes to market; build a culture that is consumer-obsessed and leverages robust innovation capabilities to stay on the forefront of consumer trends; deploy capital in line with disciplined and balanced priorities; empower the whole enterprise to achieve best-in-class operational efficiency; and deliver on impactful ESG initiatives that we believe are not only good business, but also good for the world. We will continue to strive for success by ensuring consumer-led decision making drives all aspects of our business; building a strong talent pipeline with best-in-class people development; investing in infrastructure that supports and enables our business, including data systems and architecture; and exemplifying intentional and proactive fiscal management. We place focus on positioning our portfolio on higher-margin, higher-growth categories of the beverage alcohol industry to align with our strategy to address consumer-led premiumization, product, and purchasing trends, which we anticipate will continue to drive stronger growth rates relative to the industry. To continue capitalizing on consumer-led premiumization trends, become more competitive, and aim to grow our business, we have employed a strategy dedicated to organic growth and supplemented by targeted investments and acquisitions. Our ongoing digital acceleration initiatives are aimed at driving results by enhancing our technology capabilities in key areas. Additionally, we believe our continued focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet provides a solid financial foundation to support our broader strategic initiatives. As a result of this strategy, we have realized impacts on each segment of our business. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 1 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents In our beer business, we focus on upholding our leadership position in the U.S. beer market, including as a leader in the high-end segment, and continuing to seek to grow our high-end imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. In Fiscal 2027, we intend to continue to increase distribution for key brands, optimize growth through differentiated brand positioning, price pack architecture, and market prioritization as well as invest in the next phase of modular capacity additions necessary to support our anticipated future growth. We remain focused on consumer-led innovation by creating new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats, as well as new to world brands, that are intended to meet emerging needs. In our wine and spirits business, we have repositioned the portfolio to exclusively higher-end brands that we believe are better positioned for long-term growth. With this portfolio and our continued focus on operational efficiencies, we remain committed to improving margins and driving growth. We intend to expand our brands across U.S. wholesale, international markets, and DTC channels (including hospitality) to maximize our total addressable market opportunity by leveraging our global, omni-channel capabilities. For further information on our strategy, including factors that could impact our future results of operations and/or financial condition, see Overview within MD A. DIVESTITURES, ACQUISITIONS, AND INVESTMENTS In connection with executing our strategy as outlined above, during Fiscal 2026 we completed the following transaction: Date Description Wine and Spirits segment 2025 Wine Divestitures June 2025 Sold and, in certain instances, exclusively licensed the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our then-owned mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices; supported our focus on consumer-led premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of consumers. For further information about our significant Fiscal 2026, Fiscal 2025, and Fiscal 2024 transactions, refer to (i) Overview within MD A and (ii) Note 2. BUSINESS SEGMENTS We report our operating results in three segments: (i) Beer, (ii) Wine and Spirits, and (iii) Corporate Operations and Other. The business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents We report net sales in two reportable segments, as follows: For the Years Ended February 28, 2026 February 28, 2025 (in millions) Beer $ 8,315.2 $ 8,539.8 Wine and Spirits: Wine 700.4 1,450.1 Spirits 123.4 218.8 Total Wine and Spirits 823.8 1,668.9 Consolidated net sales $ 9,139.0 $ 10,208.7 Beer segment We are the #1 brewer and seller of imported beer in the U.S. market. We are also a leader in the high-end segment of the U.S. beer market, which includes the imported and ABA categories. We have the exclusive right to import, market, and sell our beer brands in all 50 states of the U.S., which include the following: Modelo Brand Family Corona Brand Family Modelo Especial Modelo Noche Especial Corona Extra Corona Non-Alcoholic Modelo Chelada Modelo Oro Corona Familiar Corona Premier Modelo Negra Modelo Spiked Aguas Frescas Corona Light Corona Sunbrew Pacifico Brand Victoria Brand Family Pacifico Victoria Vicky Chamoy We also market and sell other alcoholic and non-alcoholic brands, such as Austin Cocktails and HOPWTR. Notable achievements in the U.S. include the following: (i) we had 6 of the top 15 share gaining brands across the total beer category, (ii) Modelo Especial was the best-selling beer overall, (iii) Corona Extra was the second largest imported beer and fifth best-selling beer overall, and (iv) Pacifico and Victoria were the top two fastest growing major imported beer brands. During Fiscal 2026, we spent more than $700 million on modular capacity addition activities which continue at our breweries to support expected future business needs. In Fiscal 2027, we expect to spend approximately $800 million Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 3 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents for capital expenditures almost entirely focused on these activities. We believe these investments allow us the opportunity to further expand our leadership position in the high-end segment of the U.S. beer market. For further information about our Brewery Projects, refer to (i) Production below, (ii) MD A, and (iii) Note 6. We are also building on the success of our leading import brand families through our innovation strategy. In Fiscal 2026 we continued to build on our successful innovation platform with the launch of new products and pack sizes aligned with our focus on consumer-led premiumization, betterment, and flavor trends including: (i) the national launch of Corona Sunbrew, (ii) two additional pack sizes of Corona Non-Alcoholic, (iii) the national launch of Modelo Chelada Lim n y Sal non-alcoholic, and (iv) Modelo Noche Especial, a seasonal amber lager and our first limited time offering. Following the successful launch, we are planning another limited time offering of Modelo Noche Especial during the fall season of Fiscal 2027. Additionally, in Fiscal 2027, we launched Modelo Chelada Suprema, an 8% ABV, single-serve featuring mangonada and tropical flavors. Wine and Spirits segment We are a higher-end wine and spirits company in the U.S. market, with a portfolio that we believe is positioned for long-term growth. Our wine portfolio is supported by grapes purchased from independent growers, primarily in the U.S. and New Zealand, and vineyard holdings in the U.S., New Zealand, and Italy. Our wine and spirits are primarily marketed in the U.S. and also sold in Australia, Canada, Italy, New Zealand, and other major world markets. In the U.S., we had 5 of the 100 top-selling higher-end wine brands, with Kim Crawford achieving the 8 th spot. Some of our well-known wine and spirits brands and portfolio of brands include: Wine Brands Wine Portfolio of Brands Spirits Brands Kim Crawford Ruffino My Favorite Neighbor Casa Noble Mi CAMPO Mount Veeder Sea Smoke Schrader Cellars High West Nelson s Green Brier Robert Mondavi Winery The Prisoner Wine Company In Fiscal 2026, the broader wine category continued to experience deceleration. We have been implementing actions intended to address these challenges, including portfolio repositioning, operational efficiency initiatives, and tactical measures designed to support improved business performance. While the timing and impact of these efforts remains subject to various risks and uncertainties, we believe these actions can better position our wine and spirits business for potential longer-term improvements in net sales and operational performance. Corporate Operations and Other segment The Corporate Operations and Other segment includes traditional corporate-related items including costs of corporate communications, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate strategy, executive management, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, IT, legal, and public affairs, as well as our investments such as those made through our corporate venture capital function. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 4 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents For further information regarding net sales and operating income (loss) of our business segments and geographic areas, refer to (i) MD A and (ii) Note 23. MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION To focus on their respective product categories, build brand equity, and increase sales, we employ full-time, in-house marketing, sales, and customer service functions for our (i) Beer and (ii) Wine and Spirits segments. These functions engage in a range of marketing activities and strategies, including market research, consumer and trade advertising, price promotions, point-of-sale materials, event sponsorship, on-premise activations, and public relations. When we advertise our products to consumers, we use a combination of methods to forecast the number of advertising impressions made on individuals at or above the legal drinking age. Through our media placement agencies, we leverage recognized audience measurement services such as Nielsen and ComScore to measure audience composition data on a regular and frequent basis. This data helps us to ensure that our advertising placements are purchased in media outlets and audience buying platforms (i.e., programmatic digital buys) that are primarily targeted toward legal drinking age consumers and, when appropriate, specifically targeted to audiences that are age-verified as of the legal drinking age. Our Global Code of Responsible Practices for Beverage Alcohol Advertising and Marketing provides the fundamental framework for responsible brand advertising and marketing that helps ensure our messages are directed at legal drinking age consumers. We are a corporate member of Responsibility.org, a national not-for-profit that aims to empower adults to make a lifetime of responsible alcohol choices. As part of our efforts to promote responsible beverage alcohol consumption, our brand websites redirect a visitor who self-identifies as being under the legal drinking age to Responsibility.org for information on prevention of underage drinking, ending drunk driving, and drinking responsibly. In the U.S., our products are primarily distributed by wholesale distributors, and we generally use separate distribution networks for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. In addition, in states where the government acts as the distributor, we distribute our products through state alcohol beverage control agencies, which set the retail prices of our products. As is the case with all other beverage alcohol companies, products sold through these agencies are subject to obtaining and maintaining listings to sell our products in that agency s state. State governments can also affect prices paid by consumers for our products through the imposition of taxes. TRADEMARKS AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS Trademarks are an important aspect of our business. We sell products under a number of trademarks, which we own or use under license. We also have various licenses and distribution agreements for the sale, or the production and sale, of our products and products of others. These licenses and distribution agreements have varying terms and durations. Within the Beer segment, we have an exclusive sub-license to use trademarks related to our beer brands in the U.S. This sub-license agreement is perpetual. Constellation Brands, Inc. FY 2026 Form 10-K #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 5 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Table of Contents COMPETITION The beverage alcohol industry is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of quality, price, brand recognition and reputation, and distribution strength. Our products compete with other alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages for consumer purchases, as well as shelf space in retail stores, restaurant presence, and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products, some of which have greater resources than we do. Our principal competitors include: Beer Anheuser-Busch InBev, The Boston Beer Company, Heineken, Mark Anthony, Molson Coors Wine Deutsch Family Wine Spirits, Duckhorn Portfolio, GALLO, Treasury Wine Estates, The Wine Group, Wagner Family of Wine Spirits Bacardi USA, Brown-Forman, Diageo, GALLO, Heaven Hill, Pernod Ricard, Proximo, Sazerac Company, Suntory Global Spirits PRODUCTION We currently operate two breweries located in Nava and Obreg n, with a third brewery under construction in Veracruz. Ongoing modular capacity additions at our breweries ensure we can meet current demand and are well-positioned to accommodate the anticipated future growth of our high-end beer brands. For further information on these modular capacity additions, refer to (i) MD A and (ii) Note 6. In the U.S., we currently operate nine wineries using many varieties of grapes grown principally in the Napa, Sonoma, and Central Coast regions of California as well as the Willamette Valley region of Oregon. We also operate two wineries in New Zealand and six wineries in Italy. Grapes are normally harvested and crushed in August through November in the U.S. and Italy, and in February through May in New Zealand and stored as wine until packaged for sale under our brand names or sold in bulk. The inventories of wine are usually at their highest levels during and after the crush of each year s grape harvest and are reduced as sold throughout the year. We currently operate three distilleries in the U.S. for the production of our spirits. Certain of our wines and spirits must be aged for multiple years. Therefore, our inventories of wines and spirits may be larger in relation to sales and total assets than in many other businesses. RESOURCES AND AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTION MATERIALS The principal components in the production of our beer brands include water; agricultural products, such as yeast and grains; and packaging materials, which include glass, aluminum, and cardboard. For our beer brands, packaging materials are the largest cost component of production, with glass bottles representing the largest cost component of our packaging materials. We aim to reduce operational waste and enhance our use of returnable, recyclable, or renewable packaging. For Fiscal 2026, the package format mix of our beer volume sold in the U.S. was as follows: As part of our long-term beer glass sourcing strategy, we are a partner in an equally-owned j