=== AEP_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS GENERAL RISKS OF REGULATED OPERATIONS AEP may not be able to recover the costs of substantial planned investment in capital improvements and additions. (Applies to all Registrants) AEP’s business and capital investment plans call for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the construction or acquisition of additional transmission and generation facilities, installation and interconnection with data centers, modernizing existing infrastructure, installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits as well as other initiatives. AEP’s public utility subsidiaries currently provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions. If these regulatory commissions do not approve adjustments to the rates charged, affected AEP subsidiaries would not be able to recover the costs associated with their investments. This would cause financial results to be diminished. The business and capital investment plans of AEP depend, in part, on the continued growth and viability of data centers and large load customers interconnecting with the AEP System. (Applies to all Registrants) AEP is experiencing current and projected load demands that exceed historical experience, creating a business need for new power generating resources and transmission facilities. Much of this demand is driven by interconnecting with and providing power to data centers and other large load customers to serve an increasingly digital economy and to support AI. The business and capital investment plans of AEP are focused on meeting these current and projected needs. If these increased demands for electricity do not occur as projected or are not sustained as projected, for any reason, it could affect AEP’s financial condition. The business and capital investment plans of AEP are subject to execution risks. (Applies to all Registrants) AEP’s business and capital investment plans for the construction of new projects, including providing service to new data centers and other large load customers, involve execution risks that could adversely affect AEP’s financial performance and/or impair AEP’s ability to execute on these plans. These risks include delays, supply chain disruption and the unavailability of materials, cost overruns, inflation, the cost and availability of capital, labor disputes or shortages and other factors that could cause the total cost and timing of any project to exceed estimates. While AEP utilizes measures to limit the impact of these events, if any of these projects are canceled for any reason, including shifts in large customer needs, preferences or financial stability, shifts in demand for large customer products or services, changes in technology, failure to receive necessary regulatory approvals, cost recovery and/or siting or environmental permits, mitigation efforts might not be sufficient and it could result in significant unrecoverable costs and the execution of AEP’s business and capital investment plans would be negatively impacted. In addition, if any construction work or investments have been recorded as an asset, an impairment may need to be recorded in the event a project is canceled. This would cause financial results to be diminished. Meeting the significant increase in electricity demand from new data centers and other large‑load customers will require substantial investment in new generation and transmission facilities. These projects may require levels of capital that exceed historical utility financing needs, and the ability of the capital markets to supply sufficient funding for large‑scale infrastructure expansion is uncertain. AEP’s ability to undertake these capital‑intensive projects depends in part on continued access to debt and equity markets. If capital markets experience reduced liquidity, constrained capacity for utility issuances, or diminished investor appetite for long‑duration infrastructure investments, AEP may be unable to obtain the financing required to support these projects. Even if capital is available, it may only be obtainable at significantly higher cost due to market conditions or competition for capital among utilities and other sectors. Any inability to secure adequate financing could delay or prevent the construction of required facilities, impair AEP’s ability to serve its customers, and adversely affect future net income, cash flows and financial condition. Regulated electric revenues and earnings are dependent on federal and state regulations that may limit AEP’s ability to recover costs and other amounts. (Applies to all Registrants) The rates customers pay to AEP regulated utility businesses are subject to approval by the FERC and the respective state utility commissions of Arkansas, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. AEP cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any actions by the FERC or the respective state commissions in establishing rates. The occurrence of any of the following could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition: • If regulated utility earnings exceed the return established by a relevant commission, that commission could reduce future rates; • The overturning or reversal on appeal of previously authorized recovery; and 19 • Any legislation, regulatory action or litigation outcome that triggers a reversal of a regulatory asset or deferred cost or establishment of a regulatory liability. The regulated utility businesses, and the energy industry as a whole have experienced a period of rising costs and investments and an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments, which are likely to continue in the foreseeable future. The increase in spending could trigger increased regulatory scrutiny to authorizing cost recovery, especially in a rising cost environment, whether due to inflation, tariffs, high fuel prices or otherwise, and/or in periods of economic decline or hardship. The inability to obtain cost recovery would adversely affect AEP’s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. See Note 4 - Rate Matters for additional information. Regulated electric revenues and earnings are subject to prudency review. (Applies to all Registrants) Regulators have initiated and may initiate additional proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the AEP regulated utility businesses. In these proceedings and in base rate proceedings regulators examine the reasonableness or prudence of operation and maintenance practices, the level of expenditures (including storm costs and costs associated with capital projects), the allowed rates of return and rate base, the proposed resource acquisitions and the previously incurred capital expenditures that the regulated utility businesses seek to keep or place in rates. Regulators may disallow costs found not to have been prudently incurred or found not to have been incurred in compliance with applicable tariffs, creating risk in the ultimate recovery of those costs. Disallowance of these costs would adversely affect AEP’s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Regulatory bodies may not allow recovery of costs incurred on a timely basis. (Applies to all Registrants) Regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. Traditional base rate proceedings generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs and may or may not be limited in scope or duration by statute. The length of these base rate proceedings can cause the regulated utility businesses to experience regulatory lag in recovering costs and result in earning less than the allowed returns. Decisions are typically subject to appeal, further exacerbating the regulatory lag and leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings. AEP is subject to negative publicity. (Applies to all Registrants) The AEP regulated utility businesses have large customer and stakeholder bases and, as a result, could be subject to public criticism or adverse publicity focused on issues including the operation and maintenance of their assets and infrastructure, their preparedness for major storms or other extreme weather events and/or the time it takes to restore service after such events, or the quality of their service or the reasonableness of the cost of their service. In addition, the public holds diverse and often conflicting views on the use of fossil fuels which can subject AEP to adverse publicity in connection with its use of fossil fuels. Criticism or adverse publicity of any nature could render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view AEP or the applicable regulated utility in a favorable light and could potentially negatively affect legislative or regulatory processes or outcomes, as well as lead to increased regulatory oversight, more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements, or other legislation or regulatory actions that adversely affect the regulated utility businesses. AEP’s transmission investment strategy and execution are dependent on federal and state regulatory policy and implementation by RTOs. (Applies to all Registrants) A significant portion of AEP’s earnings is derived from transmission investments and activities. FERC policy currently supports the expansion and updating of the transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction. If the FERC were to adopt a different policy, if states were to limit or restrict such policies, or if transmission needs do not continue or develop as projected, AEP’s strategy of investing in transmission could be impacted. Further, AEP’s transmission strategy seeks to obtain authorization or to win bids to install, construct and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that PJM, SPP, ERCOT or other RTOs will authorize new transmission projects or will award such projects to AEP. Certain elements of AEP’s transmission formula rates have been challenged, which could result in lowered rates and/or refunds of amounts previously collected. (Applies to all Registrants other than AEP Texas) AEP provides transmission service under rates regulated by the FERC. The FERC approved the cost-based formula rate templates used by AEP to calculate its respective annual revenue requirements, but it has not expressly approved the amount of actual capital and operating expenditures to be used in the formula rates. All aspects of AEP’s rates accepted or approved by the FERC, including the formula rate templates, the rates of return on the actual equity portion of its respective capital structures and the approved targeted capital structures, are subject to challenge by interested parties at the FERC, or by the 20 FERC on its own initiative. In addition, interested parties may challenge the annual implementation and calculation by AEP of its projected rates and formula rate true-up pursuant to its approved formula rate templates under AEP’s formula rate implementation protocols. If a challenger can establish that any of these aspects are unjust, unreasonable, unduly discriminatory or preferential, then the FERC can make appropriate prospective adjustments to them and/or disallow any of AEP’s inclusion of those aspects in the rate setting formula. Inquiries related to rates of return, as well as challenges to the formula rates of other utilities, are ongoing in other proceedings at the FERC. The results of these proceedings could potentially negatively impact AEP in any future challenges to AEP’s formula rates. If the FERC orders revenue reductions, including refunds, in any future cases related to its formula rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. End-use consumers and entities supplying electricity to end-use consumers may also attempt to influence government and/or regulators to change the rate setting methodologies that apply to AEP, particularly if rates for delivered electricity increase substantially. AEP faces risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. (Applies to all Registrants) AEP owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities. A key component of AEP's growth is its ability to construct and operate these facilities. As part of these operations AEP must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, federal and other regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. Should AEP be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms or resolving third-party challenges to such licenses or permits, should there be a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits or should regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Any failure to timely construct contracted generation, transmission and distribution facilities or to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third-parties, including new data centers and large load customers, could impact future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Any failure to timely construct contracted generation, transmission and distribution facilities or to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third-parties, including new data centers and other large load customers, could impact future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Changes in technology and regulatory policies may lower the value of electric utility facilities and franchises. (Applies to all Registrants) AEP primarily generates electricity at large central facilities and delivers that electricity over its transmission and distribution facilities to customers usually situated within an exclusive franchise. This method results in economies of scale and generally lower costs than newer technologies, such as fuel cells and microturbines, and distributed generation using either new or existing technology. Other technologies, such as light emitting diodes (LEDs), increase the efficiency of electricity and, as a result, lower the demand for it. Changes in regulatory policies and advances in batteries or energy storage, wind turbines and photovoltaic solar cells are reducing costs of new technology to levels that are making them competitive with some central station electricity production and delivery. These developments can challenge AEP’s competitive ability to maintain relatively low cost, efficient and reliable operations, to establish fair regulatory mechanisms and to provide cost-effective programs and services to customers. In the event that lower cost alternatives for generation, as a result of changing regulatory policies, subsidies or advances in technology, are added to the available generation supply, they could displace current resources or reduce the price at which market participants sell their electricity. AEP is exposed to nuclear generation risk. (Applies to AEP and I&M) I&M owns the Cook Plant, which consists of two nuclear generating units for a rated capacity of 2,296 MWs, or about a tenth of the regulated generating capacity in the AEP System as of December 31, 2025. AEP and I&M are, therefore, subject to the risks of nuclear generation, which include the following: • The potential harmful effects on the environment and human health due to an adverse incident/event resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials such as SNF. • Limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations. • Uncertainties with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts triggered by a loss event (federal law requires owners of nuclear units to purchase the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance unless the NRC specifies a lesser amount and potentially contribute to the coverage for losses of others). 21 • Uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives. There can be no assurance that I&M’s preparations or risk mitigation measures will be adequate if these risks are triggered. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear plants. In addition, if an incident did occur, it could harm results of operations or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit. Moreover, a major incident at any nuclear facility in the U.S. could require AEP or I&M to make material contributory payments. Costs associated with the operation (including fuel), maintenance and retirement of nuclear plants continue to be more significant and less predictable than costs associated with other sources of generation, in large part due to changing regulatory requirements and safety standards, availability of nuclear waste disposal facilities and experience gained in the operation of nuclear facilities. Costs also may include replacement power, any unamortized investment at the end of the useful life of the Cook Plant (whether scheduled or premature), the carrying costs of that investment and retirement costs. The ability to obtain adequate and timely recovery of costs associated with the Cook Plant is not assured. AEP subsidiaries are exposed to risks through participation in the market and transmission structures in various regional power markets that are beyond their control. (Applies to all Registrants) Differences in the market and transmission structures in various regional power markets are likely to affect results. The rules governing the various RTOs, including SPP and PJM, may also change from time to time which could affect costs or revenues. Existing, new or changed rules of these RTOs could result in significant additional fees and increased costs to participate in those structures, including the cost of transmission and generation facilities built by others due to changes in rules and allocations, including transmission rate design. In addition, these RTOs may assess costs resulting from improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights. As members of these RTOs, AEP’s subsidiaries are subject to certain additional risks, including the allocation among existing members, of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in these markets and resolution of complaint cases that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by members of these markets. AEP could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. (Applies to all Registrants) Owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the NERC and enforced by the FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject AEP to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. If AEP were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, AEP could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be recoverable from customers through regulated rates. A substantial portion of the receivables of AEP Texas is concentrated in a small number of REPs, and any delay or default in payment could adversely affect its cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. (Applies to AEP and AEP Texas) AEP Texas collects receivables from the distribution of electricity from REPs that supply the electricity it distributes to its customers. As of December 31, 2025, AEP Texas did business with approximately 146 REPs. Adverse economic conditions, structural problems in the market served by ERCOT or financial difficulties of one or more REPs could impair the ability of these REPs to pay for these services or could cause them to delay such payments. AEP Texas depends on these REPs to remit payments on a timely basis. In 2025, AEP Texas’ two largest REPs accounted for 38% of its operating revenue. Any delay or default in payment by REPs could adversely affect cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. If a REP were unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options, restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event such REP might seek to avoid honoring its obligations, and claims might be made by creditors involving payments AEP Texas had received from such REP. 22 RISKS RELATED TO MARKET, ECONOMIC OR FINANCIAL VOLATILITY AND OTHER RISKS AEP’s financial performance may be adversely affected if AEP is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions. (Applies to all Registrants) Performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission and/or distribution facilities. Operating these facilities involves many risks, including: • Operator error and breakdown or failure of equipment or processes. • Operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements. • Labor disputes. • Compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cybersecurity standards. • Information technology failure, including failure of AI technology, that impairs AEP’s information technology infrastructure or disrupts normal business operations. • Information technology failure that affects AEP’s ability to access customer information or causes loss of confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects AEP’s reputation or exposes AEP to legal claims. • Supply chain disruptions and inflation. • Fuel or water supply interruptions caused by transportation constraints, adverse weather such as drought, non-performance by suppliers and other factors. • Catastrophic events such as extreme weather, fires, earthquakes, explosions, hurricanes, tornadoes, winter storms, terrorism (including cyber-terrorism), floods or other similar occurrences. • Fuel costs and related requirements triggered by financial stress in the coal industry. Physical attacks or hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information and damage AEP’s reputation. (Applies to all Registrants) Risks from cybersecurity and physical threats to energy infrastructure are increasing. Threat actors, including sophisticated nation-state actors and criminal groups, exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric utility industry, grid infrastructure and other energy infrastructures. Attacks and disruptions, which could involve physical, cyber and hybrid targeting of physical and cyber assets, are increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. The increased implementation of, and reliance on, information technologies and networks to manage business operations, including the operation of technical systems, as well as AEP’s use of numerous vendors and suppliers, create additional points of vulnerability that could be, and in certain instances have been, exploited by malicious threat actors. Several U.S. government agencies have warned that the energy sector and its supply chains are subject to increasing risks of physical attacks, ransomware attacks and cybersecurity threats, and that the risks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of AI technologies may intensify AEP’s cybersecurity risks. A security breach of AEP’s physical assets or information systems, or those of AEP’s competitors, vendors, business partners and interconnected entities (including RTOs) could materially impact AEP by, among other things, impairing the availability of electricity transmitted and distributed by AEP and/or the reliability of generation, transmission and distribution systems, damaging grid infrastructure, interrupting critical business functions, impairing the availability of vendor services and materials that AEP relies on to maintain its operations, or by leading to the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, system data and architecture, sensitive customer, vendor, or employee data, or other confidential data. AEP has not identified any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect its business strategy, results of operation or financial condition. If a material physical or cybersecurity breach or disruption were to occur, AEP’s reputation could be negatively affected, customer confidence in AEP could be diminished and AEP could be subject to legal claims, regulatory exposure, loss of revenues, and increased costs, including infrastructure repairs or operations shutdown, all of which could materially affect AEP’s financial condition and materially damage its business reputation. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such security breaches or disruptions may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any resulting business disruptions. The continued increase in federal and state regulatory requirements related to cybersecurity and evolving threat actor-capabilities could require changes to measures currently undertaken by AEP or to its business operations and could adversely affect its financial condition. 23 The failure of AEP or third-party vendor information technology systems, or the failure to enhance existing information technology systems and implement new technology, could adversely affect AEP. (Applies to all Registrants) AEP’s operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support underlying business processes. Any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of operations. AEP’s information technology systems are dependent upon global communications and cloud service providers, as well as their respective vendors, many of whom have at some point experienced significant system failures and outages in the past and may experience such failures and outages in the future. These providers’ systems are susceptible to cybersecurity and data breaches, outages from fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events. Failure to prevent or mitigate data loss from system failures or outages could materially affect AEP’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The amount of taxes imposed on AEP could change. (Applies to all Registrants) AEP is subject to income taxation at the federal level and by certain states and municipalities. In determining AEP’s income tax liability for these jurisdictions, management monitors changes to the applicable tax laws and related regulations, administrative interpretations and judicial determinations, including tax incentives and credits designed to support the sale of energy from utility scale renewable energy facilities. While management believes AEP complies with current prevailing laws, one or more taxing jurisdictions could seek to impose incremental or new taxes on the company. At the federal level, management is monitoring the potential for changes in current tax policy, including tax rates, tax credits and incentives. Any adverse developments in tax laws, incentives, credits or regulations, including legislative changes, judicial holdings or administrative interpretations, could have a material and adverse effect on financial condition and results of operations. Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and other protectionist trade measures, and other factors beyond AEP’s control may adversely impact future net income and cash flows and financial condition. Executive actions have been taken and additional measures proposed that are intended to alter the U.S. approach to international trade policy, the terms of certain existing bilateral or multi‐lateral trade agreements and trading arrangements with foreign countries. Such changes to U.S. international trade policy, and any retaliatory trade measures that foreign governments may take in response, including the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, export or import controls, or other measures that restrict international trade, or the threat of such actions, could result in additional increases in the cost of certain goods, services and cost of capital and exacerbate supply chain issues. In addition, related geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as existing and potential trade wars, uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy, and other events beyond AEP’s control, have increased and may continue to increase leve

=== AEP_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes a detailed discussion of risk factors. As of March 31, 2026, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in AEP’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) adopted , terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933). On April 30, 2026, AEP amended and restated two existing credit agreements: (a) a three-year $1,000,000,000 facility due in March 2027 was amended and restated to become a three-year $1,500,000,000 facility due in April 2029, and (b) a five-year $5,000,000,000 facility due in March 2029 was amended and restated to become a five-year $6,500,000,000 facility due in April 2031 (each a “Credit Agreement” and, collectively, the “Credit Agreements”). Each Credit Agreement is among AEP, the certain respective Lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. Borrowings and letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreements are subject to a variable interest rate and are available upon customary terms and conditions for facilities of this type. The Credit Agreements contain certain covenants and require AEP to maintain its percentage of debt to total capitalization at a level that does not exceed 67.5%. The method for calculating outstanding debt and other capital is contractually defined in the Credit Agreements. Nonperformance by AEP of any covenant could result in an event of default under either Credit Agreement. The acceleration of AEP’s payment obligations, or the obligations of certain of its respective subsidiaries, prior to maturity under any other agreement or instrument relating to debt outstanding in excess of $100 million would cause an event of default under each Credit Agreement and permit the lenders to declare AEP’s outstanding amounts payable. The Credit Agreements do not permit the lenders to refuse a draw on either facility if a material adverse change occurs. 169 Item 6. Exhibits The documents designated with an (*) below have previously been filed on behalf of the Registrants shown and are incorporated herein by reference to the documents indicated and made a part hereof: Exhibit Description Previously Filed as Exhibit to: AEP‡ File No. 1-3525 *3(b)(2) Amended By-Laws of AEP, as amended April 28, 2026 and effective May 1, 2026. Form 8-K dated April 2 8 , 2026, Exhibit 3 .2 AEP Texas‡ File No. 3-221643 *4(a) Company Order and Officers’ Certificate between AEP Texas and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, dated March 12, 2026, establishing terms of the 5.20% Senior Notes, Series Q, due 2036. Form 8-K dated March 10, 2026, Exhibit 4(a) I&M‡ File No. 1-3570 *4(a) Company Order and Officers’ Certificate between I&M and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, dated February 20, 2026, establishing terms of the 5.60% Senior Notes, Series Q, due 2056. Form 8-K dated February 18, 2026, Exhibit 4(a) SWEPCo‡ File No. 1-3146 *4(a)(1) Amended and Restated Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2026, between SWEPCo and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, dated March 1, 2026, establishing terms of the 5.30% Senior Notes, Series P, due 2033. Form 8-K dated March 5, 2026, Exhibit 4(a)(1) *4(a)(2) Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2026, between SWEPCo and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, dated March 1, 2026, establishing terms of the 5.20% Senior Notes, Series Q, due 2036. Form 8-K dated March 5, 2026, Exhibit 4(a)(2) *4(a)(3) Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2026, between SWEPCo and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, dated March 1, 2026, establishing terms of the 5.90% Senior Notes, Series R, due 2056. Form 8-K dated March 5, 2026, Exhibit 4(a)(3) The exhibits designated with an (X) in the table below are being filed on behalf of the Registrants. Exhibit Description AEP AEP Texas AEPTCo APCo I&M OPCo PSO SWEPCo 4(a) $6,500,000,000 Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 30, 2026, among AEP, Initial Lenders and Wells Fargo Bank National Association as Administrative Agent. X 4(b) $1,500,000,000 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 30, 2026, among AEP, Initial Lenders and Wells Fargo Bank National Association as Administrative Agent. X 31(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X X X X X X X X 31(b) Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X X X X X X X X 32(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code X X X X X X X X 170 Exhibit Description AEP AEP Texas AEPTCo APCo I&M OPCo PSO SWEPCo 32(b) Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code X X X X X X X X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X X X X X X X X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X X X X X X X X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase X X X X X X X X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase X X X X X X X X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase X X X X X X X X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 171 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof. AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. By: /s/ Kate Dixon Kate Dixon Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Signatory) AEP TEXAS INC. AEP TRANSMISSION COMPANY, LLC APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY OHIO POWER COMPANY PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY By: /s/ Kate Dixon Kate Dixon Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Signatory) Date: May 5, 2026 172 