=== AON_2025-04-28.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0000315293 0000315293 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000315293 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000315293 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0000315293 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000315293 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 aon:ExclusionOfStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 aon:ExclusionOfStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 1 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 2 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000315293 3 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (AMENDMENT NO. ) Filed by the registrant Filed by a Party other than the registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary proxy statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive proxy statement Definitive additional materials Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 Aon plc (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of filing fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Proxy Summary 1 Proposal 1 Resolutions Regarding the Election of Directors 9 Director Nominee Bios 10 Corporate Governance 16 Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 28 Principal Holders of Voting Securities 29 Proposal 2 Advisory Resolution on Executive Compensation 30 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Compensation Committee Report 48 Executive Compensation 49 Report of the Audit Committee 74 Proposal 3 Resolution to Ratify the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 76 Proposal 4 Resolution to Re-appoint Ernst Young Chartered Accountants Ireland the Company s Statutory Auditor Under Irish Law 77 Proposal 5 Resolution to Authorize the Board or the Audit Committee of the Board to Determine the Remuneration of the Company s Statutory Auditor Under Irish Law 77 Proposal 6 Resolution to Renew the Board s Authority to Issue Class A Ordinary Shares Under Irish Law 78 Proposal 7 Resolution to Authorize the Board to Opt-Out of Statutory Pre-emption Rights Under Irish Law 79 Proposal 8 Resolution to Approve the Aon plc 2011 Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 81 Other Information 89 Questions and Answers About the 2025 Annual General Meeting and Voting 95 Appendix A A-1 Appendix B B-1 Table of Contents Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Friday, June 27, 2025 8:30 a.m. Irish Standard Time 70 Sir John Rogerson s Quay Dublin 2, Ireland We are pleased to invite you to join the board of directors (the Board or the Board of Directors ) and senior leadership at the Aon plc ( Aon or the Company ) annual general meeting of shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) scheduled for Friday, June 27, 2025, at 8:30 a.m. Irish Standard Time. Items of Business: 1. By separate resolutions, to elect the 12 director nominees described in the proxy statement. 2. To approve by an advisory resolution the compensation of the Company s named executive officers. 3. To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm ( Ernst Young US ) for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. 4. To re-appoint Ernst Young Chartered Accountants as the Company s statutory auditor under Irish law ( Ernst Young Ireland ), to hold office until the conclusion of the Company s next annual general meeting. 5. To authorize the Board or the Audit Committee of the Board to determine the remuneration of Ernst Young Ireland, in its capacity as the Company s statutory auditor under Irish Law. 6. To authorize the Board to issue Class A Ordinary Shares under Irish Law. 7. To authorize the Board to opt-out of statutory pre-emption rights under Irish Law. 8. To approve the amendment and restatement of the Aon plc 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the Shareholder-Approved Plan ) to increase the number of shares available for issuance thereunder. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to vote their shares by proxy in advance of the Annual Meeting by one of the methods described on pages 95-96 of the proxy statement. Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual Meeting virtually may do so via webcast at meetnow.global/MDCGLRH, as further described on page 97 of the proxy statement. Note that attending the Annual Meeting virtually will not allow you to vote at the Annual Meeting. During the Annual Meeting, the Board will present, for consideration by the shareholders, the Company s statutory financial statements under Irish law for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (including the reports of the directors and the Irish statutory auditor thereon), and a review of the Company s affairs. We urge you to read the attached proxy statement for additional information concerning the matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting. The proxy statement shall be deemed incorporated into this notice. Holders of Class A Ordinary Shares at the close of business on April 11, 2025, can vote at the Annual Meeting. A shareholder of record entitled to attend and vote at the Annual Meeting may appoint one or more proxies to attend, speak, and vote on his or her behalf by any of the procedures set out below and on pages 95-96 of the proxy statement. A proxy holder need not be a shareholder of record. To be valid, a proxy must be received by the Company using one of such procedures no later than 5:00 pm (Irish Standard Time) on June 26, 2025 (or in the case of an adjournment or postponement thereof, such later time as may be announced by the Company not being greater than 48 hours before the adjourned or postponed meeting), the proxy deadline. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 27, 2025. The proxy statement, our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and our Irish financial statements are available at www.envisionreports.com/AON. This notice and proxy statement are first being mailed or made available to shareholders on or about April 28, 2025. By Order of the Board of Directors, Darren Zeidel Company Secretary April 28, 2025 Table of Contents Your vote is important Only holders of Class A Ordinary Shares as of the record date April 11, 2025, can vote at the Annual Meeting. Please cast your vote as soon as possible in one of the following ways: Internet Online at www.envisionreports.com/AON and follow the instructions on your proxy card or notice of internet availability Telephone Call 1-800-652-VOTE (8683) Mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card or voting instruction form and return it in the postage-paid envelope If you are a beneficial owner, you should follow the directions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. You may submit instructions by telephone or through the Internet to your broker, bank, or other nominee, or request and return a paper proxy card to your broker, bank, or other nominee. Table of Contents Proxy Summary Voting Matters Shareholders are being asked to vote on the following matters at the Annual Meeting: Proposal Our Board s Recommendation 1. Resolutions Regarding the Election of Directors (page 9) The 12 nominees possess the necessary qualifications and diversity of perspectives to provide effective oversight of the Company. FOR each nominee 2. Advisory Resolution on Executive Compensation (page 30) The Company seeks a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of its named executive officers. The Board values shareholders opinions, and the Organization and Compensation Committee will take into account the outcome of the advisory vote when making future executive compensation decisions. FOR 3. Resolution to Ratify the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (page 76) The Board believes that the continued retention of Ernst Young US to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. FOR 4. Resolution to Re-Appoint Ernst Young Ireland as the Company s Statutory Auditor Under Irish law (page 77) The Board believes that the continued retention of Ernst Young Ireland to serve as our statutory auditor under Irish law from the conclusion of the Annual Meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. FOR 5. Resolution to Authorize the Board or the Audit Committee of the Board to Determine the Remuneration of the Company s Statutory Auditor Under Irish Law (page 77) We are asking our shareholders to authorize the Board or the Audit Committee to determine Ernst Young Ireland s remuneration as our statutory auditor under Irish law. FOR 6. Resolution to Authorize the Board to Issue Shares Under Irish Law (page 78) We are asking our shareholders to authorize the renewal of the Board s authority to issue authorized but unissued shares and to grant rights to acquire such shares with the terms set forth in the proposal. FOR 7. Resolution to Authorize the Board to Opt-Out of Statutory Pre-Emption Rights Under Irish Law (page 79) We are asking our shareholders to authorize the renewal of the Board s current authority and power to opt-out of statutory pre-emption rights which are currently included in the Company s Articles of Association. FOR 8. Resolution to Approve the Shareholder-Approved Plan (page 81) The Company seeks approval to amend and restate its Shareholder-Approved Plan in order to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the Shareholder-Approved Plan by 3,800,000 shares, extend the term of the plan and make certain other changes described in this proxy statement. The proposed Shareholder-Approved Plan, is set forth in Appendix B to this proxy statement. FOR We are providing the enclosed proxy materials to you in connection with the solicitation by the board of directors (the Board ) of Aon plc ( Aon or the Company ) of proxies to be voted at the annual general meeting of shareholders to be held on June 27, 2025 (the Annual Meeting ), or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Annual Meeting will be held at 70 Sir John Rogerson s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. This proxy statement is first being mailed or made available to shareholders on or about April 28, 2025. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Who We Are Aon is in the Business of Better Decisions Aon exists to shape decisions for the better to protect and enrich the lives of people around the world. Through actionable analytic insight, globally integrated Risk Capital and Human Capital expertise, and locally relevant solutions, our colleagues provide clients in over 120 countries with the clarity and confidence to make better risk and people decisions that protect and grow their businesses. Our 3x3 Plan with a focus on three commitments over three years (2024-2026) is enabling Aon to go further, faster to address client need: 1. Help clients make better decisions on interconnected issues through integrated analytics and collaboration across our Risk Capital and Human Capital capabilities. 2. Deliver to all client segments through our Aon Client Leadership model that starts with client need and brings the best of Aon to serve our clients as one global firm. 3. Deploy artificial intelligence ( AI ) and advanced analytics to transform data into real-time, actionable insights and provide clients with digitally-enabled, consistently-excellent service through our global Aon Business Services platform. Through our 3x3 Plan we will accelerate our Aon United strategy to deliver critical outcomes for clients, colleagues and shareholders. What We Do Our Solutions We are a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of Risk Capital and Human Capital solutions. Through our experience, global reach and comprehensive analytics, we help clients meet rapidly changing, increasingly complex and interconnected risk and people challenges. Risk Capital Human Capital Commercial Risk Shifts in technology, economics and geopolitics are creating unprecedented volatility. We help clients identify, measure and manage their risk exposure. Reinsurance Businesses, governments and communities need to become more resilient. Our expertise and insight help (re)insurers navigate uncharted territories and create more relevant solutions. Health Health is declining, costs are rising and workers have vastly different needs. We help companies improve employee health and wellbeing. Wealth Global business is becoming increasingly difficult to navigate. We help employers, fiduciaries and investment officers optimize results and provide a more secure future for their stakeholders. Corporate Sustainability and Risk Management of corporate sustainability risks including those related to environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) matters is an increasingly important priority for our clients. At Aon, helping clients manage risk including those relating to corporate sustainability and ESG is at the core of what we do. We offer a wide range of risk assessment, consulting, and advisory solutions, many of which are significant parts of our core business offerings, designed to address and manage corporate sustainability and ESG issues for clients, and to enable our clients to create more sustainable value. 2 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents As a professional services firm, Aon s approach to risk management, including oversight of corporate sustainability and ESG risks, is a priority. The Board, as a whole and through its committees, oversees the Company s ESG risks and opportunities, as well as related strategies, goals and objectives, and performance. The Board regularly reviews and discusses our ESG risks and opportunities, including Aon s decarbonization and sustainability efforts and people-related risks, such as colleague satisfaction and engagement survey results, workforce engagement, pay equity, colleague well-being, talent retention and succession planning. We are committed to improving inclusion and wellbeing at Aon at all levels of our organization and have published certain of our workforce demographic data in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Our EEO-1 Employer Information Summary Reports are available on our website at www.aon.com. Our Board is committed to continued adherence to effective corporate governance best practices, including oversight of enterprise risk management. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents 2024 Highlights In 2024, we delivered strong performance across each of our key financial metrics, in line with our objectives and guidance. Additionally, we completed the acquisition of NFP, meaningfully expanding our presence in the fast-growing middle market segment. We also returned $1.6 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, highlighting our strong free cash flow generation and disciplined capital allocation model. In assessing our performance, we focus on our performance against four non-GAAP metrics that we communicate to shareholders: organic revenue growth, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow. Management believes that these measures are important to make meaningful period-to-period comparisons and that this supplemental information is helpful to investors. Management also uses these measures to assess operating performance and performance for compensation. These non-GAAP metrics should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP metrics to the most directly comparable GAAP metrics is set forth in Appendix A to this proxy statement. Our strong performance in 2024 reflects outstanding execution across all aspects of our strategy. With year one of our 3x3 Plan complete, we have momentum and are well-positioned to drive long-term value creation for our colleagues, clients and shareholders. Greg Case, President and CEO In 2024, we continued to deliver across these four metrics: Total revenue growth was 17%, reflecting acquired revenues from NFP and 6% organic revenue growth, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. Operating margin was 24.4% and adjusted operating margin was 31.5% in 2024, driven primarily by the addition of NFP and an increase in operating expenses, partially offset by 6% organic revenue growth and $110 million of net restructuring savings. Diluted earnings per share was $12.49 per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $15.60 per share in 2024. Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 12% to $3.0 billion in 2024 compared to the prior year, due to higher cash taxes, and payments related to restructuring, legal settlement expenses, transaction and integration costs, partially offset by strong adjusted operating income growth and working capital improvements. Free cash flow decreased 11%, to $2.8 billion in 2024 compared to the prior year, reflecting a decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities, partially offset by a $34 million decrease in capital expenditures as spend in the prior year was elevated. 4 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Board of Directors In August 2024, we announced that Admiral James Stavridis joined our Board effective August 15, 2024. Admiral Stavridis serves on the Finance Committee of the Board. On April 10, 2025, we announced that Fulvio Conti will be retiring from our Board effective at the Annual Meeting. Upon Mr. Conti s retirement, our Board will be composed of 12 directors, 11 of whom are independent, including the Board Chair. It is a priority of the Governance/Nominating Committee to identify candidates for the Board of Directors who bring to our Board a wide variety of experiences, skills, qualifications and perspectives that strengthen their ability to carry out their oversight responsibilities. Our Governance/Nominating Committee also considers a number of demographic and other factors in seeking to develop a Board that, as a whole, has the appropriate background, skills and experiences in the context of the needs of the Board. As part of our ongoing Board refreshment process, we welcomed two new independent directors in 2024, four new independent directors since 2022, and seven new independent directors since 2016. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Directors Name Age Director Since Current Committee Membership Other Boards Lester B. Knight, Chair* 66 1999 Executive Committee - Chair Governance/Nominating Committee - Chair Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Gregory C. Case, President and CEO 62 2005 Executive Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Jose Antonio lvarez* 65 2024 Audit Committee Organization and Compensation Committee 1 Jin-Yong Cai* 65 2016 Finance Committee Organization and Compensation Committee Jeffrey C. Campbell* 64 2018 Audit Committee - Chair Executive Committee Organization and Compensation Committee 2 Fulvio Conti* 77 2008 Audit Committee Executive Committee Finance Committee - Chair Governance/Nominating Committee Cheryl A. Francis* 71 2010 Finance Committee Governance/Nominating Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee - Chair Organization and Compensation Committee 2 Adriana Karaboutis* 62 2022 Audit Committee Governance/Nominating Committee 3 Richard C. Notebaert* 77 1998 Executive Committee Finance Committee Governance/Nominating Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Organization and Compensation Committee - Chair Gloria Santona* 74 2004 Audit Committee Governance/Nominating Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Sarah E. Smith* 66 2023 Finance Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee 1 Byron O. Spruell* 60 2020 Audit Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Organization and Compensation Committee Admiral James G. Stavridis* 69 2024 Finance Committee 1 * Independent director Number of current other public company directorships or listed business development company trusteeships Mr. Conti is retiring effective at the Annual Meeting. 6 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Highlights Aon s commitment to good corporate governance is integral to our business. Highlights of our strong corporate governance practices include: Annual election of all directors and active Board refreshment Separation of Board Chair and CEO Strong Board oversight of risk management programs 12 of 13 directors are independent Directors elected by a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election Active shareholder engagement Regular executive sessions of the Board and its committees Shareholder ability to call a special meeting Robust share ownership guidelines for directors and senior executives Annual evaluation process for the Board, Committees, and individual directors Corporate Governance Guidelines include Board oversight of director commitments and overboarding limitations Comprehensive director orientation program 2024 Executive Compensation Highlights The core principle of our executive compensation program continues to be pay for performance, as we continue towards our goal of being the leading global professional services firm focused on risk, health, and wealth. Leadership Performance Program. In early 2025, we settled performance share units ( PSUs ) granted to our NEOs in 2022 under our seventeenth LPP cycle ( LPP 17 ). The settlement of those units in Class A Ordinary Shares was contingent upon achieving adjusted diluted earnings per share of at least $38.20 (threshold performance) over the performance period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024, and reflects achievement of adjusted diluted earnings per share of $42.12, which exceeded the target performance level adjusted diluted earnings per share of $39.72. In 2024, we granted PSUs under our nineteenth LPP cycle ( LPP 19 ) to each of our NEOs, which are expected to be settled in 2027 contingent upon the Company s adjusted diluted earnings per share growth performance over the January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026 performance period. Annual Incentive Compensation. Annual incentives paid to our NEOs reflected our application of the incentive pool funding framework adopted by the Organization and Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee ), as well as the committee s evaluation of each NEO s contributions to our business and financial results, delivery of key strategic initiatives, and personal leadership qualities. The incentive pool funding determination included both a pre-established formulaic financial component (80% weighted), based on comparison of current year adjusted operating income results against the prior year, and a non-formulaic People Culture component (20% weighted), based on Company s progress across four areas: wellbeing, inclusion, engagement, and retention. Target annual incentive opportunities for our NEOs for 2024, as a percentage of base salary, remain unchanged from 2023. Once determined, annual incentives to our NEOs (other than Mr. Case) were paid 65% in cash and 35% in the form of time-vested restricted share units, which provides value to our executives that is tied to the long-term performance of the Company. Mr. Case s annual incentive was paid 65% in the form of cash and 35% in the form of performance share units under our twentieth LPP cycle, as a further tie to the long-term 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Compensation-Related Best Practices performance of the Company. Annual incentives for 2024 were awarded to our NEOs in early 2025 following the Company s achievement of adjusted operating income of $4,939 million. The annual incentive awards are described in more detail in the section captioned Annual Incentive Awards Under Our Shareholder-Approved Plan below. Our compensation philosophy and related governance features are complemented by several policies and practices designed to align our executive compensation program with the long-term interests of our shareholders, including the following: Robust share ownership guidelines for senior executives and directors Clawback and forfeiture provisions in the event of fraud or a material violation of Company policies Annual say-on-pay vote for shareholders Robust annual risk assessment of compensation structure, policies and practices People Culture performance metric for determining executive annual incentives Prohibition on hedging transactions by all employees and directors; prohibition on pledging by executive officers and directors Pay for performance philosophy weighted towards variable at-risk performance-based compensation No dividends or dividend equivalents paid on unvested equity awards Effective balance between differentiated short-term and long-term performance factors and incentives 8 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal 1 Resolutions Regarding the Election of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR each nominee to serve as director. What am I voting on? The current members of the Board, other than Fulvio Conti, are standing for election, in each case to serve until our 2026 annual general meeting. The 12 directors who are standing for election are named below. The Governance/Nominating Committee of the Board (the Governance/Nominating Committee ) has recommended to the Board that each director be nominated. With respect to Mr. Case, his employment agreement provides that he will be nominated for election as a director at each annual general meeting of shareholders during the period of his employment. All nominees for director have consented to being named in this proxy statement and have agreed to serve as directors if re-elected. We have no reason to believe that any of the nominees will not be available to serve as a director. However, if any nominee should become unavailable to serve for any reason, the proxies may be voted for such substitute nominees as may be designated by the Board, or the Board may reduce its size. The term of each director expires at the next annual general meeting of shareholders, and each director will continue in office until the election of his or her respective successor or until his or her earlier resignation or removal in accordance with the Company s articles of association (the Articles ) or the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended (the Irish Companies Act ). Consistent with the terms of the Articles, the Board currently is authorized to have up to 21 directors, and the number of directors was most recently set by the Board at 13. Fulvio Conti has decided to retire from the Board effective at the Annual Meeting. Following Mr. Conti s retirement, the Board expects to reduce the size of the Board to 12. Due to Mr. Conti s retirement, there are fewer director nominees named in the proxy statement than the number fixed pursuant to the Company s Articles. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. Our governing documents provide that a director nominee be elected by a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election. If an incumbent director nominee fails to receive a majority of the votes cast in an election that is not a contested election, the director must offer to tender a resignation, and the Board shall decide, through a process managed by the Governance/Nominating Committee, whether to accept or reject the resignation or whether other action shall be taken. In reaching its decision, the Governance/Nominating Committee and the Board may consider any factors they deem appropriate and relevant. The Board will act on the recommendation of the Governance/Nominating Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting and will promptly disclose the rationale for its decision in a Form 8-K furnished to the SEC. A shareholder may: (i) vote for the election of a nominee; (ii) vote against the election of a nominee; or (iii) abstain from voting on a nominee. Unless an executed proxy contains instructions to the contrary, it is assumed that the proxy will be voted FOR the re-election of each nominee named on the following pages. The form of shareholder resolution for this proposal is below: RESOLVED THAT, the following individuals be, and each hereby is, by way of separate ordinary resolution, re-elected to serve as director for a term expiring at the next annual general meeting of shareholders and until the election of his or her respective successor or until his or her earlier removal or resignation pursuant to the Articles or the Irish Companies Act: Lester B. Knight Jose Antonio lvarez Jin-Yong Cai Jeffrey C. Campbell Gregory C. Case Cheryl A. Francis Adriana Karaboutis Richard C. Notebaert Gloria Santona Sarah E. Smith Byron O. Spruell James G. Stavridis Aon values a number of attributes and criteria when identifying nominees to serve as a director, including professional background, expertise, reputation for integrity, business, financial and management experience, leadership capabilities, international experience and perspectives, and diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds, work and other experiences and other demographics, as well as the ability to commit sufficient time and attention to the activities of the Board. We believe all of the nominees are individuals with a reputation for integrity, demonstrate strong leadership capabilities, and are able to work collaboratively to make contributions to the Board and management. Biographical information about the nominees and the experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills considered by our Governance/Nominating Committee and the Board in determining that the nominees should serve as a director appears below. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Director Nominee Bios Committees: Executive Committee (Chair) Governance/Nominating Committee (Chair) Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Director Since: 1999 Age: 66 Lester B. Knight Mr. Knight is a Founding Partner of RoundTable Healthcare Partners and the former Vice Chairman and director of Cardinal Health, Inc., a diversified healthcare service company. Mr. Knight was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Allegiance Corporation from 1996 until February 1999, and had been with Baxter International, Inc. from 1981 until 1996, where he served as Corporate Vice President from 1990, Executive Vice President from 1992 and as a director from 1995. Mr. Knight became Chairman of the Board of Directors of Aon in August 2008. He is a life director of NorthShore University Health System and Junior Achievement of Chicago, a life Trustee of Northwestern University and a member of the Civic Committee of The Commercial Club of Chicago. Skills Qualifications: Mr. Knight s experience as the founder of a private equity firm focused on investing in the healthcare industry, his executive background at several leading healthcare companies, and his financial and investment expertise provide the Board with global perspective, executive leadership and oversight experience. In addition, his role in chairing our Governance/Nominating Committee and his previous leadership and Board experience at other public companies position him to effectively lead the Board and promote a robust, deliberative decision-making process among independent directors. Mr. Knight also provides valuable perspectives with his broad experience in corporate governance, strategic transactions, business transformation and growth, and risk oversight. Committees: Executive Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Director Since: 2005 Age: 62 Gregory C. Case Mr. Case has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of Aon since April 2005, and as President since March 2025. In addition, Mr. Case previously served as Aon s President from 2005 to 2018. Prior to joining Aon, Mr. Case was with McKinsey Company, the global management consulting firm, for 17 years where he served on the governing Shareholders Council and as head of the Global Insurance and Financial Services Practice. Prior to joining McKinsey, Mr. Case was with the investment banking firm of Piper, Jaffray and Hopwood and the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. Mr. Case is a former director of Discover Financial Services. Skills Qualifications: As President and Chief Executive Officer of Aon, Mr. Case brings to the Board his day-to-day experiences leading Aon s colleagues serving clients across Commercial Risk, Reinsurance, Health, and Wealth solution lines, and his intimate knowledge of Aon s business, strategy and operations. Mr. Case s background as a management consultant, including in the global insurance and financial services areas, brings critical industry and business development knowledge to the Board. His extensive and specific knowledge of Aon and its global businesses provides our Board with a unique and valuable understanding of the Company s priorities for our clients, colleagues and shareholders, and enables him to keep the Board apprised of the most significant developments impacting the Company and to guide the Board s discussion and review of the Company s strategy. 10 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Committees: Audit Committee Organization and Compensation Committee Director Since: 2024 Age: 65 Current Public Company Directorship: Banco Santander, S.A. Jose Antonio lvarez Mr. lvarez is the former Chief Executive Officer of Banco Santander, S.A., a Spanish multinational financial services company, and currently serves as Vice Chair and a non-executive director of Santander. Mr. lvarez first joined Santander in 2002 and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2004 to 2014. In 2015, Mr. lvarez was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Santander and served in that role until his retirement in 2022. Mr. lvarez previously served as a member of the supervisory boards of Santander Consumer Bank AG, Santander Consumer Holding GmbH and Santander Bank Polska, S.A., and as a director of SAM Investments Holdings Limited, Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. and Santander Holdings USA, Inc. In addition, Mr. lvarez previously served as a board member of Bolsas y Mercados Espa oles, S.A. and Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. Skills Qualifications: Mr. lvarez s experience as former chief executive officer, and previously chief financial officer, of a multinational financial services company provides the Board with deep knowledge and expertise in international finance, and unique insights into emerging and global markets and investments. In addition, as a member or prior member of the boards of directors of several international companies that invest globally, Mr. lvarez brings substantive expertise in business strategy in international markets, as well as business transformation, regulatory compliance, information technology and risk management, to the Board. Mr. lvarez s extensive financial background and experience has led the Board to determine that he is an audit committee financial expert as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Committees: Finance Committee Organization and Compensation Committee Director Since: 2016 Age: 65 Jin-Yong Cai Mr. Cai is a Partner at Global Infrastructure Partners, a global private equity investment firm and wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. Prior to his current position, Mr. Cai was a Partner at TPG Capital, L.P., a global private equity investment firm. From 2012 to 2016, Mr. Cai was the Chief Executive Officer of the International Finance Corporation, a member of the World Bank Group and the largest global development institution focused on private sector development. Before the International Finance Corporation, Mr. Cai worked in the financial services industry for nearly two decades, including 12 years with Goldman Sachs Group, as a Partner and its top executive in China. He began his career at the World Bank Group. Mr. Cai is a former director of PetroChina Company Limited and Syngenta Group. Skills Qualifications: Mr. Cai s experience in global finance and international business, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region, enhances the Board s global perspectives and provides unique insights into global markets. Mr. Cai s increased level of financial literacy and extensive background with international finance and global management, including areas relating to investment banking and private equity, provide valuable perspective and knowledge relating to financial risk and risks related to the Company s international activities and growth strategies. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Committees: Audit Committee (Chair) Executive Committee Organization and Compensation Committee Director Since: 2018 Age: 64 Current Public Company Directorships: Hexcel Corporation Marathon Petroleum Corporation Jeffrey C. Campbell Mr. Campbell served as Chief Financial Officer of American Express Company, a financial services company, from July 2013 until August 2023, and as Vice Chairman from April 2021 to March 2024. From 2004 to 2013, Mr. Campbell served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at McKesson Corporation, a leading healthcare services, information technology and distribution company. Prior to his time at McKesson, Mr. Campbell spent 13 years at AMR Corporation and its principal subsidiary, American Airlines, ultimately becoming its Chief Financial Officer in 2002. Mr. Campbell serves as the Lead Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Hexcel Corporation and as a director of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, where he also serves on the Audit Committee. Mr. Campbell is also a board member of The Julliard School and previously served on the Board of the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and as Chair of the Lincoln Center Corporate Fund. Skills Qualifications: Having served as chief financial officer of three multinational, publicly traded companies, Mr. Campbell adds financial expertise and risk management leadership to the Board. His significant business experience, deep financial acumen and leadership in the development of diverse talent provide the Board and its committees with valuable, broad ranging management perspective. He also brings to the Board substantial experience in the areas of compliance, risk oversight, corporate finance, strategy, corporate governance and corporate social responsibility, as well as knowledge and experience relating to the financial services sector. This experience has also led the Board to determine that Mr. Campbell is an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC. Committees: Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee (Chair) Finance Committee Governance/Nominating Committee Organization and Compensation Committee Director Since: 2010 Age: 71 Current Public Company Directorships: HNI Corporation Morningstar, Inc. Cheryl A. Francis Ms. Francis served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of R.R. Donnelley Sons Co., a publicly traded print media company, from 1995 until 2000. Since 2000, Ms. Francis has served as a business consultant and, since August 2008, as Co-Chair of the Corporate Leadership Center. From 2002 until 2008, she served as Vice Chairman of the Corporate Leadership Center. Prior to her role at R.R. Donnelley, Ms. Francis served on the management team of FMC Corporation and its subsidiary, FMC Gold, including serving as Chief Financial Officer of FMC Gold from 1987 through 1991, and Treasurer of FMC Corporation from 1993 through 1995. She was also an adjunct professor for the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business from 1991 through 1993. Ms. Francis currently serves as a director of HNI Corporation and Morningstar, Inc., and previously served as a director of Hewitt Associates, Inc. from 2002 until the Company s acquisition of Hewitt Associates, Inc. in 2010. Skills Qualifications: Ms. Francis s background as a chief financial officer of a large publicly traded company provides the Board with an increased level of financial literacy, as well as regulatory and business oversight. In addition, her role as a Board member of other public companies provides valuable perspective on matters of risk oversight, strategy, corporate governance, and human capital management. As Co-Founder of the Corporate Leadership Center s CEO Perspectives and Leading Women Executives, Ms. Francis is a leading voice on inclusion and leadership development and brings focus to our work to promote corporate social responsibility. 12 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Committees: Audit Committee Governance/Nominating Committee Director Since: 2022 Age: 62 Current Public Company Directorships: Perrigo Company plc Autoliv Inc. Savills plc Adriana Karaboutis From 2017 to August 2023, Ms. Karaboutis served as Chief Information and Digital Officer of National Grid PLC, one of the world s largest public utility companies focused on transmitting and distributing electricity and gas in the UK and northeast US. She previously served as Executive Vice President, Technology, Business Solutions and Corporate Affairs at Biogen Inc., a global biotechnology company, from September 2014 to March 2017. In that role, she introduced leading digital and data science capabilities that unlocked value across the drug discovery, development, and delivery processes. From December 2015, she also oversaw global public affairs, government affairs, public policy and patient advocacy. From March 2010 to September 2014, Ms. Karaboutis was Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer of Dell, Inc., a global technology company. Ms. Karaboutis previously spent more than 20 years at General Motors Company and Ford Motor Company in various international leadership positions, including global production planning, computer-integrated manufacturing, supply chain operations and information technology. Ms. Karaboutis serves as a director of Perrigo Company plc, a global over-the-counter consumer goods and pharmaceutical company, Autoliv Inc., a global supplier of automotive safety systems, and Savills plc, a British real estate services company. She previously served on the boards of directors of Aspen Technology, Advance Auto Parts and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. Skills Qualifications: Ms. Karaboutis background as a chief information officer for a public utility company and a global technology company provides the Board with valuable insight and experience in technology, cybersecurity, data privacy and data security matters, as well as business operations and continuity. In addition, Ms. Karaboutis experience in developing and delivering digital solutions and data science capabilities and overseeing innovative technology enhances the Board s perspective in innovative strategies. Ms. Karaboutis role as a current and former board member of multiple public companies provides valuable global perspective on matters of risk oversight, corporate governance and executive management. Committees: Organization and Compensation Committee (Chair) Executive Committee Finance Committee Governance/Nominating Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub- Committee Director Since: 1998 Age: 77 Richard C. Notebaert From June 2002 until August 2007, Mr. Notebaert served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Qwest Communications International Inc., a leading provider of broadband Internet-based data, voice and image communications. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Tellabs, Inc., which designs and markets equipment to providers of telecommunications services worldwide, from August 2000 to June 2002, and as a director of Tellabs from April 2000 to June 2002. He served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Ameritech Corporation, a full-service communications company, from 1994 until 1999. Mr. Notebaert first joined Ameritech Corporation in 1983 and served in significant positions within the Ameritech organization before his election as Vice Chairman in January 1993, President and Chief Operating Officer in June 1993 and President and Chief Executive Officer in January 1994. Mr. Notebaert is a Trustee Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of the University of Notre Dame. Mr. Notebaert previously served as a director of American Electric Power and Cardinal Health, Inc., and as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the University of Notre Dame. Skills Qualifications: Mr. Notebaert s background as a chairman and chief executive officer of several large international communications companies provides the Board with substantial management expertise, including in the areas of global operations, technology and innovation, and strategic planning. In addition, Mr. Notebaert s executive and board leadership experience provides valuable perspectives on matters of corporate governance, human capital management, executive compensation, and risk oversight. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Committees: Audit Committee Governance/Nominating Committee I nclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Director Since: 2004 Age: 74 Gloria Santona Ms. Santona served as Of Counsel at Baker McKenzie, an international law firm, from 2018 to 2022. Prior to Baker McKenzie, Ms. Santona served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of McDonald s Corporation from 2001 to 2017 when she retired. After joining McDonald s in 1977, Ms. Santona held positions of increasing responsibility in the legal department, serving as U.S. General Counsel from December 1999 to June 2001 and corporate General Counsel from 2001 to 2017. She is a member of the Audit Committee and the Governance Committee of the Rush System for Health, and former member of the Board of Directors of the American Society of Corporate Secretaries, the Association of Corporate Counsel and the Minority Corporate Counsel Association. Ms. Santona is also a former member of the Boards of Trustees of Rush University Medical Center, the Chicago Zoological Society and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and the Boards of Directors of The Chicago Network, the Chicago Food Depository and the National Immigrant Justice Center. Skills Qualifications: Ms. Santona s legal background, including her experience serving as a general counsel and secretary of a large international corporation, brings critical perspective to the Board and enhances the Board s global risk management and oversight capabilities. Ms. Santona s diverse legal background contributes corporate governance, legal, regulatory and compliance expertise, and further brings valuable perspective on long-term growth strategy planning. Under Ms. Santona s leadership, McDonald s legal department won numerous awards for its commitment to inclusivity and pro bono, and Ms. Santona s service and leadership experience at non-profit organizations deepens the Board s expertise on human capital management and social and governance priorities. Committees: Finance Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Director Since: 2023 Age: 66 Current Public Company Directorship Nuveen Churchill Private Capital Income Fund Sarah E. Smith Ms. Smith is a former member of the Management Committee of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Ms. Smith joined Goldman Sachs in 1996 and was named Managing Director in 1998 and Partner in 2002. During her tenure, Ms. Smith served as the Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of the firm until 2017, and subsequently as the Chief Compliance Officer from 2017 to 2020. Ms. Smith then served as Senior Advisor to Goldman Sachs from 2020 until her retirement in 2021. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Ms. Smith worked in the National and Audit practices of KPMG in both London and New York and held several finance positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb. Ms. Smith is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Financial Accounting Foundation since September 2020. Ms. Smith attended City of London University (Dip. Acc) and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Ms. Smith serves as a Trustee of the Nuveen Churchill Private Capital Income Fund and as a board member of two private companies: Klarna Bank A.B. and Via Transportation. Skills Qualifications: Ms. Smith s background as a chief accounting officer and chief compliance officer of a global investment banking firm provides the Board with an increased level of financial literacy and enhances the Board s expertise in the oversight of risk management and compliance. In addition, Ms. Smith s experience in the investment banking and asset management industries brings valuable insight to the Company s business strategy and operations in professional and financial services. 14 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Committees: Audit Committee Organization and Compensation Committee Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee Director Since: 2020 Age: 60 Byron O. Spruell Mr. Spruell is the President of League Operations at the National Basketball Association, a position he has held since August 2016. Prior to joining the National Basketball Association, a professional basketball league, Mr. Spruell spent 20 years at Deloitte LLP, most recently as its Vice Chairman, Central Region Marketplace Leader and Chicago Managing Principal. He serves on several non-profit boards, including the University of Notre Dame Board of Trustees, the Museum of Science and Industry, Metropolitan Family Services in Chicago and the Jackie Robinson Foundation. Skills Qualifications: Mr. Spruell has extensive executive leadership experience, with a focus on strategy, business continuity and application of analytics and innovation. His background in a professional services firm and as a current executive at the National Basketball Association also provides the Board with valuable experience in operations management, human capital management and talent development, as well as colleague health and wellness. Mr. Spruell s experiences at Deloitte LLP and as Chair of the Audit Committee of the University of Notre Dame s Board of Trustees further elevates the Board s financial and accounting expertise. Additionally, Mr. Spruell s service on non-profit boards enhances the Board s perspectives around community engagement and social impact. Committees: Finance Committee Director Since: 2024 Age: 69 Current Public Company Directorship: Fortinet, Inc. Admiral James G. Stavridis Admiral Stavridis serves as Partner and Vice Chair, Global Affairs of Carlyle Group Inc., a global investment firm, a position he has held since 2018. Admiral Stavridis is a former member of the United States Navy, serving from 1976 to 2013 and rising to the rank of 4-star Admiral in 2009. His commands included four years as the 16th Supreme Allied Commander with The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), where he oversaw operations in Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, the Balkans, and counter piracy off the coast of Africa, as well as three years commanding the U.S. Southern Command, with responsibility for all military operations throughout Latin America. Following his military career, he served as dean of The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. Admiral Stavridis serves as chair of the board of trustees of The Rockefeller Foundation, as a member of the board of directors of Fortinet, Inc., a cybersecurity company, and as a director of several private companies and non-profit organizations. He previously served as a board member of American Water Works Company, Inc., a publicly traded water utility company, and as a director of the Neuberger Berman Funds. Skills Qualifications: Admiral Stavridis brings extensive government and leadership experience as a result of his military service, providing the Board with global perspective and expertise in the areas of strategic planning and investments, leadership, global operations and technology. As a nationally recognized cybersecurity expert he brings to the Board substantial knowledge and insights in the areas of regulatory compliance, risk management, and cybersecurity matters. In addition, Admiral Stavridis s extensive experience in private sector and government leadership positions enhances the Board s perspectives in conducting business in diverse geo-political environments. His longstanding commitments to government and educational organizations contribute valuable insights to the Board on corporate social responsibility and human capital management matters. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Corporate Governance We are committed to effective corporate governance, which we believe helps us sustain our success and build long-term value for our shareholders and other stakeholders. Aon s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide the framework for our system of corporate governance, which, together with our committee charters and Code of Business Conduct, set forth standards of conduct for employees, officers and directors. The Board and its committees provide oversight of Aon s overall performance, strategic direction, and executive management team performance, including management of the Company s top risks and mitigation plans. The Board also reviews major initiatives and transactions and advises on key financial and business matters. The charter of each standing committee and sub-committee, the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the Code of Business Conduct are available on the corporate governance section of our website at http://www.aon.com/about-aon/corporate-governance/corporate-governance.jsp. For more information about our Board s and management s oversight of risks please see Board Role in Risk Oversight below. Corporate Governance Best Practices Board Independence. All of our directors are independent, with the exception of our Chief Executive Officer. Independent Chair. We have had an independent chair Board leadership structure since 2008. Active Board Refreshment. Four new independent directors have been nominated in the last five years. Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee. The Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee of the Governance/Nominating Committee helps to ensure focused evaluation, oversight and management of Aon s inclusion and wellbeing strategies and initiatives. Annual Elections with Majority Voting. Directors are elected annually by a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election. Robust Year-Round Shareholder Engagement Program . Aon seeks input from shareholders to better understand shareholder perspectives on long-term strategy, governance practices, executive compensation and other business priorities, including corporate sustainability and human capital considerations through extensive outreach and engagement. Oversight of Director Commitments. Our Governance/Nominating Committee regularly reviews director commitments, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines limit a director s service on outside boards. Annual Board, Committee and Director Peer Evaluations . Annually, Aon s directors review and complete comprehensive evaluations on Board effectiveness, committee performance and individual peer assessment, facilitated by an experienced external third party. Shareholder Right to Call a Special Meeting. Our shareholders owning 10% of our shares may request that the Company call an extraordinary general meeting, in accordance with the requirements of the Irish Companies Act. Share Ownership Guidelines. We maintain robust share ownership guidelines for our directors and senior executives. Executive Sessions. Our independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions. Director Onboarding and Education. Our directors receive a comprehensive onboarding when they join the Board and continue to receive ongoing education relevant to our business and strategy. Prohibitions on Hedging and Pledging Company Shares. Our Board has adopted an insider trading policy which, among other things, specifically prohibits all employees and directors from engaging in short sales, publicly traded options, puts and calls, forward sale contracts and other swap, hedging and derivative transactions relating to our securities. The policy also specifically prohibits our executive officers and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or pledging our securities as collateral for a loan. Board Leadership Structure The positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board are currently held by separate individuals. Greg Case serves as our Chief Executive Officer, and Lester Knight serves as the Non-Executive Chair of the Board. Pursuant to our Corporate 16 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance Guidelines, the same or different persons may hold the positions of Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer. At this time, the Board believes that having an independent Board Chair is the most appropriate Board leadership structure. As Non-Executive Chair, in addition to serving as liaison between the Board and management, Mr. Knight sets the agendas for, and presides over, the Board meetings and also chairs executive sessions of the non-management directors. Our Chief Executive Officer is also a member of the Board and participates in its meetings to provide valuable insight into the most significant developments facing the Company and to guide the Board s discussion and review of the Company s strategy. The Board believes the separation of the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chair is the most appropriate structure at this time to best serve the Company and its shareholders, as it allows our Chief Executive Officer focus on the management of the Company and the Chair to ensure that the Board is focused on its oversight responsibilities, including independent oversight of management. The structure also facilitates robust communications between management and the Board and provides effective oversight by independent directors, including oversight of risks. The Board retains the flexibility to revise this structure based upon its periodic assessment and review of the Company s needs and leadership. Board Role in Risk Oversight Risk is inherent and evolving in every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. Our enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program covers the range of material risks to Aon, including strategic, operational, financial, compliance, human capital, technology, security and ESG risks. The Board oversees Aon s risk management program and allocates certain oversight responsibilities to its committees or any sub-committee, as appropriate. Each committee regularly reports to the Board on risk matters under its purview. The Board and its committees regularly review our risk management policies, processes and controls. The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee the primary responsibility for the oversight of the Company s ERM program. Management carries out the daily processes, controls, and practices of our risk management program, many of which are embedded in our operations. In addition, as part of our ERM process, management identifies, assesses, prioritizes, monitors, and develops mitigation plans for Aon s top risks. The Board believes that establishing the right tone at the top and maintaining full and open communication between management and the Board are essential for effective risk management and oversight. As such, the Board and its committees regularly review and discuss with management the Company s risk landscape, ERM governance, and progress on key risk management priorities, including emerging risks associated with growth initiatives and changing geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions. Throughout the year, the Board and the committees review the Company s management of risk, including but not limited to the areas of cybersecurity and data security, data privacy, business continuity, compliance with government regulations, errors omissions claims, financial performance, liquidity, taxes, mergers and acquisitions, ESG and human capital management. In addition, members of senior management attend Board and committee meetings (including private sessions with independent directors when invited) and are available to address any questions or concerns raised by the Board related to risk management and any other matters. For more information on committee responsibilities with respect to risk oversight, please see the section titled Board of Directors and Committees below. Cybersecurity, Data Security, and Data Privacy Risk Management and Board Oversight Cybersecurity, data security, and data privacy matters are an important focus of our Board s oversight of risk. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for the oversight of cybersecurity risk and engages in regular discussion with management regarding cybersecurity and privacy risk mitigation and incident management, including risks arising from the use of AI. The Company s management, including the Chief Privacy and Data Trust Officer and the Chief Information Security Officer, regularly presents (no less than twice annually) to the Audit Committee of the Board regarding cybersecurity, data security, and data privacy matters. Aon s cybersecurity, data security, and data privacy programs are designed to protect the personal and confidential data of our clients and our colleagues. Aon engages in a risk-based approach to adopting and implementing appropriate technical, organizational, administrative, and physical safeguards for cybersecurity. One key component to safeguard against risks facing Aon s technology and security is Aon s ERM program, as discussed above, which includes management s 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents identification, assessment, prioritization, and mitigation of cybersecurity risks. In addition, the Company has embedded responsible AI principles in its Code of Conduct and established a cross-functional AI working group which is focused on enabling innovation while mitigating risks. Our AI governance program assesses and prioritizes AI opportunities, solutions and risks across the firm, and the Company s management provides relevant updates regarding such matters to the Board. In addition, employees across the Company receive periodic training and education on cybersecurity-related topics and governance matters. Aon has established a Global Privacy and Data Trust Office led by a Chief Privacy and Data Trust Officer and comprised of full-time privacy professionals located around the globe, responsible for implementing Aon s data privacy program, and designing and developing data privacy compliance solutions. In addition, Aon maintains a global Information Security organization, led by our Chief Information Security Officer, with dedicated information security personnel responsible for protecting Aon s information. Refer to Part I, Item 1C of Aon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, for further information regarding Aon s cybersecurity and risk management. Oversight of Corporate Sustainability and ESG-related Risks and Opportunities Our Board and management recognize that the full spectrum of corporate sustainability, including the priorities of ESG and related risks, are evolving in their significance to the business, and accordingly, oversight of ESG risks is a continuing and dynamic commitment. Aon s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the full Board oversees the Company s ESG risks and opportunities, as well as the Company s ESG strategies, goals and objectives, and performance. The Board may from time-to-time delegate certain aspects of its ESG and related risk oversight responsibilities to one or more of its committees or sub-committees which report on such matters directly to the Board. The governance and ongoing execution of our ESG strategy is the responsibility of leaders and key internal partners across Aon, and the Board regularly reviews and oversees our ESG strategy, program and goals. The Board reviews Aon s ESG and climate strategy and, more generally, the Board (including through its committees) oversees the company s ESG risks and opportunities, including human capital management, governance, climate, executive compensation, and inclusion and wellbeing. The full Board (or its committees) regularly reviews and discusses people-related risks and opportunities, including colleague satisfaction and engagement survey results, pay equity, colleague wellbeing, succession planning, employment law matters and conduct and ethics matters. The full Board also reviews progress against Aon s inclusion and wellbeing strategy and initiatives. For more information on Aon s approach to corporate sustainability and ESG efforts, please see our latest Aon Impact Report, which can be found on the Company s website, www.aon.com. The information in the Aon Impact Report or otherwise on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form part of, this proxy statement. Director Independence Aon s Corporate Governance Guidelines require that a majority of directors meet the independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). The Corporate Governance Guidelines further provide that each of the Audit Committee, Governance/Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee be composed entirely of independent directors. The Board has affirmatively determined that each nominee for director other than Mr. Case is independent. Mr. Case is considered a management director because of his position as our President and Chief Executive Officer. In addition, the Board has affirmatively determined that Dr. Carolyn Woo, who retired as a director effective as of June 21, 2024, was independent during the time she served on the Board, and that Mr. Conti, who will be retiring from the Board effective as of the Annual Meeting, is independent. In determining that each of the non-management directors is independent, the Board also considered the following relationships that it deemed were immaterial to such director s independence: With respect to Mr. Knight, Mr. Cai, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Spruell, and Admiral Stavridis, the Board considered that, in the ordinary course of business, Aon has sold services to, or received services from, a company or other entity at which the 18 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents director is (or during 2024 was) an employee and the amount that we received from or paid to the entity in any of the previous three fiscal years was below the greater of $1 million or two percent (2%) of that entity s annual revenue; and With respect to Mr. Knight, Ms. Francis, Mr. Notebaert, and Mr. Spruell, the Board considered that Aon or certain of its affiliates made charitable contributions in 2024 to organizations in which the director or the director s spouse was an officer, director, or trustee. In each case, the amount that we contributed was below the greater of $1 million or two percent (2%) of that organization s consolidated gross revenue. Board of Directors and Committees The Board met five times in 2024. All nominees for director who served as a director in 2024 attended at least 75% of the total meetings of the Board and the standing committees and sub-committees on which they served during the period for which they served. In accordance with NYSE rules and the Corporate Governance Guidelines, non-management directors meet regularly in executive session without management. Mr. Knight, the Non-Executive Chair, chairs these executive sessions. The Board has five standing committees: the Executive Committee, the Audit Committee, the Finance Committee, the Governance/Nominating Committee and the Compensation Committee. The Board has also established the Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee as a standing sub-committee of the Governance/Nominating Committee. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Executive Committee When the Board is not in session, the Executive Committee is empowered to exercise the power and authority in the management of the business and affairs of Aon as would be exercised by the Board, subject to certain exceptions. The current members of the Executive Committee are Lester B. Knight, Gregory C. Case, Jeffrey C. Campbell, Fulvio Conti and Richard C. Notebaert. Audit Committee The Company has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The primary purposes of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board with the oversight of: the integrity of Aon s financial statements, financial reporting process and internal controls; Aon s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and ethics programs; the engagement of Aon s independent auditor and its qualifications, independence and performance; subject to the provisions of Irish law, the appointment and performance of Aon s statutory auditor as required under Irish law; and the performance of Aon s internal audit function. The Audit Committee is authorized to retain outside counsel or other experts as it deems appropriate to carry out its duties and responsibilities. The Board has also delegated to the Audit Committee the primary responsibility for the oversight of the Company s risk management. The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management Aon s guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and enterprise risk management, including the major financial risk exposures facing the Company and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit Committee also has primary responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity risk and engages in regular discussion with management regarding cybersecurity risk mitigation and incident management. The Audit Committee also has general oversight responsibility for the Company s legal, regulatory, and ethics policies and programs and annually reviews the adequacy of those policies and programs, including Aon s Code of Business Conduct. In addition, the Audit Committee periodically reviews with management any material correspondence with, or other action by, regulators or governmental agencies. The current members of the Audit Committee are Jeffrey C. Campbell, Jose Antonio lvarez, Fulvio Conti, Adriana Karaboutis, Gloria Santona, and Byron O. Spruell. In 2024, the Audit Committee met nine times. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is independent as defined by the rules of the NYSE and under the Company s categorical independence standards, as well as Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In addition, as required by the rules of the NYSE, the Board has determined that all of the Audit Committee members are financially literate, and that Mr. lvarez, Mr. Campbell, and Mr. Conti are audit committee financial experts within the meaning of rules promulgated by the SEC. Additional information regarding the Audit Committee s responsibilities may be found in this proxy statement in the section captioned Report of the Audit Committee. Finance Committee The Finance Committee is primarily responsible for assisting the Board with monitoring and overseeing: Aon s balance sheet, including its long-term capital plan, capital structure and capital management strategy; the Company s proposed mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and divestitures and the financial implications of such proposed transactions in accordance with the Company s policies and practices with respect to such proposed transactions and activities; all long-term passive investments of the Company, other than such investments made pursuant to the Company s co-investment policies approved by the Committee; the financial, investment and actuarial policies and objectives of Aon s U.S. tax-qualified defined benefit plans; the investment performance of the Company s non-U.S. benefit and retirement plans; the Company s corporate financing activities, including the issuance or guarantee of securities by the Company and its subsidiaries, and the offering terms of such securities and guarantees; the Company s treasury activities, including its liquidity risk, reviewing entry into and status of credit facilities and the use of derivatives and management of foreign exchange risk; and Aon s major insurance programs, including any self-insurance programs. The current members of the Finance Committee are Fulvio Conti, Jin-Yong Cai, Cheryl A. Francis, Richard C. Notebaert, Sarah E. Smith, and Admiral James G. Stavridis. Each member of the Finance Committee is independent as 20 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents defined in the independence standards of the NYSE. The Finance Committee met five times during 2024. Governance/Nominating Committee The Governance/Nominating Committee oversees the risks associated with Aon s overall governance and its primary responsibilities are to: review with the Board the appropriate skills and criteria required of directors and nominees for director; identify, consider and recommend to the Board candidates for service on the Board; recommend the slate of director nominees for each annual general meeting; advise the Board with respect to the structure and operations of, and qualifications for membership on, the committees of the Board; oversee the annual performance evaluation of the Board and its committees; develop and recommend the Corporate Governance Guidelines to the Board; review related person transactions pursuant to the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy and approve or ratify such transactions, as the Committee deems appropriate; and establish share ownership guidelines for non-management directors and officers and periodically review compliance. The current members of the Governance/Nominating Committee are Lester B. Knight, Fulvio Conti, Cheryl A. Francis, Adriana Karaboutis, Richard C. Notebaert, and Gloria Santona. Each member of the Governance/Nominating Committee is independent as defined in the independence standards of the NYSE. The Governance/Nominating Committee met five times during 2024. Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee The Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee is a standing subcommittee of the Governance/Nominating Committee, and its primary responsibilities are to: oversee management s inclusion and wellbeing strategies and initiatives, including the efforts of the Company s Global Inclusive Leadership Council; periodically review and monitor the Company s policies and practices with respect to inclusion, wellbeing, and equal employment opportunity; and perform any other duties as directed by the Governance/Nominating Committee or the Board. The current members of the Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee are Cheryl A. Francis, Gregory C. Case, Lester B. Knight, Richard C. Notebaert, Gloria Santona, Sarah E. Smith, and Byron O. Spruell. The Inclusion Wellbeing Sub-Committee met four times during 2024. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee assists the Board in carrying out its overall responsibilities with regard to executive and director compensation, including oversight of the determination and administration of our compensation philosophy, policies, programs and plans for executive officers and non-management directors. In addition, among other matters, the Compensation Committee: annually reviews and determines the compensation of Aon s officers subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and other members of senior management as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, including our Chief Executive Officer, subject, in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, to the input of the other independent members of the Board; directly approves the compensation of executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer, including special hiring and severance arrangements; reviews and makes recommendations to the independent directors, when necessary, with respect to the Company s incentive compensation plans and equity-based compensation plans and exercises power and authority as may be permitted under those plans; authorizes or approves the adoption, amendment or termination of the Company s material employee benefit plans and programs and reviews and approves the appointment of fiduciaries with respect to the fiduciary committees of certain of the Company s employee benefit plans; reviews and makes recommendations to the Board concerning non-management director compensation; and reviews and discusses the compensation disclosures contained in the proxy statement. As part of these duties, the Compensation Committee reviews the risks associated with Aon s compensation policies and practices, including a review of Aon s risk assessment of its compensation policies and practices for its employees. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents In compliance with the committee charter, the Compensation Committee may establish subcommittees consisting of one or more members or other independent directors and may delegate to such subcommittees and management power and authority to carry out such duties as the Compensation Committee may delegate. The current members of the Compensation Committee are Richard C. Notebaert, Jose Antonio lvarez, Jin-Yong Cai, Jeffrey C. Campbell, Cheryl A. Francis, and Byron O. Spruell. Each member of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined in the independence standards of the NYSE and is a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee met six times during 2024. Additional information regarding the Compensation Committee s responsibilities may be found in this proxy statement in the sections captioned Compensation Committee Report and Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Other Corporate Governance Practices Board and Committee Evaluations Our Board engages in ongoing self-evaluation and assessment. Annually, the directors review and complete evaluations on Board effectiveness, committee performance and peer assessment. The Governance/Nominating Committee oversees the annual evaluation process and the Board retains an outside party to review the completed evaluations. Each of the committees and the full Board discuss their self-assessments in executive sessions at least annually. The Governance/Nominating Committee periodically reviews the form and process for Board and Committee self-evaluations. Feedback received regarding individual directors is shared with the Governance/Nominating Committee Chair and the individual directors. In addition, throughout the year, directors have regular opportunities to provide input directly to the Chairman, committee chairs and management on meeting process enhancements, resources, agenda topics for Board and committee meetings and strategy discussions. The Board believes that this evaluation process supports its effectiveness and continuous improvement, as well as continued focus on Board refreshment and composition. Director Commitments The Governance/Nominating Committee considers each director s or nominee s time commitments, including those related to employment and other board service, to assess the director s or nominee s capacity to meet their responsibilities. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a director must notify the Board Chair prior to accepting any invitation to serve on another public company board, and that a director may not serve on the boards of more than three other public companies, in addition to his or her service on the Board of the Company, unless otherwise approved by the Governance/Nominating Committee. In addition, directors must offer to resign from the Board as a result of a substantial change to their principal occupation, subject to further consideration by the Governance/Nominating Committee. Director Onboarding and Education Upon joining our Board, new directors are provided with a comprehensive onboarding covering key topics including our business, strategy and governance. New directors typically participate in introductory meetings with our senior business and functional leaders. On an ongoing basis, directors receive presentations on a variety of topics related to their work on the Board and within the industry, both from senior management and from experts outside of our Company. The Board also receives periodic briefings and education on core concepts and trends that impact our businesses such as information security and AI, and potential risks and opportunities. Directors may also enroll in continuing education programs sponsored by third parties at our expense. CEO and Senior Leadership Succession Planning Our Independent Board Chair oversees the Chief Executive Officer succession planning process. The full Board as well as the independent directors, at least annually, discuss CEO succession planning, including emergency succession plans and processes. The Board also regularly reviews and discusses senior leadership succession planning and development. Our Board reviews potential internal senior management candidates with our CEO and our Chief Administrative Officer, including the qualifications, experience, and development priorities for these individuals. Directors engage with potential CEO and senior management successors at Board and committee meetings and in less formal settings to allow directors to personally assess potential CEO and key executive successors. Further, our Board periodically reviews the overall composition of our senior management s qualifications, tenure, and experience. 22 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Selection and Shareholder Recommendations Consistent with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Governance/Nominating Committee seeks members from diverse backgrounds who combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise with a reputation for integrity. The Governance/Nominating Committee also considers whether a potential nominee would satisfy independence standards adopted by the Board and the requirements of the NYSE. The Governance/Nominating Committee has sole authority to retain third-party search firms to identify director candidates and to approve such search firm s fees and other retention terms. In selecting nominees for director, the Governance/Nominating Committee considers professional background, reputation for integrity, leadership capabilities, skills and experience in the context of the needs of the Board, diversity, and international experience and perspectives. For more information regarding our directors, see page 5 of this proxy statement. When evaluating candidates for nomination as new directors, the Governance/Nominating Committee considers, and requests that the search firms it engages provide, a set of qualified candidates that includes individuals from diverse backgrounds with a variety of experiences and potential contributions to the Board. When a vacancy exists on the Board due to the expansion of the size of the Board or the resignation or retirement of an existing director or as part of considering ongoing board succession planning, the Governance/Nominating Committee identifies and evaluates potential director nominees. The Governance/Nominating Committee recommends potential director candidates to the full Board, which is responsible for final approval of any director candidate. The effectiveness of the nomination process, including the criteria used for selecting nominees for director, is evaluated by the Board each year as part of its annual self-evaluation process and by the Governance/Nominating Committee as it evaluates and identifies director candidates. Our newest director, Admiral Stavridis, (who was appointed to the Board in August 2024) will stand for election at the Annual Meeting. Admiral Stavridis was identified as a director candidate by a member of the Company s management for consideration by the Governance/Nominating Committee. The Governance/Nominating Committee will consider shareholder recommendations for director nominees. Shareholder recommendations will be evaluated against the same criteria used to evaluate other director nominees, which are discussed under Proposal 1 Resolutions Regarding the Election of Directors on page 9 of this proxy statement. Recommendations, together with the name and address of the shareholder making the recommendation, relevant biographical information regarding the proposed nominee and a description of any arrangement or understanding between the shareholder and the proposed nominee, together with any other information required by the Articles, should be sent to the Company Secretary. Shareholder recommendations for director candidates to stand for election at the 2026 annual general meeting must be submitted in writing to the Company Secretary, Aon plc, 15 George s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Recommendations will be forwarded to the Chair of the Governance/Nominating Committee for review and consideration. For information regarding compliance with the requirements applicable to shareholder nominations to the Board, see Shareholder Proposals for 2026 Annual General Meeting on page 94 of this proxy statement. Communications with the Board of Directors Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board, any committee of the Board, our independent Chair, or any of our directors by contacting the non-management directors of Aon plc, c/o the Company Secretary, 15 George s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, or by sending an email to corporate.governance@aon.com. The non-management directors have established procedures for handling communications from shareholders and other interested parties. Communications are distributed to the Chair of the Governance/Nominating Committee, the full Board, the non-management directors, or to any individual director or directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. The Company Secretary will not distribute communications that are unrelated to the duties of the Board, such as spam, junk mail, mass mailings, business solicitations, and advertisements. Shareholder Engagement It has been our long-standing practice to actively engage with our shareholders throughout the year so that management and the Board can better understand shareholder perspectives on long-term strategy, governance, executive compensation, human capital management and other topics. Following our 2024 Annual Meeting, we reached out to our largest shareholders representing over 50% of our outstanding shares, to discuss our say-on-pay vote and other matters of interest to them, including our results and strategy, long-term expectations and financial guidance, corporate governance structure, Board composition and director refreshment and 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents tenure, Board oversight of risks, succession planning, executive compensation, including performance-based executive awards, and corporate sustainability related matters. Shareholders representing approximately 42% of our outstanding shares responded to our meeting invitation and met with members of our senior management team, and, in some instances, an independent Board member. We also met with shareholders who proactively requested to meet. During these meetings, we specifically sought input from shareholders regarding our 2024 say-on-pay vote and enhancements we could make to improve our disclosures regarding our executive compensation programs. In these meetings, several shareholders provided feedback with respect to the structure and quantum of the special awards granted to our then-serving CFO and our then-serving President in 2023, and suggested opportunities to enhance our compensation-related disclosure. We also took the opportunity during these meetings to provide our shareholders with an overview of the Company s plans to respond to the 2024 say-on-pay vote, and to review shareholder feedback with the Compensation Committee and the full Board for their assessment. In addition, throughout the year we engage in extensive investor relations, in which members of management regularly meet with investors to discuss Company strategies, financial and operating performance, capital allocation priorities and other topics of interest. In 2024 these outreach activities included engagement of an external firm to conduct an investor perception study involving discussions with large investors to help inform areas of focus and topics of importance to investors. We share shareholder feedback from these discussions with our Board and its committees, including the Compensation Committee, as we seek to enhance our corporate governance, sustainability and executive compensation practices and improve our disclosures. 2024 Shareholder Engagement Highlights Who we engaged Following our 2024 annual shareholders meeting, we reached out to and met with our largest shareholders to engage on our most recent say-on-pay result, Board composition, Board oversight of risks and other corporate governance practices, and corporate sustainability and ESG related matters, as well as our results and strategy, impacts of industry trends and economic volatility. How we engaged We reached out to shareholders representing over 50% of our shares outstanding. Shareholders representing approximately 42% of our shares outstanding accepted our invitation to meet and participated in individual conference calls with members of management, and, in some instances, an independent Board member. In addition, in 2024 we engaged an outside firm to conduct an investor perception study and met with large investors regarding Company strategies, financial and operating performance and capital allocation priorities, among other topics of interest. What we learned Based on our shareholder engagement and other feedback from investors throughout the year, we believe we continue to be focused on what matters to our shareholders, including: Creating and delivering value for our clients and shareholders Strong corporate governance including effective Board composition and refreshment, Board oversight of risks, succession planning, executive compensation, and corporate sustainability and ESG related matters Robust disclosure of director experience and skills Increasing the context and transparency in our disclosure regarding the use of any one-time awards for executives Transparency regarding Company strategy, including insights regarding our acquisition of NFP 24 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Giving consideration to the feedback we received from investors during our 2024 and 2023 engagement meetings, our Board approved enhancements to our Corporate Governance Guidelines to formalize Board oversight of corporate sustainability and ESG activities and director time commitments. We also continued our approach to director refreshment by electing two new directors in 2024 and adding newer directors to two Board committees. In addition, we expanded disclosure of our CEO and senior management succession planning process. For more information on our shareholder engagement efforts with respect to executive compensation and consideration of last year s say-on-pay vote and how we are responding, see page 33 of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this proxy statement. Majority Voting The Articles and our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that directors be elected by a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election. In a contested election, directors will be elected by plurality vote. In addition, the Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that any incumbent director who fails to receive a majority of the votes cast in an election that is not a contested election, must immediately tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Board will then determine, through a process managed by the Governance/Nominating Committee, whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action shall be taken. In reaching its decision, the Governance/Nominating Committee and the Board may consider any factors they deem appropriate and relevant. The Board will act on the recommendation of the Governance/Nominating Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting and will promptly disclose the rationale for its decision in a Form 8-K furnished to the SEC. Share Ownership Guidelines The Board has adopted Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Management Directors and Officer Share Ownership Guidelines to align the interests of directors and executive officers with the interests of our shareholders. The guidelines specify a dollar value (expressed as a multiple of salary or cash retainer) of shares that executive officers and directors are expected to accumulate and hold while serving in these positions. The Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Management Directors provide that each non-management director should attain an investment position in Class A Ordinary Shares equal to five times the annual director retainer. The Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Management Directors also establish retention rules generally requiring that all shares received by a director (net of withholding, if any) pursuant to his or her service as a Board member be retained until the required investment position is attained. Compliance with the Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Management Directors is reviewed by the Board on an annual basis, and each non-management director was in compliance for 2024. Class A Ordinary Shares counted toward attainment of the Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Management Directors include shares owned outright and shares owned through trusts or entities controlled by the non-management director. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Further information on the Officer Share Ownership Guidelines for Aon s senior executives can be found in the section captioned Compensation Discussion and Analysis , which begins on page 31. Insider Trading Policy; Hedging and Pledging Shares The Board has adopted an insider trading policy (the Insider Trading Policy ) governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers, employees and other covered persons that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the listing requirements of the NYSE, which is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the Company s Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and is available on the Company s website and described in the Company s Code of Business Conduct. The Company s Insider Trading Policy specifically prohibits all directors and employees from engaging in short sales, publicly traded options, puts and calls, forward sale contracts, and other swap, hedging and derivative transactions relating to our securities. The policy also specifically prohibits our executive officers and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or pledging our securities as collateral for a loan. Clawback Policy and Forfeiture Provisions The independent members of our Board adopted a revised Incentive Repayment Policy (For Section 16 Officers) (the Clawback Policy ) providing for the Company s recoupment of certain incentive-based compensation received by Aon s executive officers in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to its material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws. The Clawback Policy complies with final rules required by the Dodd Frank Act, Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and NYSE Listing Standards. Under the Clawback Policy, in the event that we are required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirement, we will reasonably promptly recover any excess incentive-based compensation paid to our current and former executive officers based on any misstated financial reporting measure that was received during the three-year period preceding the date we are required to prepare the restatement. A copy of the Clawback Policy was filed as Exhibit 97 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Attendance at Annual General Meeting The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that directors are expected to attend the annual general meeting. Eleven of the twelve then-serving Board members as of the 2024 annual general meeting attended the 2024 annual general meeting, with one director absent due to a pre-existing conflict. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Aon has adopted a written Related Person Transaction Policy governing the review and approval of related person transactions. The terms of these procedures provide that the Governance/Nominating Committee will review transactions in which: (i) Aon is a party or participant; and (ii) any director, director nominee, executive officer, or holder of five percent (5%) or more of Aon s voting securities, an immediate family member of any such person or an entity controlled by any such person or immediate family member, has a direct or indirect material interest. To facilitate the review and approval of related person transactions, Aon s directors and executive officers complete an annual director and officer questionnaire and disclose all potential related person transactions involving themselves and their immediate family members. Throughout the year, directors and executive officers are required to notify Aon s General Counsel of any potential related person transactions of which they become aware. Aon s General Counsel reports these transactions, as well as any other related person transactions of which he is aware, to the Governance/Nominating Committee. The Governance/Nominating Committee considers all relevant facts of any related person transactions to determine whether to approve or ratify the transaction. In connection with the Company s acquisition of NFP in April 2024 for an enterprise value of $13.0 billion and in consideration for his ownership of equity interests in NFP, on April 25, 2024, Admiral Stavridis (who became a director in August 2024) and his family trust were collectively issued 4,809 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company and $74,189 in cash. Erin McHenry, the sister of Lori Goltermann, our CEO, Regions and North America, is a colleague in Aon s construction and infrastructure business. Ms. McHenry received total compensation of approximately $160,000 in 2024. There have been no other related person transactions or pending related person transactions since January 1, 2024 that require disclosure pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 26 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2024, the Compensation Committee was composed of Mr. Notebaert (Chair), Mr. lvarez, Mr. Cai, Mr. Campbell, Ms. Francis, Mr. Spruell and Dr. Woo. No member of the Compensation Committee was, during 2024 or previously, an officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In addition, during 2024, there were no Compensation Committee interlocks required to be disclosed. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the number of Class A Ordinary Shares beneficially owned as of April 11, 2025 by each of Aon s directors, nominees and NEOs and by Aon s directors and executive officers as a group. As used in this proxy statement, beneficially owned means a person has, or may have within 60 days, the sole or shared power to vote or direct the voting of a security and/or sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose or direct the disposition of a security). No shares held by Aon s directors or executive officers are pledged as security. The address of each person named in the table below is c/o Aon plc, 15 George s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Name Aggregate Number of Class A Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 1 Percent of Class 2 Directors Lester B. Knight 3 319,978 * Gregory C. Case 4 1,593,267 * Jose Antonio lvarez 536 * Jin-Yong Cai 7,418 * Jeffrey C. Campbell 11,547 * Fulvio Conti 30,862 * Cheryl A. Francis 28,220 * Adriana Karaboutis 1,532 * Richard C. Notebaert 30,487 * Gloria Santona 39,124 * Sarah E. Smith 5 1,053 * Byron O. Spruell 5,303 * James G. Stavridis 5,155 * Other NEOs Eric Andersen 177,033 * Edmund Reese 0 * Mindy Simon 1,816 * Lisa Stevens 17,022 * Christa Davies 141,705 * All directors and executive officers as a group (22 persons) 2,451,101 1.1 % (1) The directors, nominees and NEOs, and all directors and executive officers of Aon combined, have sole voting power and sole investment power over the Class A Ordinary Shares listed, except as indicated in notes (3), (4) and (5). (2) As of April 11, 2025, we had 216,034,583 Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding. (3) Includes 139,000 Class A Ordinary Shares that are beneficially owned by family partnership, 124,604 Class A Ordinary Shares owned by Mr. Knight s spouse, 39,911 Class A Ordinary Shares owned by trust, and 19,997 Class A Ordinary Shares owned by a family foundation of which Mr. Knight and his spouse are trustees. (4) Includes 536,740 Class A Ordinary Shares that are beneficially owned by trust and 585,985 Class A Ordinary Shares held by trusts for which an immediate family member serves as trustee. (5) Includes 13 Class A Ordinary Shares that are beneficially owned by trust. * An asterisk indicates that the percentage of Class A Ordinary Shares beneficially owned does not exceed 1% of our outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares. 28 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Principal Holders of Voting Securities As of April 11, 2025, the beneficial owners of 5% or more of Aon s Class A Ordinary Shares entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and known to the Company were: Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Class A Ordinary Shares Percent of Class (1) The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 17,596,572 2 8.15% BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 13,428,205 3 6.22% Massachusetts Financial Services Company 111 Huntington Avenue Boston, MA 02199 12,472,491 4 5.77% Capital World Investors 333 South Hope Street, 55 th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90071 12,142,251 5 5.62% (1) As of April 11, 2025, we had 216,034,583 Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding. (2) Based upon information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024. According to the Schedule 13G/A, The Vanguard Group is an investment adviser and has: (a) sole voting power as to no Class A Ordinary Shares; (b) shared voting power as to 249,859 Class A Ordinary Shares; (c) sole dispositive power as to 16,751,944 Class A Ordinary Shares; and (d) shared dispositive power as to 844,628 Class A Ordinary Shares. (3) Based upon information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 1, 2024. According to the Schedule 13G/A, BlackRock, Inc. is a parent holding company and has: (a) sole voting power as to 12,078,011 Class A Ordinary Shares; (b) shared voting power as to no Class A Ordinary Shares; (c) sole dispositive power as to 13,428,205 Class A Ordinary Shares; and (d) shared dispositive power as to no Class A Ordinary Shares. (4) Based upon information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2024. According to the Schedule 13G/A, Massachusetts Financial Services Company is an investment adviser and has: (a) sole voting power as to 11,557,331 Class A Ordinary Shares; (b) shared voting power as to no Class A Ordinary Shares; (c) sole dispositive power as to 12,472,491 Class A Ordinary Shares; and (d) shared dispositive power as to no Class A Ordinary Shares. (5) Based upon information contained in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 13, 2024. According to the Schedule 13G, Capital World Investors is an investment advisor and has (a) sole voting power as to 12,106,946 Class A Ordinary Shares; (b) shared voting power as to no Class A Ordinary Shares; (c) sole dispositive power as to 12,142,251 Class A Ordinary Shares; and (d) shared dispositive power as to no Class A Ordinary Shares. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Proposal 2 Advisory Resolution on Executive Compensation The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR advisory approval of the compensation of Aon s NEOs. What am I voting on? In accordance with applicable law and Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are providing shareholders with the opportunity to vote on an advisory resolution, commonly known as say on pay, approving Aon s executive compensation as reported in this proxy statement. At our 2024 annual general meeting, we provided shareholders with the opportunity to vote on an advisory resolution regarding the executive compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in the proxy statement for the 2024 annual general meeting, and shareholders approved the proposal by a vote of approximately 69% of the votes cast for . Following the results of the say on frequency vote held in 2023, we currently conduct advisory say-on-pay votes on an annual basis, and we expect to conduct our next advisory vote at our 2026 annual general meeting of shareholders. We encourage shareholders to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 31 of this proxy statement, which describes in detail how our compensation policies and procedures operate and are designed to achieve our compensation objectives of (1) directly linking the compensation of our NEOs to our performance and (2) aligning the financial interests of our NEOs with those of our shareholders. We further encourage our shareholders to refer to the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2024, 2023, and 2022, and other related tabular and narrative disclosures beginning on page 49 of this proxy statement, which provide detailed information on the compensation of our NEOs. The Board and the Compensation Committee believe that the policies and procedures articulated in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis are effective in achieving our executive compensation objectives and that the design of our compensation program and the compensation awarded to our NEOs fulfill these objectives. The form of shareholder resolution for this proposal is below. RESOLVED THAT, the shareholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers as described in the proxy statement for the 2025 Annual General Meeting of the Company under Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation, including the tabular and narrative disclosure contained in the proxy statement. Is this vote binding on the Board? As this vote is advisory, it will not be binding upon the Board or the Compensation Committee, and neither the Board nor the Compensation Committee will be required to take any action (or refrain from taking any action) as a result of the outcome of the vote on this proposal. The Compensation Committee will review and consider the outcome of the vote in connection with the ongoing review of Aon s executive compensation programs. 30 2025 Aon Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes our executive compensation program for our Named Executive Officers (each an NEO and collectively the NEOs ), who are listed below, for 2024. We recommend that you read this section in conjunction with the executive compensation tables and corresponding footnotes that follow, as it provides context for the amounts shown in the tables and the footnote disclosures. Name Role Gregory C. Case President and Chief Executive Officer Edmund Reese (1) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Christa Davies (2) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Former) Eric Andersen (3) President (Former) Lisa Stevens Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Mindy Simon Chief Operating Officer (1) Mr. Reese was appointed to his role effective July 29, 2024. (2) On April 1, 2024, Ms. Davies notified the Company of her intention to retire from the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Davies served as Chief Financial Officer until July 29, 2024, and is serving as a senior advisor until May 31, 2026. (3) On March 14, 2025, the Company announced Mr. Andersen s removal from the role of President and transition to senior advisor through June 30, 2026. Executive Summary Who We Are Aon exists to shape decisions for the better to protect and enrich the lives of people around the world. Through actionable analytic insight, globally integrated Risk Capital and Human Capital expertise, and locally relevant solutions, our colleagues provide clients in over 120 countries with the clarity and confidence to make better risk and people decisions that protect and grow their businesses. 2024 Business Highlights In assessing our performance, we focus on four non-GAAP metrics that we communicate to shareholders: organic revenue growth, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow. Management believes that these measures are important to make meaningful period-to-period comparisons and that this supplemental information is helpful to investors. Management also uses these measures to assess our operating performance and performance for purposes of our compensation program. These non-GAAP metrics should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP metrics to the most directly comparable GAAP metrics is set forth in Appendix A to this proxy statement. In 2024, we delivered strong performance across each of these four metrics: Total revenue growth was 17%, reflecting acquired revenues from NFP, which acquisition closed during 2024, and our 6% organic revenue growth, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. Operating margin was 24.4% and adjusted operating margin was 31.5% in 2024, driven primarily by the addition of NFP and an increase in operating expenses, partially offset by 6% organic revenue growth and $110 million of net restructuring savings. Diluted earnings per share was $12.49 per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $15.60 per share in 2024. Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 12% to $3.0 billion in 2024 compared to the prior year, due to higher cash taxes, and payments related to restructuring, legal settlement expenses, and transaction and integration costs, partially offset by strong adjusted operating income growth and working capital improvements. Free cash flow decreased 11% to $2.8 billion in 2024 compared to the prior year, reflecting a decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities, partially offset by a $34 million decrease in capital expenditures as spend in the prior year was elevated. 2025 Aon Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents Performing at the levels described above allows us to continue to execute our capital allocation model, which balances high-return investments in growth and capital return to shareholders. During 2024, we completed the acquisition of NFP, meaningfully expanding our presence in the fast-growing middle market segment. We also returned $1.6 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, highlighting our strong free cash flow generation and effective allocation of capital. Our consistent focus on the four key financial metrics described above and our disciplined approach to capital allocation has helped drive meaningful total shareholder returns throughout the tenure of our senior management team. Specifically, during Mr. Case s leadership, which began in April 2005, our average annual total shareholder return has been approximately 16%, compared to the return of the benchmark Standard Poor s (the S P ) 500 of approximately 8% and approximately 13% for our industry peer averages (Arthur J. Gallagher Co., Brown Brown, Inc., Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc., and Willis Towers Watson plc). We believe we are well positioned to drive long-term value creation by delivering sustainable organic revenue growth, consistent earnings growth, and strong free cash flow generation. We compensate our senior executives through incentive plans that measure both long-term and short-term performance. Our regular long-term incentive plan (described in this CD A under Long-Term Leadership Performance Program Under Our Shareholder-Approved Plan or LPP ) is based on cumulative adjusted diluted earnings per share, a measure driven by operational performance and capital management, across overlapping three-year performance periods. Our short-term incentive plan (described in this CD A under Annual Incentive Awards Under Our Shareholder-Approved Plan ) is primarily based on adjusted operating income, a measure driven by operating margin and organic revenue growth, as well as a people and culture component, which assesses the Company s progress against pre-defined workplace objectives. We achieved strong results across these metrics, which were the key performance measures under our 2022-2024 long-term 