=== AON_2026-02-13.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The risk factors set forth below reflect risks associated with our existing and potential businesses and the industries in which we operate generally and contain “forward-looking statements” as discussed in the “Business” Section of Part I, Item 1 of this report. Readers should consider these risks in addition to the other information contained in this report because our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected if any of these risks were to actually occur and the occurrence of such risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in or implied by the forward-looking statements in this document and elsewhere. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks associated with our businesses and the industries in which we operate generally as described in more detail in this report. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors immediately following this summary as well as the other information in this report. Risks Related to Our Business • An overall decline in economic and business activity could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of our business. • We face significant competitive pressures from traditional and non-traditional competitors that could affect our business. • If we are unable to effectively develop and implement innovative strategies, efficiencies and new solutions for our clients, our reputation, ability to compete effectively and financial condition may be adversely affected. 9 • If our clients are not satisfied with our services, we may face additional cost, loss of profit opportunities, damage to our reputation, or legal liability. • Revenues from commission arrangements may fluctuate due to many factors, including cyclical or permanent changes in the insurance and reinsurance markets outside of our control. • The profitability of our operations may not meet our expectations due to unexpected costs, cost overruns, inflation, early contract terminations, unrealized assumptions used in our contract bidding process or the inability to maintain our prices. Financial Risks • We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. Similarly, changes in interest rates and deterioration of credit quality could reduce the value of our cash balances and investment portfolios and adversely affect our financial condition or results. • We have debt outstanding that could adversely affect our financial flexibility. In addition, a decline in the credit ratings of our senior debt and commercial paper may adversely affect our borrowing costs, access to capital, and financial flexibility. • Our tax assets and liabilities are subject to a variety of different factors, including the adoption and implementation of OECD tax proposals, which could create volatility in our global effective tax rate, expose us to greater than anticipated tax liabilities or cause us to adjust previously recognized tax assets and liabilities. • We are a holding company and, therefore, may not be able to receive dividends or other payments in needed amounts from our subsidiaries. Legal and Regulatory Risks • We are subject to E&O claims against us as well as other contingencies and legal proceedings, some of which, if determined unfavorably to us, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. • Our businesses are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which could reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or subject us to legal and regulatory actions. • Failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, could harm our reputation, ability to compete effectively, and financial condition. Operational Risks • Natural or human-caused disasters could result in declines in business and increases in claims that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. • Our success depends on our ability to retain, attract and develop experienced and qualified personnel, including our senior management team and other personnel. • We may not recognize all of the expected benefits from our Accelerating Aon United program and other operational improvement initiatives. Risks Related to Technology, Cybersecurity, and Data Protection • We rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. Any significant system or network disruption due to a breach in the security of our information technology systems could have a negative impact on our reputation, operations, sales, and operating results. • Improper disclosure of confidential, personal, or proprietary data could result in regulatory scrutiny, legal liability, or harm to our reputation. • Regulation in the areas of data privacy, data protection, data management, data transfer, data localization, artificial intelligence, and cybersecurity could increase our costs and affect or limit our business opportunities. Risks Related to Being an Irish-incorporated Company • We are incorporated in Ireland, and Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the U.S. and may afford less protection to holders of our securities. 10 • As an Irish public limited company, certain capital structure decisions regarding the Company will require the approval of shareholders, which may limit the Company’s flexibility to manage its capital structure. • Irish law requires us to have available “distributable profits” to pay dividends to shareholders and generally to make share repurchases and redemptions. Risks Related to Our Business An overall decline in economic and business activity could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of our business. The results of our operations are generally affected by the level of business activity of our clients, which in turn is affected by the economy of the industries and markets these clients serve. Economic downturns, volatility, or uncertainty in the broader economy or in specific markets (including as a result of endemics or pandemics, climate change, political unrest, actions by governments and central banks, or otherwise) have caused in the past and may in the future cause reductions in technology and discretionary spending by our clients, which may result in reductions in the growth of new business or reductions in existing business. If our clients become financially less stable, enter bankruptcy, liquidate their operations or consolidate, our revenues and collectability of receivables could be adversely affected. The demand for property and casualty insurance generally rises as the overall level of economic activity increases and generally falls as such activity decreases, affecting both the commissions and fees generated by our Risk Capital segment. The economic activity that impacts property and casualty insurance is most closely correlated with employment levels, corporate revenues, and asset values. Downward fluctuations in the year-over-year insurance premiums charged by insurers to protect against the same risk, referred to in the industry as softening of the insurance market, has and could adversely affect these businesses as a significant portion of our revenue is determined as a percentage of premiums charged to our clients. In addition, certain discretionary services within our business, such as our talent advisory services, project-related work within our Commercial Risk, Health, and Wealth solution lines, and transaction services, may see a decrease in activity if the overall level of economic activity results in a reduction to our clients’ discretionary spending. Insolvencies and consolidations associated with an economic downturn, especially insolvencies in the insurance industry, could adversely affect our brokerage business through the loss of clients by hampering our ability to place insurance and reinsurance business. Also, error and omission claims against us, which we refer to as E&O claims, may increase in economic downturns or due to natural or human-caused disasters, also adversely affecting our business. In addition, decreased underwriting capacity for insurance and reinsurance may create difficulty for our professionals to place business, which may adversely impact our ability to earn revenue. We face significant competitive pressures from traditional and non-traditional competitors that could affect our business. As a global professional services firm, we compete with a broad variety of firms, including global, national, regional, and local insurance companies that market and service their own products, other financial services providers, brokers, and investment managers, independent firms, and consulting organizations affiliated with accounting, information systems, technology, and human resources consulting firms. We compete with respect to service, delivery of insights, product features, price, commission structure, technology, financial strength, ability to access certain insurance markets, and name recognition. Our competitors may have better financial, technical and marketing resources, broader customer bases, greater name recognition, more comprehensive products, stronger presence in certain geographies, or more established relationships with their customers and suppliers than we have. Alliances or mergers among competitors could also affect our business. Further, we compete on pricing and the innovation and quality of our service offerings, which could be affected by competitors’ lower cost structures, product development activities, and pricing policies, any or all of which could result in better market acceptance of our competitors’ offerings than those that we offer or develop. This competition is further intensified by an industry trend where clients elect to engage multiple brokers to service different portions of their accounts. If we fail to respond successfully to the evolving competition we face, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. If we are unable to effectively develop and implement innovative strategies, efficiencies and new solutions for our clients, our reputation, ability to compete effectively and financial condition may be adversely affected. Developing and implementing innovative strategies, efficient business practices, and new solutions to current and emerging client needs is important to our business. We may be unsuccessful in developing innovative strategies, or our competitors may be more successful in innovating and delivering services to meet new and existing client needs. Competitors may be able to innovate faster and respond better to evolving client demand and industry conditions, or may price their products in a more attractive manner. Further, new and non- traditional competitors (including “InsurTech” firms utilizing artificial intelligence or 11 other advanced technologies), our clients’ increasing ability and determination to self-insure, and capital market alternatives to traditional insurance and reinsurance markets create an even more dynamic, competitive, and innovative market environment that could affect our business. If we are unsuccessful in innovating, if we cannot innovate as quickly as our competitors, if we are not able to make sufficient investment in innovation, if new or existing competitors develop more cost-effective or efficient technologies or cause disintermediation (including through the use of artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies), or if our ideas are not accepted in the marketplace, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain and complete client engagements or on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, we have invested significantly in Aon Business Services and the development of proprietary data and analytics tools including repositories of our global insurance and reinsurance placement information, which we use to help drive results for our clients in the insurance and reinsurance placement process. Our competitors have developed or are developing competing data and analytics tools, and their success in this space may impact our ability to differentiate our own data and analytics tools. Innovations in software, cloud computing, data and analytics, generative and agentic artificial intelligence, or other technologies that alter how our services are delivered could significantly undermine our investment in the business if we are slow to innovate or unable to take advantage of these developments. In addition, innovation in the technology we leverage in our products and business processes, our capabilities, the sources of capital for our clients’ insurance and reinsurance needs, and the entry into new lines of business, services, or products require significant investment and present additional risks to our business, particularly in instances where the technologies and markets are new or developing or where we are new participants in such markets. Such risks include without limitation the investment of significant time and resources; the possibility that these efforts will not be successful or result in reputational damage to us; the possibility that the marketplace does not accept our products or services or that we are unable to retain clients that adopt our new products or services; the risk that our governance process and controls in these new areas may not be effective or consistent with legal, regulatory, or client requirements or expectations and the risk of new or additional liabilities associated with these efforts, including potential E&O or other claims. For example, we continue to invest in artificial intelligence, particularly in generative artificial intelligence tools, and maintain governance and oversight measures regarding its use. Certain use cases of artificial intelligence in our business processes could pose strategic, operational, legal, ethical, regulatory or reputational risks where there may be incorrect outputs or bias in those systems or processes, potential infringement of intellectual property rights, exposure of proprietary or personal information, heightened cybersecurity risks and challenges in safely deploying, governing or controlling artificial intelligence systems or where there is inadequate human oversight. If our clients are not satisfied with our services, we may face additional cost, loss of profit opportunities, damage to our reputation, or legal liability. We depend, to a large extent, on our relationships with our clients and our reputation for high-quality advice and solutions. If a client is not satisfied with our services, it could cause us to incur additional costs and impair profitability, or lose the client relationship altogether. Moreover, if we fail to meet our contractual, statutory, common law or fiduciary obligations, we could be subject to legal liability or loss of client relationships. The nature of much of our work involves assumptions and estimates concerning future events, the actual outcome of which we cannot know with certainty in advance. For example, in our investment businesses, we may be measured based on our track record regarding judgments and advice on investments that are susceptible to influences unknown at the time the advice was given. In addition, we could make computational, software programming, or data entry or management errors. Clients have claimed and may in the future claim they have suffered losses due to reliance on our consulting advice, analysis, or reporting, which poses risks of liability exposure and costs of defense and increased insurance premiums. Many of our clients are businesses that actively share information among themselves about the quality of service they receive from their vendors. Adverse statements or claims from clients (including clients in the public sector or whose activities are frequently covered by the press) may receive media attention or other publicity. Accordingly, poor service to, or the adverse opinion of, one client may negatively impact our relationships with multiple other clients. Damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business. We advise our clients on and provide services related to a wide range of subjects and our ability to attract and retain clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, financial condition, and other subjective qualities. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters or others could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients and existing and future employees, which could make it difficult for us to attract new clients and employees and retain existing ones. Negative public opinion could also result from actual or alleged conduct by us or those currently or formerly associated with us. Damage to our reputation, including as a result of negative perceptions or publicity regarding a particular business partner, class of business, environmental matters, climate change, workforce make-up, pay equity, harassment, social justice, cybersecurity, data privacy and data protection, use of artificial intelligence or innovative technology, or our inability to meet commitments or client and stakeholder expectations 12 with respect to such matters, could affect the confidence of our clients, rating agencies, regulators, stockholders, employees and third parties in transactions that are important to our business adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and operating results. Revenues from commission arrangements may fluctuate due to many factors, including cyclical or permanent changes in the insurance and reinsurance markets outside of our control. Revenues from commission arrangements have historically been affected by significant fluctuations arising from uncertainties and changes in the industries in which we operate. A significant portion of our revenue consists of commissions paid to us out of the premiums that insurers and reinsurers charge our clients for coverage. We have no control over premium rates, and our revenues and profitability are subject to change to the extent that premium rates fluctuate or trend in a particular direction. The potential for changes in premium rates is significant, due to pricing cyclicality in the insurance and reinsurance markets. In addition to movements in premium rates, our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue has been and could in the future be challenged by: • the growing availability of alternative methods for clients to meet their risk-protection needs, including a greater willingness on the part of corporations to “self-insure,” the use of so-called “captive” insurers, and the development of capital markets-based solutions and other alternative capital sources for traditional insurance and reinsurance needs that increase market capacity, increase competition, and put pressure on premiums; • decreases in available underwriting capacity for insurance and reinsurance; • fluctuation in the need for, or relevancy of, insurance; • the level of compensation, as a percentage of premium, that insurance carriers are willing to compensate brokers for placement activity; • the growing desire of clients to move away from variable commission rates and instead compensate brokers based upon flat fees, which can negatively impact us as fees are not consistently indexed for inflation and therefore, may not offer the same financial performance; • competition from insurers seeking to sell their products directly to consumers, including online sales, without the involvement of an insurance broker; and • the growing number of technology-enabled competitors offering new risk-transfer solutions that eliminate the traditional broker-client relationship in both insurance and reinsurance markets. The profitability of our operations may not meet our expectations due to unexpected costs, cost overruns, inflation, early contract terminations, unrealized assumptions used in our contract bidding process or the inability to maintain our prices. Our profitability is highly dependent upon our ability to control our costs and improve our efficiency. As we adapt to changes in our business and the market, adapt to the regulatory environment, enter into new engagements, acquire additional businesses, and take on new employees in new locations, we may not be able to manage our large, changing workforce, effectively control our costs, or improve our efficiency. Our profit margin, and therefore our profitability, is largely a function of the revenue generated from our services and the staffing costs for our personnel and related expenses. Accordingly, if we are not able to maintain the rates we charge for our services or appropriately manage the staffing costs of our personnel and related expenses, we may not be able to sustain our profit margin and our profitability will suffer. The prices we are able to charge for our services are affected by a number of factors, including competitive factors, the extent of ongoing clients’ perception of our ability to add value through our services, and general economic conditions. If we cannot drive suitable cost efficiencies, our profit margins will suffer. Our cost efficiencies may also be impacted by factors such as our ability to transition consultants from completed projects to new assignments, to secure new business, to forecast demand for our services (and, consequently, appropriately manage the size and location of our workforce), to develop, attract and retain suitable capabilities and talent, to obtain third party services at favorable prices, and to manage key suppliers to maximize delivery; product and efficiency opportunities; inflation (including wage inflation); and the need to devote time and resources to training and professional and business development. 13 Financial Risks We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. We face exposure to adverse movements in exchange rates of currencies other than our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, as a significant portion of our business is located outside of the U.S. These exposures may change over time, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. Appro ximatel y 51.8% of o ur consolidated revenue is non-U.S., attributed on the basis of where the services are performed, and where products are sold, and the exposures created can have significant currency volatility. These currency exchange fluctuations create risk in both the translation of the financial results of our global subsidiaries into U.S. dollars for our consolidated financial statements, as well as in those of our operations that receive revenue and incur expenses other than in their respective local currencies, which can reduce the profitability of our operations based on the direction the respective currencies’ exchange rates move. A decrease in the value of certain currencies relative to other currencies could place us at a relative disadvantage compared to our competitors that benefit to a greater degree from a specific exchange rate move and can, as a result, deliver services at a lower cost or receive greater revenues from such a transaction. Although we use various derivative financial instruments to limit the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, we cannot eliminate such risks, and, as a result, changes in exchange rates may adversely affect our results. For example, the strengthening of the value of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies may adversely affect the value of our products and services when translated to U.S. dollar, even if the value of such products and services has not changed in their original currency. Changes in interest rates and deterioration of credit quality could reduce the value of our cash balances and investment portfolios and adversely affect our financial condition or results. Operating funds available for corporate use were $2.8 billion at December 31, 2025 and are reported in Cash and cash equivalents and Short-term investments. Of the total balance, $180 million was restricted to its use as of December 31, 2025. Funds held on behalf of clients and insurers were $7.4 billion at December 31, 2025 and are reported in Fiduciary assets. We also carry an investment portfolio of other long-term investments. As of December 31, 2025, these long-term investments had a carrying value of $192 million. Adverse changes in interest rates, performance, and counterparty credit quality, including default, could reduce the value of these funds and investments, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition or results. We may experience reduced investment earnings on our cash and short-term investments of fiduciary and operating funds if the yields on investments deemed to be low risk fall below their current levels, or if negative yields on deposits or investments are experienced, as we have experienced in Japan and certain jurisdictions in the E.U. On the other hand, higher interest rates could result in a higher discount rate used by investors to value our future cash flows thereby resulting in a lower valuation of the Company. In addition, during times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial losses for us as a result of our cash or other investments with such counterparties, as well as substantial losses for our clients and the insurance companies with which we work. Our pension obligations and value of our pension assets could adversely affect our shareholders’ equity, net income, cash flow, and liquidity. To the extent that the pension obligations associated with our pension plans continue to exceed the fair value of the assets supporting those obligations, our financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. In particular, lower interest rates and investment returns could result in the present value of plan liabilities increasing at a greater rate than the value of plan assets, resulting in higher unfunded positions in our pension plans. In addition, the periodic revision of pension assumptions or variances of actual results from our assumptions can materially change the present value of expected future benefits, and therefore the funded status of the plans and resulting net periodic pension expense. As a result, we may experience future changes in the funded status of our plans that could require us to make additional cash contributions beyond those that have been estimated and which could adversely affect shareholders’ equity, net income, cash flow and liquidity. Our worldwide pension plans are significant, and therefore our pension contributions and expense are sensitive to various market, demographic, and other factors. These factors include equity and bond market returns, fair value of pension assets, the assumed interest rates we use to discount our pension liabilities, foreign exchange rates, rates of inflation, mortality assumptions, potential regulatory and legal changes or developments, and counterparty exposure from various investments and derivative contracts, including annuities. Variations or developments in connection with any of these factors could cause significant changes to our financial position and results of operations from year to year. In addition, contributions are generally based on statutory requirements and local funding practices, which may differ from measurements under U.S. GAAP. 14 We have debt outstanding that could adversely affect our financial flexibility. As of December 31, 2025, we had total consolidated debt outstanding of approxim ately $15.2 billion. T he level of debt outstanding could adversely affect our financial flexibility by reducing our ability to use cash from operations for other purposes, including working capital, dividends to shareholders, share repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. We also are subject to risks that, at the time any of our outstanding debt matures, we will not be able to retire or refinance the debt on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. As of December 31, 2025, we had two primary committed credit facilities outstanding. The credit facilities are intended to support our commercial paper obligations and our general working capital needs. In addition, each of our committed credit facilities included customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including financial covenants that require us to maintain specified ratios of adjusted consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense and consolidated debt to adjusted consolidated EBITDA, tested quarterly. A substantial portion of our outstanding debt, including certain intercompany debt obligations, contains financial and other covenants. The terms of these covenants may limit our ability to obtain, or increase the costs of obtaining, additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or general corporate requirements. This in turn may impact our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, thereby placing us at a relative disadvantage compared to competitors that have less indebtedness, or fewer or less onerous covenants associated with such indebtedness, and making us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions. If we cannot service our indebtedness or continue to meet the terms of our financial covenants, we may have to take actions such as selling assets, seeking additional equity, or reducing or delaying capital expenditures, strategic acquis

=== AON_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The risk factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 reflect certain risks associated with existing and potential lines of business and contain “forward-looking statements” as discussed in “Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” elsewhere in this report. Readers should consider them in addition to the other information contained in this report as our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected if any of these risks actually occur. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following information relates to the purchase of equity securities by Aon or any affiliated purchaser during each month within the first quarter of 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1)(2) 1/1/26 - 1/31/26 — $ — — $ 1,317,276,106 2/1/26 - 2/28/26 1,118,981 $ 318.89 1,118,981 $ 960,446,469 3/1/26 - 3/31/26 430,763 $ 332.36 430,763 $ 817,278,427 1,549,744 $ 322.63 1,549,744 $ 817,278,427 (1) Does not include commissions paid to repurchase shares. (2) The Repurchase Program was established in April 2012 with $5.0 billion in authorized repurchases and was increased by $5.0 billion in authorized repurchases in each of November 2014, June 2017, and November 2020, and by $7.5 billion in February 2022 for a total of $27.5 billion in repurchase authorizations. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities We did not make any unregistered sales of equity in the first quarter of 2026. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not Applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information Not Applicable . Item 6. Exhibits Exhibits — The exhibits filed with this report are listed on the attached Exhibit Index. 48 Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Aon plc (Registrant) May 1, 2026 By: /s/ David DeBrunner David DeBrunner SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, GLOBAL CONTROLLER AND CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER (Principal Accounting Officer and duly authorized officer of Registrant) 49 Exhibit Index Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Aon plc, Randolph Acquisition Corp., Randolph Merger Sub LLC, NFP Intermediate Holdings A. Corp and NFP Parent Co, LLC, dated as of December 19, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Aon’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2023). 3.1 Memorandum and Articles of Association of Aon plc ( i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Aon’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021) . 10.1# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2025, by and among Aon plc, Aon Corporation and Gregory C. Case (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aon’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 2, 2026). 10.2# Performance Share Unit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2025, by and between Aon plc and Gregory C. Case (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Aon’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 2, 2026). 10.3# Separation Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2026, by and between Aon Corporation and Eric Andersen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aon’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2026). 10.4# Employment Agreement, dated January 2, 2026, between Aon Corporation and Andy Marcell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to Aon’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2026). 22.1* Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 31.1* Certification of CEO. 31.2* Certification of CFO. 32.1** Certification of CEO Pursuant to section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 32.2** Certification of CFO Pursuant to section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 101* Interactive Data Files. The following materials are filed electronically with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 50 