=== ABBV_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating AbbVie and AbbVie's common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect AbbVie's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The risk factors generally have been separated into two groups: risks related to AbbVie's business and risks related to AbbVie's common stock. Based on the information currently known to it, AbbVie believes that the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting it in each of these categories of risks. However, the risks and uncertainties AbbVie faces are not limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below and may not be in order of importance or probability of occurrence. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to AbbVie or that AbbVie currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In such case, the trading price of AbbVie's common stock could decline. 2025 Form 10-K | 14 Risks Related to AbbVie's Business The expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses, including the loss of exclusivity for any of our products and increased competition from generics and biosimilars, may adversely affect AbbVie's revenues and operating earnings. AbbVie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of its products. In particular, patent protection is, in the aggregate, important in AbbVie's marketing of pharmaceutical products in the United States and most major markets outside of the United States. Patents covering AbbVie products normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the profitability of many of AbbVie's products. As patents for certain of its products expire, AbbVie could face competition from lower priced generic or biosimilar products. The expiration or loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by substitutes that may significantly reduce sales for that product in a short amount of time. If AbbVie's competitive position is compromised because of generics, biosimilars or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's business and results of operations. In addition, proposals emerge from time to time for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs or biosimilars. Any such proposals that are enacted into law could increase the impact of generic or biosimilar competition. Large pharmaceutical companies and generics manufacturers of pharmaceutical products continue to expand into the biotechnology field and form partnerships to pursue biosimilars. Companies have developed and are developing biosimilars that compete with AbbVie’s biologic products. As competitors obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing AbbVie’s biologic products, AbbVie’s products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. Expiration of or successful challenges to AbbVie’s applicable patent rights could also trigger competition from other products, assuming any relevant exclusivity period has expired. As a result, AbbVie could face increased litigation and administrative proceedings with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to its biologic products. A significant portion of AbbVie's revenues and operating earnings are derived from two major products. Specifically, Skyrizi and Rinvoq each represented greater than 10% of AbbVie's total net revenues and, in aggregate, these products accounted for approximately 42% of total net revenues in 2025. AbbVie's principal patents and trademarks are described in greater detail in Item 1, "Business—Intellectual Property Protection and Regulatory Exclusivity" and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations," and litigation regarding these patents is described in Item 3, "Legal Proceedings." AbbVie's major products could lose patent protection earlier than expected, which could adversely affect AbbVie's revenues and operating earnings. Third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent AbbVie's patents and patent applications. For example, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products file, and may continue to file, Abbreviated New Drug Applications with the FDA seeking to market generic forms of AbbVie's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by AbbVie by asserting that the patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. In addition, petitioners have filed, and may continue to file, challenges to the validity of AbbVie's patents under the 2011 Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, which created inter partes review and post grant review procedures for challenging patent validity in administrative proceedings at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Although most of the challenges to AbbVie's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments have and are expected to also challenge intellectual property rights. For example, court decisions and potential legislation relating to patents, such as legislation regarding biosimilars, and other regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection. In addition, certain governments outside the United States have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be sought to further their domestic policies or on the basis of national emergencies, such as HIV/AIDS. If triggered, compulsory licenses may diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those jurisdictions and negatively affect AbbVie's results of operations. AbbVie normally responds to challenges by vigorously defending its patents, including by filing patent infringement lawsuits. Patent litigation, administrative proceedings and other challenges to AbbVie's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive AbbVie of market exclusivity for a patented product. To the extent AbbVie's intellectual property is successfully challenged, circumvented or weakened, or to the extent such intellectual property does not allow AbbVie to compete effectively, AbbVie's business will suffer. To the extent that countries do not enforce AbbVie's intellectual property rights or require compulsory licensing of AbbVie's intellectual property, AbbVie's revenues and operating earnings will be reduced. 15 | 2025 Form 10-K A third party's intellectual property may prevent AbbVie from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's profitability and financial condition. Third parties may claim that an AbbVie product infringes upon their intellectual property. In addition, in its pursuit of valid business opportunities, AbbVie may be required to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that it believes were improperly granted. Resolving an intellectual property infringement or other claim can be costly and time consuming and may require AbbVie to enter into license agreements. AbbVie cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject AbbVie to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected AbbVie product or products. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's profitability and financial condition. AbbVie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing products and technologies that can be successfully commercialized, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, AbbVie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products. Such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's revenue and profitability. Accordingly, AbbVie commits substantial effort, funds and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process, including after significant resources have been invested. Products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including, but not limited to, failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standards of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture or the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. Decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a pharmaceutical product candidate can affect the marketing strategy once such candidate receives regulatory approval. More detailed studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they also consume time and resources and may delay submitting the pharmaceutical product candidate for regulatory approval. AbbVie cannot guarantee that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made with respect to each pharmaceutical product candidate or that decisions in this area would not adversely affect AbbVie's results of operations. Even if AbbVie successfully develops and markets new products or enhancements to its existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. AbbVie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. AbbVie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. Failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause AbbVie's products to become obsolete, causing AbbVie's revenues and operating results to suffer. AbbVie is subject to cost-containment efforts and pricing pressures that could cause a reduction in revenues and operating earnings, and changes in the terms of rebate and chargeback programs, which are common in the pharmaceuticals industry, could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's operations. Cost-containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in Item 1, "Business—Regulation—Commercialization, Distribution and Manufacturing." To the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater demand, increased patient access to health care, or other factors, AbbVie's revenues and operating earnings will be reduced. In the United States, European Union member states and other countries, AbbVie's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing, and this pressure could increase in the future. AbbVie is subject to increasing public and legislative pressure with respect to pharmaceutical pricing. In the United States, practices of managed care organizations, and institutional and governmental purchasers, as well as federal laws and regulations related to Medicare and Medicaid, contribute to pricing pressures. In particular, the IRA will have the effect of reducing prices and reimbursements for certain of our products, which could significantly impact AbbVie’s results of operations. Under the IRA, HHS can effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. Generally, these government prices can apply as soon as nine years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their FDA approval and will be capped at a statutory ceiling price that is likely to represent a significant discount from average prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. In August 2023, HHS, through CMS, 2025 Form 10-K | 16 selected Imbruvica as one of 10 medicines subject to government-set prices in Medicare Part D beginning January 1, 2026, and in January 2025, selected Vraylar and Linzess as two of 15 medicines subject to government-set prices in Medicare Part D beginning January 1, 2027. In January 2026, Botox was selected as one of 15 medicines subject to government-set prices in Medicare Parts B and D beginning January 1, 2028. It is possible that more of our products, including products that generate substantial revenues, could be selected in future years, which could, among other things, accelerate revenue erosion prior to expiration of intellectual property protections. In addition, beginning in January 2025, under the IRA, the 70% coverage gap discount program was replaced by a 10% manufacturer discount for all Medicare Part D beneficiaries that have met their deductible and incurred out of pocket drug costs below a $2,000 threshold and a 20% discount for beneficiaries that have incurred out of pocket drug costs above the $2,000 threshold under the new Part D benefit redesign. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties, which could be significant. The IRA has and will continue to meaningfully impact AbbVie’s business strategies and those of others in the pharmaceutical industry. The full impact of the IRA on AbbVie’s business and the pharmaceutical industry, including the implications to us of our or a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain. In addition to the pricing mechanisms established under the IRA, governments and other payers may pursue or implement additional approaches intended to reduce pharmaceutical costs, including arrangements or frameworks that reference international prices, most-favored-nation (MFN) concepts, or other comparative pricing methodologies. Such approaches may be implemented through legislation, regulation, administrative action, negotiated arrangements, or other means, and their scope, structure, and application may continue to evolve. In January 2026, AbbVie entered into a voluntary agreement with the United States government to provide certain pricing concessions and U.S.-based research and development and capital investments in exchange for exemptions from tariffs and future pricing mandates during the three-year agreement period. In addition, our pricing concessions and expansion of direct-to-patient offerings may subject AbbVie to new pricing or reimbursement policies that could affect our commercial performance. Where pricing arrangements incorporate MFN, reference pricing, or similar concepts, AbbVie’s realized pricing, revenues, or commercial flexibility could be affected by factors outside of AbbVie’s control, including changes in applicable policies, methodologies, guidance, or related pricing regimes, as well as interactions with other governmental or private-sector pricing and reimbursement programs. Such arrangements could also influence pricing expectations or negotiations in other markets or with other payers. AbbVie continues to evaluate the impact that pricing and cost-containment related policy developments may have on the company. The potential for continuing changes to the health care system in the United States and the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid and private sector beneficiaries, including pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) and managed care organizations may result in additional pricing pressures and formulary restrictions that limit patient access to our products. For further discussion of PBM formulary practices and their impact on pricing and patient access, see "Pharmacy benefit managers and other supply chain intermediaries exert significant influence over pricing and patient access to our products" below. In major markets worldwide, governments play a significant role in funding health care services and determining the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products. Consequently, in those markets, AbbVie is subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. In particular, many European countries have ongoing government-mandated price reductions for many pharmaceutical products, and AbbVie anticipates continuing pricing pressures in Europe. Differences between countries' pricing regulations could lead to third-party cross-border trading in AbbVie's products that results in a reduction in revenues and operating earnings. Rebates related to government programs, such as fee-for-service Medicaid or Medicaid managed care programs, arise from laws and regulations. AbbVie cannot predict with certainty whether additional government initiatives to contain health care costs or other factors could lead to new or modified regulatory or contractual requirements that include higher or incremental rebates, discounts or other price concessions. Other rebate and discount programs arise from contractual agreements with private payers , including PBMs and managed care organizations . Various factors, including market factors, consolidation among PBMs and the ability of private payers to control patient access to products, including through formulary management and utilization controls, may provide payers the leverage to negotiate higher or additional rebates or discounts that could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's operations. Pharmacy benefit managers and other supply chain intermediaries exert significant influence over pricing and patient access to our products, which could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Consolidation and vertical integration among PBMs, managed care organizations and other supply chain intermediaries has increased their purchasing power and ability to influence formulary placement and reimbursement levels. A limited number of these entities negotiate pricing, rebates and patient access terms on behalf of health plans and government programs that cover a significant portion of insured patients in the United States. 17 | 2025 Form 10-K These entities employ formulary management and utilization tools, including formulary exclusions, step therapy requirements, prior authorization protocols and tiered placement decisions, that could limit or delay patient access to our products, potentially increase patient cost-sharing and/or shift utilization to competing therapies. Unfavorable formulary decisions and increased utilization management restrictions could reduce prescription volumes and adversely affect our revenues. Further changes in formulary placement or access restrictions implemented by these intermediaries could occur with limited advance notice and may be difficult to predict or mitigate. PBM business practices, rebate structures and pricing arrangements are also subject to change as a result of enforcement actions, regulatory settlements, legislation or other government actions. Government-mandated changes to PBM rebate methodologies, formulary design or pricing transparency practices could affect our contractual arrangements with PBMs, alter manufacturer-PBM economic relationships or shift costs to manufacturers. Additionally, these entities may negotiate higher or additional rebates, discounts, administrative fees or other price concessions that could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. A portion of AbbVie's near-term pharmaceutical pipeline relies on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sale of its products. AbbVie depends on alliances and joint ventures with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline. Failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to AbbVie, or any disruption in the relationships between AbbVie and these third parties, could have an adverse effect on AbbVie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. In addition, AbbVie's collaborative relationships for research and development extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of AbbVie and its collaboration partners, including the ownership of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. Such disputes could result in AbbVie's loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical products, affect the effective sale and delivery of AbbVie's commercialized products and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation, administrative proceedings or arbitration. Biologics carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on AbbVie's business and results of operations. The successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. There are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. For example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited and current governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. In addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. As a result, manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. Such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. Biologics are also frequently costly to manufacture because production inputs are derived from living animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically. Failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture and sell biologics—including Skyrizi, Botox, Humira and Creon —could have a negative impact on AbbVie's business and results of operations. Trade restrictions, tariffs, and other changes in global trade policy could increase costs, disrupt supply chains, and adversely affect AbbVie’s business and results of operations. AbbVie operates in a global environment and relies on complex international supply chains for the development, manufacture, and distribution of its products, including the sourcing of active pharmaceutical ingredients and key materials. Changes in global trade policy, including the potential imposition of import or export tariffs, trade restrictions, or other measures affecting pharmaceutical products or related inputs, could increase manufacturing and procurement costs, reduce margins or disrupt supply continuity. If AbbVie is unable to substantially mitigate or offset increased costs or disruptions resulting from such measures through pricing adjustments, operational changes, or alternative sourcing arrangements, it may have an adverse effect on AbbVie’s business and results of operations. New products and technological advances by AbbVie's competitors may negatively affect AbbVie's results of operations. AbbVie competes with other research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that research, develop, manufacture, market and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. All of these competitors may introduce new products or develop technological advances that compete with AbbVie’s products in therapeutic areas such as immunology, neuroscience, oncology and aesthetics. In addition, as AbbVie products lose exclusivity, competition surrounding such products will increase and generic and biosimilar products will increasingly penetrate the markets. Furthermore, consolidation 2025 Form 10-K | 18 among certain pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. These advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them successfully to discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or indications they may bring to market. AbbVie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or technological advances. Such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, have lower prices or better insurance coverage or reimbursement levels, or have superior performance features than AbbVie’s products, and this may negatively impact AbbVie’s business and results of operations. The manufacture of many of AbbVie's products is a highly exacting and complex process requiring critical environmental controls, and if AbbVie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing AbbVie's products, AbbVie's business could suffer. The manufacture of many of AbbVie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for AbbVie's products, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply, labor shortages, supply chain disruption, pandemics, man-made or natural disasters and environmental factors. If problems arise during the production of a batch of product, such batch of product may have to be discarded, and AbbVie may experience product shortages or incur added expenses. This could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred. AbbVie uses raw materials and components in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes, including those sourced from single suppliers around the world, and an interruption in the supply of those raw materials and components could adversely affect AbbVie's business and results of operations. AbbVie uses raw materials and components in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that may be sourced from single suppliers. The failure of AbbVie's suppliers, and particularly its single-source suppliers, to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption at a manufacturing site may impair AbbVie's ability to deliver its products to customers on a timely and competitive basis, which could adversely affect AbbVie's business and results of operations. Increases in demand on any of AbbVie's suppliers could result in delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of its products and/or product shortages, leading to lost revenue. Finding an alternative supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. AbbVie cannot guarantee that it will be able to reach agreement with alternative providers or that regulatory authorities would approve AbbVie's use of such alternatives. Business interruption insurance may not provide adequate compensation in the case of a failure by a supplier. Certain aspects of AbbVie’s operations are highly dependent upon third party service providers. AbbVie relies on suppliers, vendors and other third party service providers to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, promote and sell its products. In addition, AbbVie relies on third party service providers for support of its information technology services. Reliance on third party manufacturers reduces AbbVie’s oversight and control of the manufacturing process. Some of these third party providers are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, privacy and security risks and market risks of their own. The failure of a critical third party service provider to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on AbbVie’s operations and results. If any third party service providers have violated or are alleged to have violated any laws or regulations during the performance of their obligations to AbbVie, it is possible that AbbVie could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences. Significant safety or efficacy issues could arise for AbbVie's products, which could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's revenues and financial condition. Phar

=== ABBV_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in AbbVie’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. AbbVie notes these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie undertakes no obligation, and specifically declines, to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. 2026 Form 10-Q | 30 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK For a discussion of the company's market risk, see Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in AbbVie's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. The Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Robert A. Michael, and the Chief Financial Officer, Scott T. Reents, evaluated the effectiveness of AbbVie's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, and concluded that AbbVie's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information AbbVie is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by AbbVie in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to AbbVie's management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in AbbVie's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, AbbVie's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2026. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls. AbbVie’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that AbbVie’s disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 2026 Form 10-Q | 31 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information pertaining to legal proceedings is provided in Note 11 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 976 (1) $222.49 (1) — $2,896,110,760 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 909 (1) $223.56 (1) — $2,896,110,760 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 4,621,835 (1) $230.40 (1) 4,621,000 $1,831,437,567 Total 4,623,720 (1) $230.40 (1) 4,621,000 $1,831,437,567 1. In addition to AbbVie shares repurchased on the open market under a publicly announced program, these shares also included the shares purchased on the open market for the benefit of participants in the AbbVie Employee Stock Purchase Plan – 976 in January; 909 in February; and 835 in March. These shares do not include the shares surrendered to AbbVie to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting or exercise of stock-based awards. ITEM 5. OTHER ITEMS (c) Director and Officer Trading Arrangements During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of the company adopted , modified or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 2026 Form 10-Q | 32 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are furnished herewith and should not be deemed to be “filed” under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 10.1 Form of AbbVie Inc. Performance-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Agreement* 10.2 Form of AbbVie Inc. Performance Share Award Agreement* 10.3 Form of AbbVie Inc. Non-Qualified Stock O ption Agreement.* 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)). 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)). 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following financial statements and notes from the AbbVie Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, filed on May 8, 2026, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit); (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page from the AbbVie Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). _______________________________________________________________________________ * Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto. 2026 Form 10-Q | 33 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ABBVIE INC. By: /s/ Scott T. Reents Scott T. Reents Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: May 8, 2026 2026 Form 10-Q | 34 