=== TPR_2025-09-26.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Tapestry, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and O-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Fellow Stockholders: ANNE GATES JOANNE CREVOISERAT Fiscal year 2025 was truly a breakout year for Tapestry a fitting culmination of a three-year journey marked by bold moves, meaningful progress and unwavering commitment to our futurespeed strategy. We ve built a foundation that s deepening emotional connections with consumers and delivering the magic of our brands to more consumers around the world. While economic headwinds and shifting consumer behaviors especially among Gen Z continue to influence the retail landscape, we ve remained agile yet steadfast in our approach. Our ability to act with both discipline and agility has proven to be more than just strengths they are enduring competitive advantages that have allowed us to not only weather the environment, but to win in it. RECORD PERFORMANCE SHOWCASING STRATEGIC SUCCESS Three years ago, we set ambitious targets: to achieve over $5 in earnings, return more than $3 billion cumulatively to shareholders, and to drive best-in-class total returns. We achieved these key targets, and our results are more than numbers our success showcases that our strategies are working, and that our systemic approach to brand building is capturing a new generation of consumers globally. BUILDING LASTING CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS AT SCALE Our success is rooted in the relentless focus on building lasting customer relationships. During the year, we acquired 6.8 million new customers in North America alone, with strong representation from Gen Z consumers. Importantly, the emotional connections we are creating with young consumers are the foundation of durable growth evident not only in our customer acquisition, but in the increasing retention rates we see with this consumer cohort. These results were powered by our growing consumer insights capabilities, pairing quantitative data-powered tools with the qualitative research that is key to gaining a deeper understanding of consumers needs. We remain consumer-obsessed, continuously crystalizing our understanding of the consumer broadly around the globe and our target customer across our brands. COACH: REDEFINING WHAT S POSSIBLE Coach has a storied 85-year history, and this fiscal year was the strongest on record. Our success is rooted in brand-building capabilities: we ve been focused on understanding our target Gen Z consumer and creating emotional connections that reimagine a heritage brand for modern consumers. Coach is redefining what s possible when you blend disciplined brand-building driven by data and innovation with consumer obsession. Importantly, the creativity, craftsmanship, and value we offer at scale have been, and will continue to be, a differentiator of the brand and our business. KATE SPADE: APPLYING PROVEN STRATEGIES We are taking financial and strategic steps to invest and reset Kate Spade for long-term growth applying our proven brand-building learnings and aggressively leaning into investment and action. The work is underway and will take time, particularly considering the current backdrop. Our confidence in our strategies and the long-term opportunity for the brand remains unchanged. We are testing more, learning faster and maintaining a relentless focus on operational discipline and sustained innovation to unlock Kate Spade s significant runway for growth. TABLE OF CONTENTS AMPLIFY OUR IMPACT: FOUNDATION FOR CONTINUED GROWTH We re firmly positioned on a clear path toward long-term value creation and recently unveiled our new three-year growth agenda, Amplify, which centers on reaching new geographies and new generations of consumers. Our growth agenda builds on our proven strategies with a keen focus toward: 1. Building Emotional Connections with Consumers 2. Fueling Fashion Innovation and Product Excellence 3. Delivering Compelling Experiences to Drive Global Growth 4. Igniting the Power of our People to Future Proof our Business A key driver of this strategy is our continued investment in strengthening our brand-building capabilities, powered by creativity, data, operational discipline and customer centricity. In a world where customers move fast and technology moves faster, we re meeting the moment with greater precision and purpose. Our stores are proving more powerful than ever in a digital-first landscape, and our human connections have never been more important together, they are the foundation of our proven and profitable direct-to-consumer business model that is a core competitive advantage. Importantly, through implementation of these strategies, we expect to drive continued durable, profitable growth. At the same time, we remain disciplined allocators of capital and expect to return $4 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases over our three-year planning horizon, underscoring the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet and confidence in driving sustained value creation. POWERING PEOPLE AND TECHNOLOGY FORWARD Culture is our catalyst. While strategy sets the direction, it s our people and the tools we equip them with that drive lasting transformation. We re investing in leadership and fostering a growth mindset that empowers teams to shape the future of fashion. LOOKING AHEAD Our vision is to give more people the power to bring their own style and story into the world. With our Amplify growth agenda we have the strategy, capabilities and team in place to scale and win. We are confident our strategies will deliver compounding financial returns, and significant value for our people, our consumers, our brands and our shareholders for years to come. Anne Gates Chair of the Board of Directors Joanne Crevoiserat Director and Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS We will hold the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Tapestry, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company or Tapestry ), virtually via live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TPR2025, on November 13, 2025, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, for the following purposes: 1. To elect 10 directors; 2. To consider and vote upon the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 27, 2026 ( fiscal year 2026 ); 3. To consider the advisory vote to approve the Company s executive compensation, as discussed and described in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting; and 4. To transact any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement. The Board of Directors (the Board ) has fixed the close of business on September 17, 2025 as the record date for the Annual Meeting (the Record Date ), and only holders of record of common stock at such time will be entitled to notice of or to vote at the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, David E. Howard Chief Legal Officer and Secretary New York, New York September 26, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Regardless of whether you plan to join the meeting, please follow the instructions you received to authorize a proxy to vote your shares as soon as possible to ensure that your shares are represented and voted at the meeting. If you attend the meeting, you may vote your shares personally even if you have sent in proxies or authorized a proxy to vote online. You will need your unique control number that appears on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, the proxy card (printed in the box and marked by the arrow) and the instructions that accompanied the proxy materials in order to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting. If you hold your shares in street name, based on current New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) rules, your broker will NOT be able to vote your shares with respect to the election of directors (Proposal No. 1) or the advisory vote to approve the Company s executive compensation (Proposal No. 3) if you have not provided directions to your broker. We strongly encourage you to provide directions to your broker to vote your shares and exercise your right to vote as a stockholder. Help us make a difference by eliminating paper proxy mailings to your home or business: with your consent, we will provide all future proxy voting materials and annual reports to you electronically. Instructions for consenting to electronic delivery can be found on your proxy card. Your consent to receive stockholder materials electronically will remain in effect until canceled. SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are based on management s current expectations, that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as believes, if, may, can, will, should, expect, confidence, goals, trends, intend, estimate, on track, are positioned to, on course, opportunity, continue, project, guidance, target, forecast, anticipate, plan, potential, position, see, would, amplify, the negative of these terms or comparable terms. These statements include, but are not limited to, those regarding the Company s strategic initiatives and certain agreements and plans that will require us to provide compensation to our executives upon the occurrence of future events, such as the achievement of Company objectives and the termination of an individual s employment or a change in control of the Company, and those regarding expectations that certain performance goals and/or targets for management and/or the Company will be attained. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These future events may not occur as and when expected, if at all, and, together with the Company s business, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include that future compensation to our Named Executive Officers, and the events that could trigger such payments, may vary materially from the descriptions herein due to factors beyond our control, such as the timing during the year of a triggering event, the amount of future non-equity incentive compensation and the value of our stock on the date of a triggering event. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. The Company s actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations due to a number of important factors, (i) the impact of international trade disputes and the risks associated with potential changes to international trade agreements, including the imposition or threat of imposition of new or increased tariffs or retaliatory tariffs implemented by countries where our manufacturers are located as well as the imposition of additional duties on the products we import; (ii) the impact of economic conditions, recession and inflationary measures; (iii) our exposure to international risks, including currency fluctuations and changes in economic or political conditions in the markets where we sell or source our products; (iv) our ability to retain the value of our brands and to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, including our ability to execute on our e-commerce and TABLE OF CONTENTS digital strategies; (v) the impact of tax and other legislation; (vi) the ability to successfully implement the initiatives under our 2028 Amplify growth strategy; (vii) the effect of existing and new competition in the marketplace; (viii) our ability to successfully identify and implement any sales, acquisitions or strategic transactions on attractive terms or at all, including our recently completed sale of the Stuart Weitzman business; (ix) our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from acquisitions; (x) our ability to control costs; (xi) the effect of seasonal and quarterly fluctuations on our sales or operating results; (xii) the risk of cyber security threats and privacy or data security breaches; (xiii) our ability to satisfy our outstanding debt obligations or incur additional indebtedness; (xiv) the risks associated with climate change and other corporate responsibility issues; (xv) our ability to protect against infringement of our trademarks and other proprietary rights; (xvi) the impact of pending and potential future legal proceedings; and (xvii) such other risk factors set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2025 ( fiscal year 2025 ), or those described from time to time in the Company s future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In this proxy statement references to we, our, us, Tapestry and the Company refer to Tapestry, Inc., including its consolidated subsidiaries as of June 28, 2025. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to Coach and Kate Spade throughout this proxy statement refer only to the identified brand. References to fiscal year 2024 refer to the Company s fiscal year ended June 29, 2024 ( fiscal year 2024 ). TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS DATE TIME VIRTUAL MEETING LOCATION RECORD DATE Thursday, November 13, 2025 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time Held virtually via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TPR2025 Close of business on September 17, 2025 VOTING ROADMAP Proposal The Board Recommends Voting: Page Reference (for more detail) Proposal 1: Election of 10 directors FOR EACH NOMINEE 20 Proposal 2: Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR 29 Proposal 3: Advisory vote to approve the Company s executive compensation, as discussed and described in this proxy statement FOR 34 PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL MEETING VOTING YOUR SHARES We invite you to join the Annual Meeting online via live webcast. There will not be a physical meeting. You will be able to participate in the virtual Annual Meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit your questions during the Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TPR2025. Stockholders at the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to notice and to vote at the Annual Meeting. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and each of the other proposals. Prior to the Annual Meeting, you may authorize a proxy to vote your shares and submit pre-meeting questions online by visiting proxyvote.com and following the instructions on your proxy card. You do not need to participate in the Annual Meeting to vote if you submitted your proxy in advance of the Annual Meeting. In order to vote your shares or ask questions at the Annual Meeting: You will need your unique control number which appears on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, the proxy card (printed in the box and marked by the arrow) and the instructions that accompanied the proxy materials. If your shares are held in a brokerage, financial institution or another account that bears the name of the holder and not you (shares referred to as held in street name ) and you do not have a control number, you must contact your broker or other financial institution to obtain a control number or voting instructions. Please authorize a proxy to vote your shares as soon as possible. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock, your broker will NOT be able to vote your shares with respect to any of the matters presented at the Annual Meeting other than the ratification of the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm, unless you give your broker specific voting instructions. See Questions You May Have Regarding this Proxy Statement in Appendix B of this proxy statement for more information. Even if you plan to join our Annual Meeting, please authorize a proxy to cast your vote as soon as possible by: using the Internet at www.proxyvote.com scanning this QR code to vote with your mobile device calling toll-free from the United States, U.S. territories and Canada to 1-800-690-6903 mailing your signed proxy or voting instruction form TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders PROXY SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 7 Meetings and Committees of the Board 7 Board Oversight Structure 12 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 15 Code of Conduct and Other Policies 16 Other Corporate Governance Matters 16 Director Compensation 18 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 20 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 29 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 30 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 31 TAPESTRY STOCK OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 32 PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPANY S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 34 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 35 Executive Summary 36 What We Pay and Why 40 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation 44 Other Compensation and Benefit Elements 53 Compensation Decision Making Process 53 Additional Information 56 HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE REPORT 58 COMPENSATION RISK ASSESSMENT 59 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 60 Summary Compensation Table 60 Grants of Plan-based Awards 62 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-end 2025 63 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 65 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 66 Employment Agreements and Compensatory Arrangements 67 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 69 CEO Pay Ratio 73 Pay versus Performance 74 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 79 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 80 Transactions with Related Persons 80 Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 80 OTHER INFORMATION 81 Communicating with the Board 81 Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting 81 Other Business 81 Tapestry s Form 10-K and Other Matters 82 Expenses of Solicitation 82 Householding 82 APPENDIX A RECONCILIATION OF GAAP AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 83 APPENDIX B: QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE REGARDING THIS PROXY STATEMENT 86 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. For more complete information about these topics, please review the Tapestry, Inc. (the Company or Tapestry ) Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ) for fiscal year 2025 and this entire proxy statement. We are mailing the Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and instructions on how to access this proxy statement via the Internet (or, for those who request it, a hard copy of this proxy statement and the proxy card) to our stockholders on or about September 26, 2025. About Tapestry Our global house of iconic accessories and lifestyle brands unites the magic of Coach and kate spade new york. Together, we stretch what s possible advancing brands further than they could go alone, expanding their reach to new geographies and generations. Inspired by our consumers, we create experiences and products that build lasting brand love and elevate everyday life. Our corporate headquarters are in midtown Manhattan at 10 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. Tapestry is a publicly traded company (NYSE: TPR). Fiscal Year 2025 Business Highlights Fiscal year 2025 was a breakout year for Tapestry, demonstrating that our systemic approach to brand-building is capturing a new generation of consumers worldwide. Our strategies drove strong financial results, highlighted by top- and bottom-line growth and robust free cash flow, which supports continued investment in our business and future growth agenda. Importantly, we achieved key targets we set at our Investor Day three years ago, surpassing $5 in adjusted earnings per share and returning more than $3 billion cumulatively to stockholders. (1) Operating Profit, Earnings Per Share ( EPS ) and Adjusted Free Cash Flow provided on a non-GAAP basis. Refer to GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and definitions as previously disclosed in the Company s earnings press release included Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K furnished with the SEC on August 14, 2025. We delivered these strong results in the context of a rapidly expanding and uncertain macroeconomic landscape, reinforcing that our business and our exceptional teams are resilient, agile and built to drive long-term growth and shareholder value. In August 2025, the Company completed its previously announced sale of the Stuart Weitzman business, reflecting our commitment to be diligent stewards of our portfolio and disciplined allocators of capital. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Amplify Growth Strategy From this strong foundation, the Company introduced its Amplify Plan at its Investor Day in September 2025, building on proven strategies. The Amplify Plan focuses on four key pillars: Build Emotional Connections with Consumers Driving new customer acquisition, with a focus on Gen Z consumers entering the market to build brand love and lifetime value. Fuel Fashion Innovation Product Excellence Leading with handbags and leathergoods with targeted lifestyle expansion in footwear. Deliver Compelling Experiences to Drive Global Growth Sustaining growth in North America and accelerating momentum in international markets, prioritizing Greater China and Europe. Ignite the Power of Our People Future-proofing growth by continuing to develop a consumer-obsessed culture that is agile and always looking forward. Through implementation of these strategies, we expect to drive continued durable, profitable growth over the three-year planning horizon, achieving mid-single-digit revenue growth and operating margin expansion annually, and delivering double-digit earnings per share growth in fiscal years 2027 and 2028. At the same time, we remain disciplined allocators of capital and expect to return $4 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases over our three-year planning horizon, underscoring the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet and confidence in driving sustained value creation. We are confident that our strengths are structural, and that our innovation, creativity, and brand-building capabilities will deliver significant value for our customers, employees, and shareholders for years to come. Corporate Governance Highlights Engaged and Independent Board Focused on Continuous Evaluation and Refreshment Commitment to Stockholder Rights Demonstrated Corporate Governance and Compensation Best Practices Nine of 10 director nominees are independent Independent Chair of the Board and Board Committees comprised solely of independent directors Demonstrated commitment to Board refreshment and rigorous director selection criteria Annual election of all directors Annual Board, Committee and director assessments, as well as annual CEO evaluation Regular executive sessions of independent directors Bylaws contain proxy access provision Bylaws may be amended by stockholders representing a majority of outstanding shares entitled to vote Active year-round stakeholder engagement Majority vote standard for uncontested director elections Annual Say on Pay advisory vote Longstanding corporate responsibility commitments, with strong Board oversight and measurable short and long-term goals Directors have a broad range of key skills and experience Active Board oversight of risk management, including cybersecurity Code of Conduct for ethical business policies and conduct Stock ownership guidelines for directors and executives and clawback for incentive awards Prohibition on political expenditures 2 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Fiscal Year 2025 Highlights Awards Achieved goal of sourcing 99% of leather from Gold- and Silver-rated Leather Working Group tanneries 2 years ahead of schedule Reduced Scope 1 2 GHG emissions 84% from our FY2021 baseline Our employees completed over 65,000 volunteer hours , bringing us to over 248,000 hours since 2019 and moving us closer toward our 500,000-hour 2030 target Through the Coach Foundation's Dream It Real program, we have funded over 8,000 scholarships to date, advancing our goal of awarding 10,000 scholarships globally by 2030 to support the next generation Recognized for leading workplace practices with over 50 awards in FY25 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary At a Glance: 2025 Board of Directors Nominees Our 2025 director nominees bring a strong mix of skills and experiences to the Board. 4 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary The following table provides summary information about each director nominee. All of the director nominees are currently members of the Board. Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Independent Audit Committee Human Resources Committee (1) Governance and Nominations Committee (1) Other U.S. listed Public Company Boards Darrell Cavens 52 2018 Retired Founder and Chief Executive Officer of zulily, inc. Match Group, Inc. Joanne Crevoiserat 61 2020 Director and Chief Executive Officer of Tapestry, Inc. General Motors Co. David Elkins* 57 2024 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bristol Myers Squibb Hanneke Faber* 56 2021 Chief Executive Officer, Logitech Logitech International S.A. Anne Gates* 65 2017 Retired President of MGA Entertainment, Inc. Kroger Raymond James Financial Thomas Greco* 67 2020 Chief Executive Officer of FleetPride Wingstop, Inc. Kevin Hourican 52 2024 Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Sysco Corporation Sysco Corporation Alan Lau* 50 2023 Chief Business Officer of Animoca Brands Pamela Lifford 62 2020 Retired President, Global Brands and Experiences, Warner Bros. Discovery Annabelle Yu Long 52 2016 Founding and Managing Partner of BAI Capital LexinFintech Holdings NIO Inc. Number of Meetings in fiscal year 2025 4 5 4 (1) John P. Bilbrey, the current Chair of the HR Committee and member of the GN Committee, is not standing for re-election at this year s Annual Meeting. Committee Chair Member * Audit Committee Financial Expert 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Overview of 2025 Executive Compensation Set forth below is the fiscal year 2025 compensation for each named executive officer ( NEO or Named Executive Officer ) as determined under SEC rules. The hallmarks of our program include a strong pay-for-performance focus and annual and long-term incentives that support our business priorities, our talent objectives and stockholder value creation. See the notes accompanying the Summary Compensation Table on page 60 for more information. Name Principal Position Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Joanne Crevoiserat Chief Executive Officer 1,400,000 6,573,679 3,999,999 5,303,200 63,471 17,340,349 Scott Roe Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 975,000 2,465,129 1,499,996 2,308,313 61,311 7,309,749 Todd Kahn Chief Executive Officer and Brand President, Coach 1,000,000 1,972,110 1,199,992 2,937,000 85,611 7,194,713 David Howard Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 600,000 1,321,692 499,994 795,480 40,736 3,257,902 Denise Kulikowsky Chief People Officer 600,000 714,454 333,339 795,480 14,911 2,458,184 2025 Proxy Voting Roadmap THE BOARD RECOMMENDS VOTING: PAGE REFERENCE (for more detail) PROPOSAL 1 : Election of 10 directors FOR EACH NOMINEE 20 PROPOSAL 2 : Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR 29 PROPOSAL 3 : Advisory vote to approve the Company s executive compensation, as discussed and described in this proxy statement FOR 34 6 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Meetings and Committees of the Board The Board held six (6) meetings during fiscal year 2025. In addition to meetings of the full Board, directors also attended meetings of committees of the Board (the Committees and each a Committee ). Each of the incumbent directors attended at least 75% of the meetings held by the Board and Board Committees on which he or she served during the fiscal year. The Board has an Audit Committee (the Audit Committee ), a Human Resources Committee (the HR Committee ), which performs the functions of a compensation committee, and a Governance and Nominations Committee (the GN Committee ). Each Committee operates pursuant to a charter, which can be found for each Committee on Tapestry s website at www.tapestry.com/investors/ under the Committees section. We will provide to any person without charge, upon request, copies of any of the Committee charters. You may obtain such copies by sending a written request to Tapestry, 10 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001, Attention: Secretary. Each Committee has implemented procedures to ensure that during the course of each fiscal year it devotes the attention that it deems necessary or appropriate to each of the matters assigned to it under its charter. All regular quarterly meetings of the Board and Committees include an executive session of our non-employee directors, all of whom are independent ( independent directors ) without members of management present. In fiscal year 2025, Anne Gates presided over executive sessions of the Board as Independent Chair of the Board. Our independent directors and Committees have authority to retain outside advisors as they deem necessary. Tapestry encourages each member of the Board to attend each annual meeting of stockholders, but has not adopted a formal policy with respect to such attendance. Ten out of 11 of the Company s directors then standing for re-election attended the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2024. Board Membership and Committee Roster Name of Director Audit Human Resources Governance and Nominations John P. Bilbrey Darrell Cavens Joanne Crevoiserat David Elkins Hanneke Faber Anne Gates Thomas Greco Kevin Hourican Alan Lau Pamela Lifford Annabelle Yu Long Committee Chair Member 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Audit Committee The Audit Committee is comprised solely of independent directors and met four (4) times during fiscal year 2025. The Audit Committee reviews Tapestry s auditing, accounting, financial reporting and internal control functions and has sole responsibility for the selection of independent accountants. The Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all services provided by the independent accountants to assure that these services do not impair the auditor s independence. Services that have not received pre-approval will require specific review and approval by the Audit Committee. In addition, when the scope of services being provided (and the related fees) meaningfully change, Tapestry and the independent accountants will provide an update to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews Tapestry s accounting principles and financial reporting, as well as the independence of Tapestry s independent accountants. In discharging its duties, the Audit Committee: is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation determination and oversight of Tapestry s independent accountants; is directly responsible for pre-approving the audit and non-audit services rendered by the independent accountants; provides oversight of, and has authority for the selection and evaluation of Tapestry s internal auditors; meets independently with Tapestry s internal auditors, its independent accountants and senior management; reviews the general scope of matters relating to Tapestry s accounting, financial reporting, internal control systems, annual audit and internal audit program as well as matters relating to Tapestry s information system architecture and cybersecurity, and the results of the annual audit; and reviews with Tapestry s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer the matters required to be personally certified by such officers in Tapestry s public filings and the procedures followed to prepare for such certifications. Tapestry s Board determined that all members of the Audit Committee during fiscal year 2025 were independent as defined in the NYSE listing standards and Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) and that all were financially literate under the rules of the NYSE. The Board has determined that Mr. Greco, the Chair of the Audit Committee, Messrs. Elkins and Lau and Mses. Gates and Faber each qualify as an Audit Committee financial expert under federal securities laws. Human Resources Committee The HR Committee is comprised solely of independent directors and met five (5) times during fiscal year 2025. Pursuant to the HR Committee Charter, the HR Committee: determines, approves and reports to the Board on all elements of compensation for Tapestry s executive officers and other key executives, including targeted total cash compensation and long-term equity-based incentives and oversees the administration of various employee benefit and retirement plans, except as otherwise delegated by the Board or the Committee; reviews non-employee director compensation and benefits and recommends changes to the Board as necessary; reviews Tapestry s overall human capital strategy; performs, or assists the Board in performing, the duties of the Board relating to the annual performance evaluations of the Company s executive officers; monitors performance, talent development and succession planning for key executives; and consults, as needed, with third-party compensation consultants. In fiscal year 2025, the HR Committee retained the services of Compensation Advisory Partners, LLC ( CAP ) through December 2024, and the services of Frederic W. Cook and Co., Inc. ( FW Cook ) starting in January 2025; a description of the services provided to the HR Committee by CAP and FW Cook during fiscal year 2025 appears under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Decision Making Process Roles and Responsibilities . Tapestry s Board determined that all members of the HR Committee during fiscal year 2025 were independent under the NYSE heightened independence standards for members of compensation committees and that each member of the HR Committee qualifies as a non-employee director, as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 8 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Governance and Nominations Committee The GN Committee is comprised solely of independent directors and met four (4) times during fiscal year 2025. The GN Committee performs a leadership role in shaping the corporate governance of the Company, and reports to the Board on matters relating to corporate governance and the identification and nomination of new directors. The GN Committee also performs succession planning for the Chief Executive Officer and conducts annual performance evaluations of the Board and its several Committees, and each individual director. The GN Committee also has primary oversight of the Company s corporate responsibility strategy, Board succession planning and Board refreshment processes. These responsibilities are described in more detail in Board, Committee and Director Evaluations and Board Refreshment and Succession Planning Processes below. Tapestry s Board determined that all members of the GN Committee during fiscal year 2025 were independent as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Ongoing Director Education The Board believes that ongoing director education is essential for both new and long-serving directors to successfully fulfill their duties. All incoming directors participate in the Company s director onboarding and education program, which involves meetings with members of management to review Company strategy, Tapestry and brand business and operational performance, corporate governance, human capital management and corporate responsibility matters. Throughout the course of their service on the Board, all directors are polled on which topics and programs they think will support them in their roles and the Company incorporates this feedback into future programming. Directors are given access to relevant educational materials and information on online training programs and in-person seminars through an online portal, as well as external memberships to corporate governance organizations. The Company reimburses directors for all reasonable fees and expenses associated with attending outside training programs. In addition, outside experts are frequently invited to Board and Committee meetings throughout the year to present on specific topics (such as artificial intelligence, corporate governance, innovation and geopolitical risk in fiscal year 2025). Board, Committee and Director Evaluations The Board believes that a regular, robust Board evaluation process is a critical tool in ensuring Board effectiveness and strong corporate governance. The GN Committee has primary oversight of the process, which consists of annual evaluations by each director of the full Board, the Board Committees, and each individual director. Additionally, members of the Company s management team are periodically asked for their feedback and perspective on Board process and effectiveness. These collective evaluations are intended to determine whether the Board and its Committees are functioning effectively, to assess director performance, and to identify opportunities for overall improvement. Evaluations are conducted annually through confidential questionnaires, which solicit quantitative and textual feedback. On a periodic basis (most recently for the fiscal year 2025 review cycle), the process was administered by an independent advisor and included one-on-one interviews with Board members and certain members of management conducted by an independent third-party facilitator. Evaluations consider a number of topics, including: Board structure, composition, Board renewal, culture and performance; Board and Committee roles, Board leadership, and meeting agendas and materials; CEO partnership, access to management, outside advisors and other information and resources necessary for the Board to fulfill its duties; risk management and safeguards, purpose and strategy the overall function of the Board and its Committees; and assessment of individual and peer contributions, including solicitation of feedback to ensure each director s skills are being utilized most effectively. The independent directors also evaluate the performance of Tapestry s Chief Executive Officer annually. The results of the evaluations are discussed with the Chair of the Board, the GN Committee, each Committee Chair, and with the full Board in executive session. The Chair provides anonymous feedback to each director on an individual basis. While this formal evaluation process is conducted on an annual basis, directors are encouraged to continuously share their perspectives, feedback and suggestions throughout the year. Items requiring follow-up and execution from the annual evaluation process and other engagements are monitored throughout the year by the Board, the applicable Committees and management. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Refreshment and Succession Planning Processes The Board is committed to active and ongoing Board refreshment practices and succession planning, working to continuously align Board composition and leadership with the Company s strategic needs. Building and maintaining an effective Board is a critical responsibility of our GN Committee, designed to ensure that the Board and each Committee is operating effectively and comprised of highly qualified directors, with the appropriate skills, experience, perspective and independence to provide effective oversight and serve the best interests of our stockholders. The GN Committee conducts a year-round process, which includes (i) regular review and discussion of the existing Board composition, utilizing a matrix of certain director skills and experience as a discussion tool; (ii) consideration of disclosures by each director in their Annual Director and Officer Questionnaire, including with respect to external commitments, with semi-annual abridged questionnaires for interim updates; (iii) review of the annual Board, Committee and individual director evaluations; and (iv) regular GN Committee agenda items devoted specifically to Board refreshment and succession planning, reporting out to the full Board. Refreshment Practices In identifying and recommending director candidates, the GN Committee places emphasis on the Company s Corporate Governance Principles, as approved by the Board and posted on our website, which set forth qualifications and criteria for director selection, including the following minimum qualifications: the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values; commitment to representing the long-term interests of our stockholders; an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom and mature judgment; freedom from significant conflicts of interest; the willingness and ability to devote the time necessary to perform the duties and responsibilities of a director; and a commitment to serve on the Board for an extended period of time. The GN Committee s selection process also provides for engagement of third-party search firms, interviews with various members of the GN Committee, the Board and management, and an evaluation of each individual in the context of the Board as a whole, applying criteria that it deems appropriate. The final selection of nominees is made by the Board. The Corporate Governance Principles also provide a director time commitment provision, which states that unless the Board determines that the carrying out of a director s responsibilities to the Company will not be adversely affected by the director s other directorships, directors who serve as the CEO of a public company should not serve on more than two other public company boards, and other directors should not serve on more than four other public company boards. The GN Committee will consider all candidates recommended by stockholders in accordance with the same timing and other procedures established in Tapestry s Bylaws for stockholder nominations. See Other Information Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting for more information. The GN Committee evaluates all candidates in the same manner, regardless of the source of such recommendation, and, subject to provisions in our Bylaws concerning proper notice by stockholders of proposed nominees, will consider all candidates recommended by stockholders. Such recommendations should include the name and address and other pertinent information about the candidate as is required by Tapestry s Bylaws. Recommendations should be submitted in writing to Tapestry, 10 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001, Attention: Secretary. The policy and procedures for considering candidates recommended by stockholders were formally adopted by our Board in May 2004. Board Succession Planning Led by the GN Committee, our Board reviews the composition, skills and dynamics of the full Board and each Committee no less than annually to ensure appropriate Board succession plans are in place. Based on these reviews, the GN Committee determines optimal utilization of each director s skills and experience and confirms or modifies succession plans for the Board Chair and Committee Chairs and members. The full Board appoints the Board and Committee Chairs and Committee members annually, following the Company s Annual Meeting. 10 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition The Company does not have a formal policy regarding the diversity of the Board. The GN Committee considers the Board s overall composition when considering director candidates, including whether the Board has an appropriate combination of professional experience, skills, knowledge and variety of viewpoints and backgrounds in light of the Company s current and expected future needs. In addition, the GN Committee believes that it is desirable for new candidates to contribute to the variety of viewpoints on the Board, which may be enhanced by a mix of different professional and personal backgrounds and experiences. Independent Directors 90% Average Tenure 4.7 Years Gender Male Female 50% 50% Average Age 57.4 Years Race / Ethnicity White / Caucasian Black / African American Asian 60% 20% 20% Born or Reside Outside the U.S. 50% Identify as LGBTQ+ 10% 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Oversight Structure The Board is elected annually by our stockholders to provide ultimate oversight of the management of Tapestry s business strategy and risks and to ensure that the long-term interests of the stockholders are being served. Separation of Chair and Chief Executive Officer; Strong Independent Board Under Tapestry s Bylaws and Corporate Governance Principles, the positions of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer may be held by one person or separately. Our policy as to whether the role of the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer should be separate is to adopt the practice that best serves the stockholders interests and the Company s needs at any particular time. The positions of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer have been held separately since July 2020, with Ms. Gates currently serving as Chair of the Board and Ms. Crevoiserat serving as Chief Executive Officer. The Board believes that the current governance structure Ms. Gates as the independent Chair of the Board and Ms. Crevoiserat as the Company s Chief Executive Officer allows Ms. Crevoiserat to focus her time and energy on managing the Company and Ms. Gates to lead the Board in its fundamental role of providing guidance, advice and counsel regarding the business, operations and strategy of the Company, as well as oversight of the Company s risk management policies and processes. We believe this structure will allow the Company to continue to execute its strategy and business plans to maximize stockholder value. The Company has also adopted various policies to provide for a strong and independent Board. The Board and the GN Committee have assembled a Board comprised of capable and experienced directors who are currently or have been leaders of major companies or institutions, are independent thinkers, and have a wide range of expertise and skills. The Board annually examines the relationships between the Company and each of its directors. After this examination, the Board has determined that each of the directors who are nominated for election at the Annual Meeting (other than Ms. Crevoiserat) have no material relationship with the Company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company) and is independent as defined in the NYSE listing standards. In addition, all standing Committees of the Board are made up entirely of independent directors. The Board and these Committees are empowered to retain their own counsel or advisors as they deem necessary. Board s Role in the Oversight of Strategy Our Board has active oversight responsibility for our corporate strategy and planning, including through: formal dedicated meetings to review our long-range strategic plans, including risks and opportunities facing our business; quarterly engagement at Board and Committee meetings, and during executive sessions; store visits and travel to key global markets; and regular discussions with our Chief Executive Officer and members of management throughout the year. With this strong Board oversight, our management team is responsible for executing our strategy and providing the Board with regular updates on key strategic initiatives, market and macro-environmental trends and other developments with respect to our strategic initiatives. During fiscal year 2025, the Board was highly engaged in oversight of the Company s business and operational priorities, including development and implementation of long-range plans for each of the Company s brands, ensuring the Company is well positioned to navigate a shifting trade landscape and volatile external environment, and oversight of the Company s innovation priorities, including artificial intelligence. Board s Role in the Oversight of Risk The Board provides critical oversight of the risks facing the Company and the risk management programs the Company has put into place. The Board views effective risk management as a key priority and approaches this work as an integrated part of our strategic planning process. In compliance with its duties under Tapestry s charter, Bylaws and Corporate Governance Principles and pursuant to Maryland law, the Board and its Committees consider whether the Company s risk management programs adequately: identify and assess material and emerging risks facing the Company in a timely fashion; allocate ownership for risk management amongst members of management, with appropriate visibility to the Board and its Committees; implement appropriate responsive risk management strategies; facilitate open communication between management and the Board; transmit necessary information with respect to material risks within the Company; and foster an appropriate culture of ethics, integrity, and risk management. The Company believes that the Board s structure provides appropriate risk oversight of the Company s activities. 12 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Risk Oversight The Board reviews the Company s enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program to ensure risk management is consistent with the Company s corporate strategy and effective in fostering a culture of risk-aware and risk-based decision-making throughout the organization. The Board s review of the ERM program and other risk management processes includes strategic, operational, financial, reputational and external risks. The Board works with senior management and Tapestry s independent internal auditors to ensure that enterprise-wide risk management is incorporated into corporate strategy and business operations. As set forth below, the Board delegates to its Committees primary responsibility to evaluate elements of the Company s risk management program based on the Committees expertise and applicable regulatory requirements. Each Committee, through its chairperson, reports out to the full Board at its quarterly meeting on the Committee s activities, including agenda items relating to risk; the full Board engages in discussion on these delegated activities at that time. Audit Committee Risk Oversight HR Committee Risk Oversight GN Committee Risk Oversight Responsible for oversight of risks relating to the Company s: Accounting and financial reporting System of internal controls Annual financial audit, including meeting privately on a regular basis with the Company s external auditors Internal audit program, including oversight and quarterly reports on the ERM program Business Continuity Program governance Litigation and ethics and compliance Information system architecture, privacy and cybersecurity Responsible for oversight of risks relating to the Company s: Human capital management programs and strategies Annual performance evaluations of the Company s executive officers and other key executives Compensation programs and policies, including conducting a risk assessment of the Company s compensation programs annually to determine whether any aspects encourage excessive or inappropriate risk taking Responsible for oversight of risks relating to the Company s: Corporate Governance policies and practices, including related party policies and disclosures Board refreshment and succession planning, including for Board Committee chair and membership positions CEO succession planning, as presented and approved by the full Board Quarterly updates on corporate responsibility program risks (with updates on corporate responsibility programs to the Board at least annually) Role of Management Management has day-to-day responsibility for the identification and assessment of the various risks facing the Company, and the implementation of effective risk management programs and policies. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ERM Program The ERM program provides a framework whereby management conducts comprehensive annual enterprise risk assessments to identify and prioritize the most critical risks facing the Company, as well as emerging risks, and the development and reporting of risk mitigation strategies. Those critical and emerging enterprise level risks are reported and discussed quarterly with internal management committees focused on these enterprise risks, including a Legal, Risk, Compliance Safety Committee and an Information Governance, Privacy Security Committee. Additionally, management regularly reports to the full Board and/or its Committees, as applicable, on risk assessment and mitigation strategies, to enable the Board to successfully oversee the Company s risk management activities. Corporate Responsibility Risk Management Corporate responsibility and climate-related risk management are key priorities for management and the Board and is approached as an integrated part of ERM and our strategic planning process. Management and the Board evaluate sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities that have the potential to impact Tapestry s operations, products and services, supply chain, adaptation and mitigation activities and investment in innovation. Our GN Committee receives quarterly updates on matters of corporate responsibility strategy, compliance and risk, with updates to the full Board at least annually and Audit and HR Committees as appropriate. Our Steering Committee , comprised of Tapestry executive committee members, meets quarterly and is responsible for strategy recommendations and supporting execution and final decision-making of corporate responsibility-related opportunities. Our Task Force , comprised of senior leaders and cross-functional members from major business functions at Tapestry, meets quarterly to set and drive company-wide corporate responsibility strategy. Our Global Team , led by our Vice President, Global Head of Sustainability ESG, has direct day-to-day responsibility for managing our program, including leadership of the Task Force. Our Corporate Responsibility Program is supported by additional working groups including several Employee Business Resource Groups and our Tapestry and brand foundations. 14 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Cybersecurity Risk Management The Company has a comprehensive cybersecurity risk assessment program that systematically identifies, analyzes and evaluates potential threats and vulnerabilities that may impact the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Company s information systems and data. This program includes governance structure, risk identification, risk analysis, risk management and risk communication and reporting. Our Audit Committee receives quarterly updates from the Company s Chief Information and Digital Officer and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) on information security, privacy risk and compliance, with updates to the full Board at least annually. Information Governance, Privacy Security Committee , which was formed in fiscal year 2023 and includes the CISO and key members of management, meets quarterly and is responsible for management oversight of risk in these areas. Our CISO manages our day-to-day cybersecurity compliance program, including training, prevention, mitigation, detection and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity controls also include periodic internal and third-party assessments to test our cybersecurity controls, perform cyber simulations and annual tabletop exercises, and continually evaluate our privacy notices, policies and procedures surrounding our handling and control of personal data and the systems we have in place to help protect us from cybersecurity or personal data breaches. The Company also surveyed its directors on their skills and experience relating to cybersecurity to ensure effective oversight of the Company s programs, as reflected in Director Qualifications, Skills and Experience on page 20 . Spotlight on Artificial Intelligence Oversight Tapestry views artificial intelligence as a strategic enabler and a powerful tool to help our brands move at the speed of the consumer and support our growth agenda. The Company has established a governance and oversight structure intended to ensure that its innovation agenda is supported by an ethical, transparent and responsible approach to AI adoption. The full Board has ultimate oversight of AI strategy and governance, with management providing updates to the Board at least annually and offering educational sessions via internal and external experts. A management AI Steering Committee, which includes the Chief Information and Digital Officer, Chief Financial and Operating Officer, and Chief Legal Officer, guides strategic decisions regarding the Company s adoption of AI tools and initiatives. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The HR Committee is currently comprised of the following independent directors: John P. Bilbrey, Chair, Darrell Cavens, Kevin Hourican and Pamela Lifford. No director who served as a member of the HR Committee during any portion of fiscal year 2025 was an employee of the Company during their service on the HR Committee or a former officer of the Company. None of Tapestry s executive officers serve on the compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) or the board of directors of any other company of which any member of the HR Committee or the Board is an executive officer. The HR Committee makes all compensation decisions regarding the Company s executive officers. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Code of Conduct and Other Policies Tapestry has adopted a Code of Conduct (the Code ). The purpose of the Code is to convey the basic principles of business conduct expected of all Tapestry employees, officers and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Controller and other senior financial personnel performing similar functions. We require officers and corporate employees (and selected retail employees) to attend training on the Code and other matters of business ethics. We require all employees to review and certify the Code annually. In support of the Code, we have provided our employees with numerous avenues for the reporting of ethics violations or other similar concerns, including a toll-free telephone hotline and a reporting website, both allowing for anonymity. The Code meets the definition of code of ethics under the rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE and is posted on our website at www.tapestry.com/investors/ under the Global Business Integrity Program section. In addition, we intend to post on our website all legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, our Code. We will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of the Code. You may obtain a copy of the Code by sending a written request to Tapestry, 10 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001, Attention: Secretary. Tapestry has also adopted a Political Activities and Contributions Policy. Tapestry does not make political contributions and prohibits all employees from using any Company funds or assets for direct or in-kind political contributions, including contributions to any ballot initiative, referendum or other question, Political Action Committee (PAC), political party or candidate, whether federal, state or local, in the United States or abroad, subject to certain pre-approved specific foreign country exclusions. Employees are permitted to make personal contributions that do not involve any funds or resources of the Company, including Company time, facilities, office supplies, letterhead, phones and other Company devices. Other Corporate Governance Matters Stockholder Engagement We communicate with our stockholders throughout the year and are committed to fostering effective and transparent communication. We engage regularly through quarterly earnings calls, our investor relations website, and both group and one-on-one meetings and calls to ensure we have a strong understanding of their perspectives, including potential concerns with respect to our Company and business. In advance of our annual meeting of stockholders each year, we reach out to many of our investors to discuss topics of corporate governance, executive compensation and any other items of interest or concern. Our engagements typically involve representatives from Investor Relations, Legal, Human Resources, our Corporate Responsibility team and other business areas, including our senior management team and Board when appropriate. In advance of our prior year annual meeting of stockholders, we reached out to approximately 40 stockholders, representing approximately 70% of shares outstanding. Although our investors did not have concerns requiring engagement in advance of the meeting, we engaged with our stockholders on a number of issues throughout fiscal year 2025. Key topics of discussion during our fiscal year 2025 engagements included: our business strategies and financial performance; topics related to corporate responsibility, including sustainability and climate change, as well as overall initiatives and corporate responsibility goals; executive compensation and other matters of human capital management; and topics around general Board oversight and corporate governance. 16 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Principles Tapestry s Corporate Governance Principles provide the framework for the governance of Tapestry. These guidelines reflect the governance rules for NYSE-listed companies and those contained in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Board reviews these principles and other aspects of governance periodically. The guidelines, together with other corporate governance documents of Tapestry, are posted on our website at www.tapestry.com/investors/ under the Governance Documents section. We will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of the Corporate Governance Principles. You may obtain a copy by sending a written request to Tapestry, 10 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001, Attention: Secretary. Sarbanes-Oxley Certifications Tapestry has filed with the SEC, as exhibits to its most recently filed Form 10-K, the certifications required by the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 regarding the quality of the Company s public disclosure. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Compensation Directors who are Tapestry employees receive no additional compensation for their services as directors. Compensation for independent directors is recommended by the HR Committee and approved by the Board. Compensation for independent directors consists of an annual cash retainer for Board service and additional cash retainers for service as the Independent Chair of the Board or Lead Outside Director, as applicable, and as the chairperson of Board Committees. Annual grants of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) are made to each elected independent director on the date of Tapestry s Annual Meeting. Upon joining the Board, a new independent director receives a grant of RSUs with approximately the same value as this annual grant. The Second Amended and Restated Tapestry, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan ) includes an overall limit on annual independent director compensation of $800,000 per director. Due to complex regulatory requirements related to equity compensation in China, in lieu of an annual equity award of RSUs, Ms. Long receives a cash payment equal to $200,000, representing the targeted fair market value of equity awards granted to the other independent directors, paid one year after the date of each annual meeting of stockholders at which she is elected, or re-elected, to the Board. Tapestry s Outside Director retainers in effect during fiscal year 2025 were as follows: Compensation Element Annual Amount* ($) Basic annual retainer 100,000 Annual equity grant value (1) 200,000 Audit Committee Chair annual retainer 35,000 HR Committee Chair annual retainer 30,000 GN Committee Chair annual retainer 25,000 Independent Chair of the Board retainer 200,000 Lead Outside Director (not applicable in fiscal year 2025) 30,000 Cash payment in lieu of annual equity grant for Annabelle Long 200,000 * Amounts shown reflect the full target value of the retainers for fiscal year 2025. (1) The annual equity grant to our independent directors is fixed at a fair market value of approximately $200,000, in the form of RSUs. These awards vest in full one year from the date of grant, subject to the director s continued service until that time. From time to time, most recently in August 2024, the HR Committee s consultant evaluates the independent director compensation program and, as appropriate, the HR Committee may recommend changes to the independent director compensation program. The 2024 study compared Tapestry s independent director compensation program to: the same peer group used for executive compensation benchmarking, described in the Compensation Discussion Analysis section; and as a secondary reference point, general industry survey data (companies across industries with revenues between $2.5 billion and $10 billion), from the 2023-24 Director Compensation Report from the National Association of Corporate Directors. The study found that current independent director total compensation was positioned below the median of Tapestry s peer group. The study also confirmed that Tapestry s use of stock options was unusual relative to the peer group and the broader market. The HR Committee recommended an increase to the target annual equity grant value to $200,000, to bring total independent director compensation to approximately the median of the peer group. The HR Committee also recommended eliminating stock options and grant 100% of Board equity compensation in RSUs. The Board approved these changes effective November 2024. 18 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Stock Ownership Policy Tapestry has a stock ownership policy for independent directors. Under the policy, each independent director is expected to accumulate Tapestry shares valued at five times the basic annual retainer ($100,000 during fiscal year 2025). The Board expects the minimum level of ownership to be achieved within five years of the date an independent director is appointed to the Board. Until the requirement is met, each director is required to retain 50% of the net after-tax shares obtained from RSUs that vest and stock options that are exercised. Ownership for this calculation includes shares owned outright and shares equivalent to the after-tax value of unvested RSUs and the after-tax value of vested, unexercised, in-the-money stock options. The Board has waived the Director Stock Ownership Policy for Ms. Long due to the complex regulatory framework for equity compensation in China. As of the last measurement date (December 31, 2024): All independent directors were in compliance with the stock ownership policy; Messrs. Bilbrey, Cavens, Greco and Lau, and Mses. Faber, Gates and Lifford had achieved five times the basic annual retainer level of ownership; and Messrs. Elkins and Hourican were making appropriate progress toward achieving the desired level of ownership (both have been independent directors for less than five years). 2025 Director Compensation Compensation paid in fiscal year 2025 for each independent director is detailed below: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) All Other Compensation (2) ($) Total ($) John P. Bilbrey 130,000 199,999 329,999 Darrell Cavens 100,000 199,999 299,999 David Elkins 100,000 199,999 299,999 Hanneke Faber 100,000 199,999 10,000 309,999 Anne Gates 325,000 199,999 9,956 534,955 Thomas Greco 135,000 199,999 334,999 Kevin Hourican 100,000 199,999 299,999 Alan Lau 100,000 199,999 299,999 Pamela Lifford 100,000 199,999 299,999 Annabelle Yu Long (3) 300,000 300,000 (1) Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of all RSU awards, calculated according to FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant-date fair value of these awards are described in footnote 4 to the Summary Compensation Table. As of June 28, 2025, the last day of fiscal year 2025, (i) each independent director held 3,509 unvested RSUs, except Ms. Long, who does not hold RSUs, and (ii) the outstanding stock options held by each independent director were: Mr. Bilbrey 42,905; Mr. Cavens 58,282; Mr. Elkins 5,280; Ms. Faber 28,346; Ms. Gates 59,624; Mr. Greco 28,764; Mr. Hourican 5,280; Mr. Lau 16,313 and Ms. Lifford 28,764. (2) Amounts shown in All Other Compensation are matching charitable contributions under the Company s Matching Gift program. (3) In addition to the basic annual retainer, Ms. Long received a cash payment in lieu of RSUs considering regulatory requirements related to equity compensation in China. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS All of Tapestry s directors are elected each year at the Annual Meeting by the stockholders. We do not have staggered elections of our Board members. Ten directors will be elected at this year s Annual Meeting. Each director s term lasts until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualifies. All of the nominees are currently members of Tapestry s Board. Directors will be elected by a majority of the total votes cast FOR and AGAINST each nominee. The Board recommends that you vote FOR each of the director nominees below. One of our current directors, John P. Bilbrey, is not standing for re-election at this year s Annual Meeting. The Board intends to reduce the size of the Board of Directors to 10, effective immediately upon Mr. Bilbrey s departure and the proxy holders may only vote for the number of nominees named in this proxy statement. If a nominee is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve as a director, the proxy holders may vote for another nominee proposed by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected at the Annual Meeting. The following information is furnished with respect to each nominee for election as a director. The ages of the nominees are as of September 26, 2025. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR EACH OF THE BELOW NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR. Director Nominees Name Age Position with Tapestry Anne Gates 65 Independent Chair of the Board of Directors Darrell Cavens 52 Director Joanne Crevoiserat 61 Director and Chief Executive Officer David Elkins 57 Director Johanna (Hanneke) Faber 56 Director Thomas Greco 67 Director Kevin Hourican 52 Director Alan Lau 50 Director Pamela Lifford 62 Director Annabelle Yu Long 52 Director Director Qualifications, Skills and Experience The Company does not set specific criteria for directors, except to the extent required to meet applicable legal, regulatory and stock exchange requirements, including the independence requirements of the SEC and the NYSE. Nominees for director will be selected on the basis of outstanding achievement in their personal careers, board experience, wisdom, integrity, ability to make independent, analytical inquiries, understanding of the business environment and willingness to devote adequate time to Board duties. While the selection of qualified directors is a complex and subjective process that requires consideration of many intangible factors, the GN Committee believes that each director should have a basic understanding of (a) the principal operational and financial objectives, plans and strategies of the Company, (b) the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and its business and (c) the relative standing of the Company and its business in relation to its competitors. The Board believes that each of its current directors meet all of these qualifications, as well as the individual qualifications presented in each of their biographies. 20 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS As reflected in the following chart, we believe our director nominees offer a diverse range of key skills and experience to provide effective oversight of the Company and create long- term sustainable growth through successful execution of the Company s strategic initiatives. Experience Darrell Cavens Joanne Crevoiserat David Elkins Hanneke Faber Anne Gates Thomas Greco Kevin Hourican Alan Lau Pamela Lifford Annabelle Yu Long Total Operating Experience Prior Public Company Experience (directorships or executive officer) 8 Executive Leadership Current Public Company CEO Former Public Company CEO 10 Other Senior Executive Financial / Accounting Experience Financial Background (CFO, Treasurer, Accounting) Oversight Financial Functions / Other Significant Experience 10 Investment Experience Industry Experience Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) 8 Cyber / Information Security 8 Entrepreneurial / Innovation 9 Global / International 10 Human Capital Management 9 Industry (Retail / Consumer Products) 10 Marketing Branding 9 Mergers Acquisitions 8 Supply Chain / Manufacturing 7 Technology / Digital / E-commerce 10 Corporate Responsibility Environmental 7 Social 8 Governance 10 Direct Experience Managing / Overseeing Continuing Education 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DARRELL CAVENS Age: 52 Director since 2018 Independent Committees: Human Resources Business Experience: President of New Ventures, Qurate Retail Group, retired (2017 2018) President and Chief Executive Officer, Zulily, Inc., (2009 2017) Director, SQL Server / BizTalk Server Microsoft, (2008 2009) Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President, Marketing, Blue Nile (1999 2008) U.S. Public Board Memberships: Other Experience and Community Involvement: Current Match Group Previous ( past five years ) Big Sky Growth Partners Rad Power Bikes Vouched Brooks Running Mr. Cavens is qualified to serve as a director based on his experience as the chief executive officer and co-founder of a large, publicly-traded company, his strong background in online retailing, technology and data analytics and his understanding of the retail industry. Mr. Cavens attended the University of Victoria. 22 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS JOANNE CREVOISERAT Age: 61 Director since 2020 Chief Executive Officer and Director Business Experience: Tapestry, Inc. (2019 Current) Chief Executive Officer ( 2020 Current); Chief Financial Officer (2019 2020) Abercrombie Fitch Co. ( 2017 2019) Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (2017 2019); Chief Financial Officer (2014 2017) Prior 2014, Senior level finance positions at Kohl s, Wal-mart Stores and May Department Stores, including Chief Financial Officer, Filene s, Foley s and Famous-Barr U.S. Public Board Memberships: Other Experience and Community Involvement: Current General Motors Previous ( past five years ) At Home Group Partnership for New York The Fashion Pact Ms. Crevoiserat is uniquely qualified to serve as a director based on her experience in the management of the Company and oversight of strategic planning and operations, as well as her significant financial expertise and experience in the retail industry. Ms. Crevoiserat is a summa cum laude graduate of the University of Connecticut with a Bachelor of Science. DAVID ELKINS Age: 57 Director since 2024 Independent Committees: Audit Business Experience: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bristol Myers Squibb (2019 Current) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Celgene Corporation (2018 2019) Chief Financial Officer, Johnson Johnson s (J J) Consumer Products (2014 2017) Chief Financial Officer, Round Rock Research LLC (2012 2014) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Becton Dickinson Company (2008 2012) Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, North America Global Marketing, AstraZeneca (2001 2008) Mr. Elkins is qualified to serve as a director based on his experience as an executive officer of a large, publicly-traded consumer-facing company, his extensive financial background and M A experience. Mr. Elkins holds a Bachelor s degree in Economics from the University of Delaware, an M.S. degree from the University of Pennsylvania, and an M.B.A. from Drexel University. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS HANNEKE FABER Age: 56 Director since 2021 Independent Committees: Audit Business Experience: Chief Executive Officer, Logitech International S.A. (2023 Current) Unilever PLC (2018 2023) President Global Nutrition, (2022 2023); President Global Foods Refreshment, Unilever PLC (2019 2022); President Europe, Unilever PLC (2018 2019) Royal Ahold Delhaize (2013 2017) Chief Innovation eCommerce Officer (2016 2017); Chief Commercial Officer (2013 2016) Prior to 2013, Vice President and Global Leader, The Procter and Gamble Company U.S. Public Board Memberships: Current Logitech Previous (past five years ) Bayer AG Ms. Faber is qualified to serve as a director based on her experience as the chief executive officer of large global publicly-traded companies and her nearly 30 years of experience in technology, consumer goods and retail. Ms. Faber holds a Bachelor of Journalism and Master of Business Administration from the University of Houston. 24 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ANNE GATES Age: 65 Director since 2017 Independent Chair Committees: Audit, Governance and Nominations Business Experience: President, MGA Entertainment (2014 2017) The Walt Disney Company (1991 2012) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Disney Consumer Products; Managing Director for Disney Consumer Products Europe and Emerging Markets; Senior Vice President of Operations, Planning, and Analysis U.S. Public Board Memberships: Other Experience and Community Involvement: Current The Kroger Company Raymond James Financial, Inc. Packard Foundation Save the Children Salzburg Global Seminar Public Media Group of Southern California Ms. Gates is qualified to serve as a director and Board Chair based on her business acumen, financial literacy and her broad background in finance, marketing, strategy and business development, including growing international business, and her understanding of the retail and consumer products industries. Ms. Gates holds a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics from the University of California, Berkeley, and an M.Sc. in Operations Research from Columbia University. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS THOMAS GRECO Age: 67 Director since 2020 Independent Committees: Audit, Governance and Nominations Business Experience: Chief Executive Officer, FleetPride, Inc. (July 2025 Current) Advance Auto Parts (2016 -2024) Strategic Advisor at Advance Auto Parts (2023 2024); Chief Executive Officer of Advance Auto Parts (2016 2023) Chief Executive Officer of Frito-Lay North America unit of PepsiCo (2011 2016) Various leadership positions at The Procter Gamble Company (1986 2011) U.S. Public Board Memberships: Other Experience and Community Involvement: Current Wingstop Inc. Previous (past five years ) Centene Corporation Advance Auto Parts American Heart Association Mr. Greco is qualified to serve as a director based on his extensive leadership experience, including his experience as a chief executive officer, and his background in strategy, supply chain and logistics. Mr. Greco holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree form Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario and a Master of Business Administration from the Richard Ivey School of Business in London, Ontario. KEVIN HOURICAN Age: 52 Director since 2024 Independent Committees: Human Resources Business Experience: Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Sysco (February 2020 Current) Executive Vice President, CVS Health and President, CVS Pharmacy (2012 2020) Senior Vice President and Regional Director of Stores, Macy s (2006 2012) U.S. Public Board Memberships: Current Sysco Corporation Mr. Hourican is qualified to serve as a director based on his experience as the chief executive officer of a large, publicly-traded company as well as his strong operational and supply chain experience. Mr. Hourican holds an undergraduate degree in Economics and a master s degree in Supply Chain Management from The Pennsylvania State University. 26 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ALAN LAU Age: 50 Director since 2023 Independent Committees: Audit Business Experience: Chief Business Officer for Animoca Brands (2022 Current) Chairman and CEO of Tencent WeSure (2016 2022) Various roles, most recent, Senior Partner; Asia head for McKinsey Digital (1997 2016) Other Experience and Community Involvement: Vice-chair of M+ in Hong Kong Co-chair of the Asia committees at both Tate and The Guggenheim Mr. Lau is qualified to serve as a director based on his broad experience in engaging consumers across digital channels and leveraging technology and data analytics, as well as his deep knowledge of the important China market. Mr. Lau holds a master s degree in Engineering from Oxford University. PAMELA LIFFORD Age: 62 Director since 2020 Independent Committees: Human Resources Business Experience: President, Global Brands, Franchises, and Experiences, Warner Bros. Discovery (2016 2023) Executive Vice President, Global Licensing, Quicksilver (2013 2015) Executive Vice President, General Manager Global Fashion/Home/Infant - Disney Consumer Products, The Walt Disney Company (2000 2012) Ms. Lifford is qualified to serve as a director based on her unique and proven abilities to create global lifestyle brands through successful collaborations and her extensive experience in retail and licensing. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ANNABELLE YU LONG Age: 52 Director since 2016 Independent Business Experience: Founding and Managing Partner of BAI Capital (2021 Current) Bertelsmann (2008 - Current) Bertelsmann Group Management Committee (2011 Current); Chief Executive Officer of Bertelsmann China Corporate Center (2008 2020); Managing partner of Bertelsmann Asia Investments (2008 2020); Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments Bertelsmann Asia Media Development (2007); Bertelsmann Entrepreneur Program (2004 2006) U.S. Public Board Memberships: Other Experience and Community Involvement: Current Nio Inc. LexinFintech Holdings Ltd. The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Independent Director Linmon Media Limited, former Independent Director Governor of China Venture Capital and Private Equity Association Ms. Long is qualified to serve as a director based on her insight about the Chinese consumer and knowledge of and experience with the media landscape in China, along with her track record of investing in digital and lifestyle companies. Ms. Long holds a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Electronic Science and Technology in China and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business 28 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM This section should be read in conjunction with the Audit Committee Report presented below. Ratification of Appointment of Auditors; Attendance at Meetings The Audit Committee of Tapestry s Board has appointed Deloitte Touche LLP ( D T ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. We are asking stockholders to ratify the appointment of D T as our independent registered public accounting firm at the Annual Meeting. Representatives of D T are expected to be present at the virtual Annual Meeting. They will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. Our Bylaws do not require that the stockholders ratify the appointment of D T as our independent auditors. However, we are submitting the appointment of D T to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment, the Board and the Audit Committee will consider this fact when it appoints the independent auditors for the fiscal year ending July 3, 2027 ( fiscal year 2027 ). Even if the appointment of D T is ratified, the Audit Committee retains the discretion to appoint a different independent auditor at any time if it determines that such a change is in the best interests of the Company. At this time, the Board and the Audit Committee believe that the continued retention of D T to serve as our independent auditors is in the best interests of the Company. Ratification of the appointment of D T requires FOR votes from a majority of the votes cast on the matter at the Annual Meeting. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF D T AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL YEAR 2026. Fees for Audit and Other Services The aggregate fees for professional services rendered by D T for the fiscal years ended June 29, 2024 and June 28, 2025 were approximately as follows: Fiscal Year 2024 Fiscal Year 2025 Audit Fees (1) $5,842,000 $5,908,000 Audit-Related Fees (2) 384,000 353,000 Tax Fees (3) 1,328,000 1,010,000 All Other Fees (4) 4,000 (1) Includes the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, reviews of quarterly financial statements and audits of statutory filings. (2) Includes registration statement procedures, other accounting consultations and an audit of the employee benefit plan. (3) Includes fees for professional services related to national tax consulting services. (4) Includes fees for professional services related to HR advisory services. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy The Audit Committee is responsible for approving audit fees and is required to pre-approve all services provided by the independent auditors to assure that these services do not impair the auditor s independence. Under the Audit Committee pre-approval policy for external auditors (the Policy ), updated in 2016, the Audit Committee must pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent auditor. The Policy sets forth the procedures and conditions for such pre-approval of services to be performed by the independent auditor. The Policy utilizes both a framework of general pre-approval for certain specified services and specific pre-approval for all other services. Services that do not meet the Policy will require specific review and approval by the Audit Committee. In addition, when the scope of services being provided (and the related fees) meaningfully change, Tapestry and the independent auditors will provide an update to the Audit Committee. All services described in the table above have been approved by the Audit Committee or the Audit Committee Chair through the Policy or on an engagement-by-engagement basis. The Audit Committee considered the services listed above to be compatible with maintaining D T s independence. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit Committee (the Audit Committee ) of the Board of Directors of Tapestry, Inc. ( Tapestry ) is responsible for overseeing Tapestry s accounting and financial reporting principles and policies, financial statements and the independent audit thereof and Tapestry s internal audit controls and procedures. The Audit Committee is also responsible for selecting and evaluating the independence of Tapestry s independent auditors and for pre-approving the audit and non-audit services rendered by the independent auditors. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including Tapestry s systems of internal controls. The independent auditors are responsible for auditing the annual consolidated financial statements prepared by management and expressing an opinion as to whether those financial statements conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America as well as expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2025 with management and Tapestry s independent auditors. These discussions included a review of the reasonableness of significant judgments, the quality, not just acceptability, of Tapestry s accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee. Tapestry s independent auditors discussed their independence and also provided to the Audit Committee the written disclosures required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent auditor s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Based upon the review and discussions described in this report, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors of Tapestry that the audited financial statements be included in Tapestry s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2025 that has been filed with the SEC. Audit Committee Thomas Greco, Chair Anne Gates Hanneke Faber David Elkins Alan Lau 30 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth information regarding each of Tapestry s executive officers as of September 26, 2025: Name Age Position Joanne Crevoiserat (1) 61 Chief Executive Officer David Howard 50 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Todd Kahn 62 Chief Executive Officer and Brand President, Coach Denise Kulikowsky 57 Chief People Officer Scott Roe 60 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (1) Information regarding Ms. Crevoiserat is listed under Proposal No. 1: Election of directors. David Howard has served as the Company s Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since August 2025, after having served as the Company s General Counsel and Secretary since 2020. He previously served as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary from August 2018 through May 2020 and held several key roles in the Law Department since joining the Company in January 2011. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Howard served as Associate General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary at Mirant Corporation from 2008 to 2011, was a corporate attorney at Arnall Golden Gregory, LLP from 2002 to 2008, and practiced public accounting with Arthur Andersen LLP from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Howard holds a Bachelor and Master of Science degrees in Accounting from Wake Forest University and a Juris Doctor from the University of Georgia School of Law. Mr. Howard is also a Certified Public Accountant. Todd Kahn has served as Chief Executive Officer and Brand President, Coach since April 2021 after having served as the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Brand President since July 2020 and having led the revenue generating business units of the brand since March 2020. He joined the Company as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in January 2008 and held a number of successively senior roles, including Chief Legal Officer until March 2020, Company Secretary until August 2020, and President and Chief Administrative Officer from May 2016 until April 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kahn held leadership positions at several public and private companies. Mr. Kahn holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Touro College and a Juris Doctor from Boston University Law School. Denise Kulikowsky has served as Chief People Officer since joining the Company in October 2023. She previously worked at Party City Holdings Inc. from 2018 to 2023, serving first as the Chief Human Resources Officer and then as the Chief People and Administrative Officer. From 2015 to 2018, Ms. Kulikowsky was the Vice President, Global Human Resources for The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. Prior to joining The Estee Lauder Companies, she held several senior human resources positions at Gap Inc. Ms. Kulikowsky holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from Fordham University and a Master s degree in Counseling from The University of Pennsylvania. Scott Roe has served as Chief Financial Officer since joining the Company in June 2021, and as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer since August 2022. He also served as Head of Strategy from June 2021 until August 2022. Mr. Roe joined the Company from VF Corporation, where he served as Chief Financial Officer since April 2015, and as Executive Vice President since March 2019. Prior to his appointment as CFO in 2015, Mr. Roe served in a number of senior management positions since joining VF Corporation in 1996. Before joining VF Corporation, Mr. Roe worked in the OEM Automotive and Basic Materials industries after beginning his career at Ernst Young. Mr. Roe holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Tennessee. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS TAPESTRY STOCK OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The table below presents information, as of August 31, 2025, except as otherwise noted below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of Tapestry s common stock by each stockholder known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock, each director and director nominee, our NEOs, and all directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise noted, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. The beneficial ownership percentages set forth in the table below are based on 209,068,565 shares of Tapestry common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2025. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each individual listed below is c/o Tapestry, Inc., 10 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. In general, beneficial ownership by an individual or entity includes those shares an individual or entity has the power to vote or the power to transfer, and stock options or other derivative securities that are exercisable currently or will become exercisable within 60 days; however, shares exercisable within 60 days are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of ownership of any other individual or entity. Where indicated, the beneficial ownership described below includes share unit balances held under Tapestry s stock incentive plans and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors. The value of share units and share equivalents mirrors the value of Tapestry s common stock. The amounts ultimately realized by the directors will reflect all changes in the market value of Tapestry common stock from the date of deferral or accrual until the date of payout. The share equivalents do not have voting rights but are credited with dividend equivalents, if any, which will be forfeited if the underlying award forfeits. Beneficial Owner Shares owned Percent of Class(%) Vanguard (1) 28,461,321 13.61 FMR (2) 11,072,627 5.30 Joanne Crevoiserat (3) 1,669,279 * Scott Roe (4) 214,530 * Todd Kahn (5) 429,055 * David Howard (6) 49,824 * Denise Kulikowsky (7) 18,136 * John P. Bilbrey (8) 87,292 * Darrell Cavens (9) 82,676 * David Elkins (10) 7,121 * Hanneke Faber (11) 36,706 * Anne Gates (12) 76,804 * Thomas Greco (13) 44,553 * Kevin Hourican (14) 7,121 * Alan Lau (15) 20,958 * Pamela Lifford (16) 38,903 * Annabelle Yu Long (17) * All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (15 people) (18) 2,782,958 1.32 * Less than 1%. (1) The Vanguard Group ( Vanguard ), as of December 31, 2024, possessed shared voting power with respect to 225,306 shares of common stock, and sole dispositive power with respect to 27,599,966 shares of common stock and shared dispositive power with respect to 861,355 shares of common stock, based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 31, 2025. Vanguard is located at 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, PA 19355. 32 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS TAPESTRY STOCK OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT (2) FMR LLC ( FMR ) as of June 30, 2025, possessed sole voting power with respect to 9,345,596.15 shares of common stock and sole dispositive power with respect to 11,072,627.48 shares of common stock, respectively, based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on August 6, 2025. FMR is located at 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. (3) Includes 1,239,278 shares of common stock that may be purchased within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (4) Includes 151,417 shares of common stock that may be purchased within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (5) Includes 348,084 shares of common stock that may be purchased within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (6) Includes 35,968 shares of common stock that may be purchased within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (7) Includes 15,169 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (8) Includes 42,905 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (9) Includes 58,282 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (10) Includes 5,280 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (11) Includes 28,346 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (12) Includes 59,624 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (13) Includes 28,764 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (14) Includes 5,280 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (15) Includes 16,313 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (16) Includes 28,764 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of August 31, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options. (17) Ms. Long receives cash payments, in lieu of equity awards, due to complex regulatory requirements related to equity compensation in China. (18) Reflects ownership of all directors and the Company s executive officers as a group. Includes 2,063,474 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of August 31, 2025. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPANY S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The Board is committed to sound compensation governance and recognizes the interest of stockholders in executive compensation matters. On an annual basis, we provide our stockholders with an opportunity to cast an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our Named Executive Officers, or NEOs, as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section beginning on page 35 and the Executive Compensation section beginning on page 60 in this proxy statement. As this is an advisory vote, the result will not be binding on the Company, the Board or the HR Committee. However, the Board and HR Committee value the opinions expressed by our stockholders through their vote on this proposal, and the HR Committee will take into account the outcome of the advisory vote when evaluating the effectiveness of our compensation policies and practices and when making future compensation decisions for NEOs. At our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, approximately 93% of the votes cast were in favor of our advisory vote on executive compensation. The HR Committee believes this result reflected strong stockholder support for our executive compensation programs and decisions. We believe our people are our greatest differentiator and our executive compensation programs are designed to attract, motivate and retain individuals who are critical to our success. Tapestry s pay-for-performance philosophy regarding executive compensation is straightforward: reward our executives for their contributions to the Company s annual and long-term performance by tying a significant portion of their total compensation to key business drivers and stockholder value. Reflecting this philosophy, a significant portion of executive compensation is subject to increase when results exceed target, reduction when results fall below target and elimination if results do not achieve a threshold level of performance. The variable short-term and long-term incentive plans are designed to incentivize and reward management for delivering results that prioritize sustainable brand health and maximize stockholder value creation. We believe the Tapestry compensation programs are deserving of stockholder support. Stockholders are urged to read the Executive Compensation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis sections of this proxy statement, which describes our executive compensation philosophy and programs in greater detail, as well as compensation decisions made by the HR Committee for our NEOs with respect to fiscal year ended 2025. Say on Pay Proposal The Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory non-binding vote basis, the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers, as discussed and described in the proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, set forth in Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the accompanying executive compensation tables and narrative discussion. Adoption of the above resolution requires FOR votes from a majority of the votes cast on the matter at the Annual Meeting. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION APPROVING THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. 34 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the compensation program for our NEOs for fiscal year 2025: Name Title Joanne Crevoiserat Chief Executive Officer Scott Roe Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Todd Kahn Chief Executive Officer and Brand President, Coach David Howard Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Denise Kulikowsky Chief People Officer This Compensation Discussion and Analysis is divided into the following sections: Page Executive Summary 36 What We Pay and Why 40 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation 44 Other Compensation and Benefit Elements 53 Compensation Decision Making Process 53 Additional Information 56 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Summary Fiscal Year 2025 Performance In fiscal year 2025, the Company delivered record top- and bottom-line results, underscoring the strength of Tapestry s brand-building strategy and its resonance with a new generation of consumers globally. Despite a rapidly evolving and uncertain macroeconomic landscape, we continued to drive revenue, operating margin, and EPS expansion. Our bias for action, global scale, compelling value proposition, and strong fundamentals position us to drive durable growth and stockholder value. Tapestry achieved key targets we set at our Investor Day three years ago, delivering over $5 in adjusted earnings per share and returning more than $3 billion cumulatively to stockholders. Financial Results Select Tapestry, Inc. fiscal year 2025 financial results include: Fiscal Year 2025 Results (1) ($ in millions, except per share amounts) Measure GAAP Non-GAAP (2) Change Versus Fiscal Year 2024 on a GAAP Basis Change Versus Fiscal Year 2024 on a Non- GAAP Basis (2) Net sales $7,010.7 $7,024.1 5.1% 5.3% Diluted earnings per share $ 0.82 $ 5.10 (76.5)% 18.9% Annual cash dividend $1.40 per share as of June 28, 2025 n/m Total Shareholder return (3) 1 year: 108.35% 3 year: 209.57% (1) See Appendix A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). See page 37 of the Company s Annual Form 10-K for a reconciliation of non-GAAP Diluted earnings per share to GAAP. (2) Non-GAAP revenue / growth vs. fiscal year 2024 presented on a constant currency basis. (3) Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) includes dividends reinvested. 36 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Actions We believe our people are our greatest competitive differentiator. As we entered fiscal year 2025, we did not implement significant changes in our executive compensation plan design or philosophy (for details, see the Fiscal 2025 Compensation Program Highlights table below). Consistent with our practice since fiscal year 2023, we did not provide automatic annual base salary increases for our key leadership positions, including our NEOs. Rather, we continued to provide targeted merit increases if warranted by our annual market benchmarking analysis. None of our NEOs received merit increases in fiscal year 2025. Performance-Based Compensation Our financial results in fiscal year 2025 were strong despite economic and geopolitical headwinds. At the enterprise level, Tapestry performed above targets established by the HR Committee, and therefore our NEOs earned 189.4% of target payout under the plan for the Tapestry portion of their 2025 Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) results. Results for the Coach brand exceeded maximum performance levels, and therefore Mr. Kahn (the NEO tied to the Coach segment) earned 200% of target payout for the Coach brand portion of his 2025 AIP results. With respect to a potential +/- 10% operational modifier to the 2025 AIP based on performance relating to our culture of inclusion and belonging, the HR Committee determined that the objectives were achieved at target. As a result, there was no adjustment to the calculated AIP payout based on financial performance. At the start of fiscal year 2023, the HR Committee granted annual PRSUs tied to Cumulative Sales, Average Return on Invested Capital and Relative Total Shareholder Return for fiscal years 2023 - 2025 (the FY23-25 Annual PRSUs ) to approximately 50 corporate leaders including our NEOs. The performance results for the FY23-25 Annual PRSUs were above target, and therefore, the number of shares earned by NEOs under these awards equaled 118.3% of target. The following table summarizes the status of NEO incentive plan awards as of the end of fiscal year 2025: 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Stockholder Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation and the HR Committee s Response to Stockholder Feedback At our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, approximately 93% of the votes cast were in favor of our advisory vote on executive compensation. Management and the HR Committee reviewed our stockholders affirmative 2024 Say on Pay vote and believe it indicates strong support for our current executive compensation program and practices. Ahead of the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we reached out to approximately 40 stockholders, representing approximately 70% of shares outstanding. Although our investors did not express concerns in advance of our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we continued to engage with our stockholders on a number of issues throughout fiscal year 2025 to understand their perspectives on the Company s executive compensation program and other items of interest or concern. Our stockholders expressed support for our overall executive compensation program. Our engagement with stockholders is valuable and informative and we intend to continue discussions to further understand our investors perspectives on our executive compensation program and other governance matters. 38 | 2025 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Compensation Practices Tapestry s executive compensation philosophy is focused on pay for performance and reflects governance practices that align with the needs of our business. Below is a summary of compensation practices we have adopted to drive performance and to align with stockholder interests, alongside those practices we do not employ. WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO Pay for Performance. No Excise Tax Gross-Ups Upon Change in Control. Stock Ownership Policy for NEOs. No Excessive Executive Perquisites. Double Trigger Equity Acceleration upon a Change-in-Control. No Tax Gross-Ups on Perquisites or Benefits, other than Standard Relocation Costs. Independent Compensation Consultant retained by HR Committee. No Payment of Dividends on Unvested Long-term Incentives. Regular Review of Share Utilization with Burn Rate of 1.5% in fiscal year 2025. No Repricing of Underwater Stock Options without Stockholder Approval. Maintain a Clawback Policy that Applies to Both Section 16 officers and a Broader Group of Key Executives. No Inclusion of Long-term Incentive Awards in Severance or Retirement Benefit Calculations. Minimum Required Notice Period for voluntary resignations of NEOs. No Permitted Hedging, Short Sales or Derivative Transactions in Company stock. Balance of Short and Long-term Performance Metrics. No Guaranteed or Automatic Annual Salary Increases for NEOs. Annual Say on Pay Vote. No Fixed Term or Evergreen NEO Employment Agreements. Regular Stockholder Outreach. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT | 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS What We Pay and Why Compensation Program Objectives We are focused on durable growth and value creation across Tapestry and our brands. Our strong fundamentals, global scale, innovation, and compelling value proposition to consumers drive long-term brand health and sustained increases in stockholder value. Our compensation programs are aligned with this objective: we deliver a market-competitive level of fixed compensation with the opportunity for above-average rewards when the Company and the executive exceed our performance objectives. The compensation program for Tapestry s NEOs is designed to serve the following goals: reward performance, with performance-based pay constituting a majority of total compensation; support the attainment of the Company s short- and long-term strategic and financial objectives; align NEOs interests with those of our stockholders and encourage ownership of Company stock by our NEOs; reward NEOs for achieving the challenging financial and strategic targets that we believe ultimately will drive stockholder value; enable us to attract, retain and reward the best talent in the luxury retail industry, which is necessary to profitably grow our business and drive stockholder value; and be competitive with our peer companies. Elements of Compensation Compensation for our NEOs includes both fixed and performance-based components, with an emphasis on performance-based elements to support the objectives listed above. We consider a component to be performance-based if the amount eventually earned or paid varies based on one or more elements of the Company s financial performance (e.g., sales, operating income, gross margin, etc.), operational measures or stock price appreciation. Performance-based components are designed so that above-plan performance is rewarded with above-target payouts and vice versa. The fixed components of compensation are designed to be competitive and are typically a minority portion of the total mix of each executive s compensation package. We do not attempt to align each element of compensation to specific peer company percentiles or ratios; rather, peer company data is one of several factors considered by the HR Committee when determining executive compensation. See Compensation Decision Making Proce