=== TPR_2025-08-14.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this report. These factors are not necessarily all of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. 1 In this Form 10-K, references to we, our, us, "Tapestry" and the Company refer to Tapestry, Inc., including consolidated subsidiaries as of June 28, 2025 ("fiscal 2025"). References to "Coach," "Kate Spade," "kate spade new york" or "Stuart Weitzman" refer only to the referenced brand. Fiscal 2025 was a 52-week period, June 29, 2024 ("fiscal 2024") was a 52-week period, and July 1, 2023 ("fiscal 2023") was a 52-week period. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Tapestry, Inc. (the "Company") is a house of iconic accessories and lifestyle brands. Our global house of brands unites the magic of Coach and kate spade new york. Each of our brands are unique and independent, while sharing a commitment to innovation and authenticity defined by distinctive products and differentiated customer experiences across channels and geographies. We use our collective strengths to move our customers and empower our communities, to make the fashion industry more sustainable, and to harness the power of an inclusive culture. Individually, our brands are iconic. Together, we can stretch what s possible. OUR BRANDS The Company has three reportable segments: Coach - Coach is a global fashion house of accessories and lifestyle collections, founded in New York City in 1941. Inspired by the vision of Expressive Luxury and the inclusive and courageous spirit of its hometown, the brand makes beautiful things, crafted to last for you to be yourself in. Coach has built a legacy of craftsmanship and a community that champions the courage to be real. Coach includes global sales of primarily Coach brand products to customers through our direct-to-consumer ("DTC"), wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 79.9% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. Kate Spade - Since its launch in 1993 with a collection of six essential handbags, kate spade new york has always been colorful, bold and optimistic. Today, it is a global lifestyle brand that designs extraordinary things for the everyday, delivering seasonal collections of handbags, ready-to-wear, jewelry, footwear, gifts, home d cor and more. Known for its rich heritage and unique brand DNA, kate spade new york offers a distinctive point of view and celebrates communities of women around the globe who live their perfectly imperfect lifestyles. Kate Spade includes global sales of primarily kate spade new york brand products to customers through our DTC, wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 17.1% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. Stuart Weitzman - Since 1986, New York City based global luxury footwear brand Stuart Weitzman has combined its signature artisanal craftsmanship and precise engineering to empower women to stand strong. Having perfected the art of shoemaking for nearly 40 years, the brand continues to expand its assortment to feature handbags and men's footwear, all the while staying true to its ethos of inspiring strength and confidence with every step. Stuart Weitzman includes global sales of primarily Stuart Weitzman brand products to customers through our DTC, wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 3.0% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has certain corporate expenses that are not directly attributable to its brands ("Unallocated corporate expenses"); therefore, they are not allocated to its segments. Such costs primarily include certain overhead expenses related to corporate functions as well as certain administration, corporate occupancy, information technology and depreciation costs. On February 16, 2025, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ) with Caleres, Inc. (the Purchaser ) to sell the Stuart Weitzman Business (as defined below). The Purchaser acquired certain assets and liabilities of the Company's global business of designing, manufacturing, promotion, marketing, production, distribution, sales and licensing of Stuart Weitzman branded products (the "Stuart Weitzman Business"). The sale was completed on August 4, 2025 (the "Stuart Weitzman Business Divestiture"). Refer to Note 5, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," and Note 21, "Subsequent Events," for further information. Refer to Note 17, "Segment Information," for further information about the Company's segments. OUR STRATEGY In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company introduced the 2025 growth strategy, future speed, designed to amplify and extend the competitive advantages of its brands, with a focus on four strategic priorities: Building Lasting Customer Relationships: The Company's brands aim to leverage Tapestry s transformed business model to drive customer lifetime value through a combination of increased customer acquisition, retention and reactivation. 2 Fueling Fashion Innovation Product Excellence: The Company aims to drive sustained growth in core handbags and small leathergoods, while accelerating gains in footwear and lifestyle products. Delivering Compelling Omni-Channel Experiences: The Company aims to extend its omni-channel leadership to meet the customer wherever they shop, delivering growth online and in stores. Powering Global Growth: The Company aims to support balanced growth across regions, prioritizing North America and China, its largest markets, while capitalizing on opportunities in under-penetrated geographies such as Southeast Asia and Europe. The Company's next investor day will be held in September 2025, during which the Company will present its latest long-term growth strategy. DIRECT TO CONSUMER BUSINESS Our DTC business consists of channels that provide us with immediate, controlled access to consumers. This includes retail and outlet stores, brand e-commerce sites as well as concession shop-in-shops. DTC revenues were approximately 86% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. Stores - Our brands operate freestanding retail stores, outlet stores, as well as concession shop-in-shop locations. These stores are located in regional shopping centers, metropolitan areas throughout the world and established outlet centers. Store Count 2025 2024 2023 Coach North America 324 324 330 International 607 606 609 Total Coach 931 930 939 Kate Spade North America 189 197 205 International 171 181 192 Total Kate Spade 360 378 397 Stuart Weitzman North America 28 34 36 International 52 60 57 Total Stuart Weitzman 80 94 93 Tapestry North America 541 555 571 International 830 847 858 Total Tapestry 1,371 1,402 1,429 3 Avg. Square Footage 2025 2024 2023 Coach North America 4,907 4,905 4,904 International 2,388 2,342 2,294 Total Coach 3,265 3,235 3,211 Kate Spade North America 3,023 2,949 2,876 International 1,502 1,439 1,446 Total Kate Spade 2,301 2,226 2,185 Stuart Weitzman North America 1,927 1,938 1,905 International 1,371 1,338 1,371 Total Stuart Weitzman 1,566 1,555 1,578 Tapestry North America 4,095 4,029 3,987 International 2,142 2,078 2,043 Total Tapestry 2,912 2,850 2,820 Digital - We view our digital platform as an instrument to deliver our products to customers directly with the benefit of added accessibility as consumers can purchase our products beyond where our physical locations are based. We have e-commerce sites in our major markets in the U.S., Canada, Japan, Greater China, several throughout Europe, Australia, and several throughout the rest of Asia. Additionally, we continue to leverage various third-party digital platforms to sell our products to customers. 4 WHOLESALE BUSINESS Our wholesale business primarily includes major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners. We work closely with our wholesale partners to ensure a clear and consistent product presentation. We enhance our presentation with proprietary brand fixtures within the department store environment in select locations. We custom tailor our assortments through wholesale product planning and allocation processes to match the attributes to the consumers of our wholesale partners in each local market. We continue to closely monitor inventories held by our wholesale customers in an effort to optimize inventory levels across wholesale doors. Wholesale represented approximately 13% of our total net sales for fiscal 2025. As of June 28, 2025, there were no customers who individually accounted for more than 10% of each segment s total net sales. LICENSING BUSINESS Our brands take an active role in the design process and control the marketing and distribution of products in our worldwide licensing relationships. Our key licensing relationships and their fiscal year expirations as of June 28, 2025 are as follows: Brand Category Partner Fiscal Year Expiration Coach Eyewear Luxottica 2026 Coach Watches Movado 2028 Coach Fragrance Interparfums 2031 Kate Spade Tech Accessories Case-Mate 2027 Kate Spade Sleepwear Komar 2028 Kate Spade Fashion Bedding Live Comfortably 2028 Kate Spade Stationery and Gift Lifeguard Press 2030 Kate Spade Fragrance Interparfums 2030 Kate Spade Eyewear Safilo 2031 Products made under license are, in most cases, sold through stores and wholesale business channels and, with the Company's approval, the licensees have the right to distribute products selectively through other venues, which provide additional, yet controlled, exposure of our brands. Our licensing partners generally pay royalties on their net sales of our branded products. Such royalties currently comprise approximately 1% of Tapestry's total net sales. The licensing agreements generally give our brands the right to terminate the license if specified sales targets are not achieved. 5 PRODUCTS The following table shows Net sales for each of our product categories by segment. Fiscal Year Ended June 28, 2025 June 29, 2024 July 1, 2023 Amount % of Total segment net sales Amount % of Total segment net sales Amount % of Total segment net sales (millions) Coach Handbags $ 3,223.3 57.6 % $ 2,889.9 56.7 % $ 2,847.1 57.4 % Accessories 1,539.5 27.5 1,407.9 27.6 1,325.7 26.7 Footwear 342.5 6.1 326.0 6.4 311.5 6.3 Other 493.2 8.8 471.5 9.3 476.1 9.6 Total Coach $ 5,598.5 100.0 % $ 5,095.3 100.0 % $ 4,960.4 100.0 % Kate Spade Handbags $ 623.0 52.1 % $ 721.0 54.0 % $ 779.7 54.9 % Accessories 269.8 22.5 307.0 23.0 324.8 22.9 Footwear 55.2 4.6 57.4 4.3 57.8 4.1 Other 249.1 20.8 249.0 18.7 256.6 18.1 Total Kate Spade $ 1,197.1 100.0 % $ 1,334.4 100.0 % $ 1,418.9 100.0 % Stuart Weitzman (1) $ 215.1 100.0 % $ 241.5 100.0 % $ 281.6 100.0 % Tapestry Handbags $ 3,846.3 54.9 % $ 3,610.9 54.1 % $ 3,626.8 54.4 % Accessories 1,809.3 25.8 1,714.9 25.7 1,650.5 24.8 Footwear 612.8 8.7 624.9 9.4 650.9 9.8 Other 742.3 10.6 720.5 10.8 732.7 11.0 Total Tapestry $ 7,010.7 100.0 % $ 6,671.2 100.0 % $ 6,660.9 100.0 % (1) The significant majority of sales for Stuart Weitzman is attributable to footwear and therefore all of Stuart Weitzman net sales are within the Tapestry Footwear category. Handbags This category primarily includes handbags classically inspired as well as fashion designs, business cases, computer bags, messenger-style bags, backpacks, travel bags and totes. Accessories This category primarily includes small leather goods, such as mini and micro handbags, money pieces, wristlets, pouches and cosmetic cases. Also included in this category are novelty accessories (including address books, time management accessories, travel accessories, sketchbooks and portfolios), belts, key rings, technology accessories, gifting, straps and charms. Footwear This category primarily includes women's and men's footwear, including casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers and sandals. Other This category primarily includes outerwear, ready-to-wear, jewelry, watches, eyewear, fragrance, scarves, hats, gloves, other products, as well as royalties earned from the Company's licensing partners. DESIGN AND MERCHANDISING Our creative leaders are responsible for conceptualizing and implementing the design direction for our brands across the consumer touchpoints of product, stores and marketing. At Tapestry, each brand has a dedicated design and merchandising team; this ensures that Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman speak to their customers with a voice and positioning unique to 6 their brand. Designers have access to the brands' extensive archives of product designs, which are a valuable resource for product concepts. Our designers collaborate with strong merchandising teams that analyze sales, market trends and consumer preferences to identify market opportunities that help guide each season's design process and create a globally relevant product assortment. Leveraging our strategic investments that we have made in data and analytics tools, merchandisers are able to gain a deeper understanding of customer behavior which empowers our teams to respond to changes in consumer preferences and demand as well as scale opportunities across brands with greater speed and efficiency. Our merchandising teams are committed to managing the product life cycle to maximize sales and profitability across all business channels. The product category teams, each comprised of design, merchandising, product development and sourcing specialists, help each brand execute design concepts that are consistent with the brand's strategic direction. Our design and merchandising teams also work in close collaboration with all of our licensing partners to ensure that the licensed products are conceptualized and designed to address the intended market opportunity and convey the distinctive perspective and lifestyle associated with our brands. MARKETING Our marketing objective is to build emotional connections with consumers to drive acquisition. We use a 360-degree approach to marketing for each of our brands, synchronizing our efforts across all business channels to ensure consistency at every touchpoint. Our global marketing strategy is to deliver a consistent, relevant and multi-layered message every time the consumer comes in contact with our brands through our communications, visual merchandising and customer experiences. Each brand's distinctive positioning is communicated by our creative marketing, visual merchandising and public relations teams, as well as outside creative agencies. We also have a sophisticated consumer and market research capability and leverage third-party experts to gain insights into consumer attitudes and trends. We engage in many consumer communication initiatives globally, including activities at a national, regional and local level. Total expenses attributable to the Company's marketing-related activities in fiscal 2025 were $744.5 million, representing nearly 11% of net sales, compared to $616.8 million in fiscal 2024, representing over 9% of net sales. Our wide range of marketing activities utilize a variety of media, including digital, social, television, print and out-of-home. Our respective brand websites serve as effective communication vehicles by providing an immersive brand experience, showcasing the fullest expression across product categories. As part of our direct marketing strategy, we use databases of consumers to generate personalized communications in direct channels such as email and text messages to drive engagement. Visitors to our e-commerce sites provide an opportunity to increase the size of these consumer databases, in addition to serving as a point of transactions globally, except where restricted. The Company has several regional informational websites for locations where we have not established an e-commerce presence. The Company utilizes social media and continues to explore digital technologies to create emotional connections with consumers, acquire new customers and build brand awareness, in addition to increasing on-line and store sales. MANUFACTURING Tapestry carefully balances its commitments to a limited number of better brand partners that have demonstrated integrity, quality and reliable delivery. The Company continues to evaluate new manufacturing sources and geographies to deliver high quality products at competitive costs and to mitigate the impact of manufacturing in inflationary markets. Our raw material suppliers, independent manufacturers and licensing partners must achieve and maintain high quality standards, which are an integral part of our brands' identity. Before directly partnering with a new manufacturing vendor for finished goods, the Company evaluates each facility by conducting a quality, business practice standards and social compliance review. We expect finished good manufacturers to undergo a social compliance audit before being approved as a Tapestry supplier. Manufacturers working with our licensed partners are expected to have had an acceptable social compliance audit conducted within the prior six months of their onboarding date. Suppliers that fail to meet our standards are not approved until an acceptable report is provided. We also conduct periodic evaluations of existing, previously approved finished good suppliers. We believe that our manufacturing partners are in material compliance with the Company s integrity standards. These independent manufacturers each or in aggregate support a broad mix of product types, materials and a seasonal influx of new, fashion-oriented styles, which allows us to meet shifts in marketplace demand and changes in consumer preferences. We have longstanding relationships with purveyors of fine leathers and hardware. Although our products are manufactured by independent manufacturers, we maintain a strong level of oversight in the selection of key raw materials and compliance with quality control standards is monitored through on-site quality inspections at independent manufacturing facilities. We maintain strong oversight of the supply chain process for each of our brands from design through manufacturing. We are able to do this by maintaining sourcing management offices in Vietnam, mainland China, the Philippines, Cambodia and 7 Spain that work closely with our independent manufacturers. This broad-based, global manufacturing strategy is designed to optimize the mix of cost, lead times and construction capabilities. During fiscal 2025, manufacturers of Coach products were primarily located in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and India and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. During fiscal 2025, Kate Spade products were manufactured primarily in Vietnam, Cambodia, mainland China, and the Philippines and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. Stuart Weitzman products were primarily manufactured in Spain. During fiscal 2025, Stuart Weitzman had one vendor, located in Spain, who individually provided approximately 11% of the brand's total inventory purchases. FULFILLMENT The Company s distribution network is designed to support the movement of each brand's products from our manufacturers to fulfillment centers around the world. These fulfillment centers are either directly operated by the Company or by independent third parties, some of which support multiple brands. Our facilities use bar code scanning warehouse management systems, where our fulfillment center employees use handheld scanners to read product bar codes. This allows for accurate storage and order processing and allows us to provide excellent service to our customers. These facilities are also integrated into our Enterprise Resource Planning system, ensuring accurate inventory reporting. Our products are primarily shipped to retail stores, wholesale customers and e-commerce customers. In North America, we maintain fulfillment centers in Florida, Nevada and Ohio, operated by Tapestry. The Company also has third-party facilities in Canada and Mexico. Globally, we utilize regional fulfillment centers in mainland China, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Spain, owned and operated by third parties, that support multiple countries. We also utilize local fulfillment centers, through third parties in Japan, parts of Greater China, South Korea, Malaysia and Australia. INFORMATION SYSTEMS The Company s information systems are integral in supporting the Company s long-term strategies. Our robust information technology platform serves as a foundation to drive growth and enhance consumer centricity initiatives, and enable data-driven decision making. We are continually enhancing our digital technology platforms to elevate our e-commerce capabilities, strengthen DTC functionalities, and deliver a seamless overall omni-channel experience leveraging modern and cloud-based technologies. During fiscal 2025, we continued to enhance our artificial intelligence, both predictive and generative, and machine learning models for areas such as data analytics, planning, marketing, customer journey personalization, pricing and product creation, to improve our customer capture and segmentation capabilities for more tailored and effective engagement. The Company utilizes a cloud-based digital platform which integrates critical components of our businesses including our customer shopping sites, Order Management Systems, Point of Sale systems, Customer Services, Enterprise Resource Planning systems and product management systems into one cohesive platform with a shared codebase. This unified platform allows us to be a more dynamic and responsive company providing best-in-class service to our customers across all brands in North America, Europe and Japan. Refer to Part I, Item 1C, "Cybersecurity" for further information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Tapestry owns COACH, KATE SPADE and STUART WEITZMAN, as well as all of the material trademark, design and patent-rights related to the production, marketing, distribution and sale of our products in the United States and other countries in which our products are principally sold. In addition, the Company licenses trademarks and copyrights used in connection with the production, marketing and distribution of certain categories of goods and limited edition collaborations. Tapestry also owns and maintains registrations in countries around the world for trademarks in relevant classes of products and services. In addition, Tapestry owns trade dress, copyrights, design patents and utility patents for its brands' product designs. Tapestry aggressively polices its intellectual property and pursues infringers both domestically and internationally. The Company pursues counterfeiters through leads generated internally, as well as through its network of investigators, law enforcement and customs officials, the respective online reporting form for each brand, the Tapestry hotline and business partners around the world. 8 SEASONALITY The Company's results are typically affected by seasonal trends. During the first fiscal quarter, we typically build inventory for the winter and holiday season. In the second fiscal quarter, working capital requirements are reduced substantially as we generate higher net sales and operating income, especially during the holiday season. Fluctuations in net sales, operating income and operating cash flows of the Company in any fiscal quarter may be affected by the timing of wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales, including weather and macroeconomic events. GOVERNMENT REGULATION Most of the Company's imported products are subject to tariffs, indirect taxes, quotas and non-tariff trade barriers that may limit the quantity of products that we may import into the U.S. and other countries or may impact the cost of such products. The Company is not materially restricted by quotas or other government restrictions in the operation of its business; however, customs duties do represent a component of total product cost. To maximize opportunities, the Company operates complex supply chains through foreign trade zones, bonded logistic parks and other strategic initiatives such as free trade agreements. Additionally, the Company operates a direct import business in many countries worldwide. As a result, the Company is subject to stringent government regulations and restrictions, adding significant complexity with respect to its cross-border activity either by the various customs and border protection agencies or by other government agencies which control the quality, safety and sustainability of the Company s products. The Company maintains an internal global trade, customs and product compliance organization to help manage its import/export and regulatory affairs activity. COMPETITION The Company faces intense competition from many other brands in the product lines and markets that we participate. In varying degrees, depending on the product category involved, we compete on the basis of style, price, customer service, quality, brand prestige and recognition, among others. Over the last decade, these brands have grown and are expected to continue to grow, encouraging the entry of new competitors as well as increasing the competition from existing competitors. This increased competition drives interest in these brand loyal categories. We believe, however, that we have significant competitive advantages because of the recognition and the acceptance of our brands by consumers and the power of our information technology platform. 9 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY As a people-centered and purpose-led Company, Tapestry believes that a better-made future is one that is both beautiful and responsible. Our Corporate Responsibility ( CR ) strategy, the Fabric of Change , aims to unite teams across the Company s business to work to meet our Corporate Responsibility Goals and a shared objective: to create a company of the future that balances true fashion authority with meaningful, positive change. The Fabric of Change focuses on four pillars: Power of Our People, Sustain the Planet, Uplift Our Communities and Create Products with Care. Power of Our People: As our company name suggests, we believe in the intertwining of a broad mix of people who bring a variety of perspectives, unleashing the power of innovation and self-expression in our products and experiences. As a global employer, we work to continuously expand our aperture as wide as possible to acquire, retain and grow the best talent. Sustain the Planet: We aim to preserve and restore our planet through investments in solutions that improve biodiversity and reduce the impacts of climate change. We have set goals focused on utilizing 100% renewable energy in our own operations globally, reducing waste in our corporate and fulfillment centers and minimizing water use across our company and supply chain. We also have greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions reduction targets for Scope 1, 2, 3 and Scope 3 Forest, Land and Agriculture that have been validated by Science Based Targets initiative. Uplift Our Communities: We aim to empower the communities where our employees live and work, and provide the resources and capacity needed to support supply chain partners in the regions where we operate. We have set goals focused on volunteer service hours completed by our employees around the world, financial and product donations to nonprofit organizations globally, and ensuring people working in the factories crafting our products will have access to empowerment programs during the workday. Create Products with Care: We aim to increase the use of innovative materials and focus on production methods that design out waste and pollution, keep products in use and restore natural systems. We have set goals focused on tracing and mapping our raw materials, and targets to increase the uptake of sourcing environmentally preferred materials. The Company s CR strategy, including oversight, management and identification of risks, is ultimately governed by the Board of Directors (the "Board") and overseen by an Executive Steering Committee, which is comprised of members of our executive leadership team, and driven by a Task Force, comprised of senior leaders and cross-functional members from major business functions. The Board approves long-term sustainability goals, strategic moves or major plans of action and receives updates at least annually. Tapestry's Governance and Nominations Committee of the Board receives quarterly updates on sustainability strategy, including climate-related topics, progress towards the CR goals and other CR related initiatives. Additional information on the Fabric of Change and CR Goals can be found at www.tapestry.com/responsibility. The content on this website and the content in our corporate responsibility reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. HUMAN CAPITAL At Tapestry, being true to yourself is core to who we are. When each of us brings our individuality to our collective ambition, our creativity is unleashed. This global house of brands was built by unconventional entrepreneurs and unexpected solutions, so when we say we believe in dreams, we mean we believe in making them happen. Where differences intersect, new thinking emerges. We cultivate a place for people who are both warm and rigorous, work that is both challenging and fun and a culture led by both head and heart. Most of all, we bring together the unique spirits of our people and our brands and give them a place to move their work and our industry forward. 10 Governance and Oversight Our Board and its committees provide governance and oversight of the Company's strategy, including over issues of human capital management. The Board has designated the Human Resources Committee of the Board (the HR Committee ) as the primary committee responsible for the Company s human capital strategy, overseeing executive compensation programs, performance and talent development, succession planning, engagement and regular review of employee benefits and well-being strategies. The full Board and the HR Committee receive quarterly updates on the Company s talent development strategies and other applicable areas of human capital management. Unlocking the power of our people is a key strategic focus area for the Company, supported by significant engagement from the Company s senior leadership on talent development and human capital management, as reflected in the key programs and focus areas described below. Employees As of June 28, 2025, the Company employed approximately 19,000 employees globally. Of these employees, approximately 15,100 employees worked in retail locations, of which 6,500 were part-time employees. This total excludes seasonal and temporary employees that the Company employs, particularly during the second quarter due to the holiday season. The Company believes that its relations with its employees are good and has never encountered a strike or work stoppage. Embracing Difference by Design We believe that having a variety of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences makes us more innovative and successful and brings us closer to our consumer. We believe that difference sparks brilliance, so we welcome people and ideas from everywhere to join us in stretching what's possible. Our core values of Embracing Difference by Design and Stand Taller Together are non-negotiable, it is who we are. They are the bedrock of the kind of ingenuity that turns heads, turns objects into icons and comes only from the places few have looked before. To support these actions, we are guided by four interconnected principles: Talent: Identify, retain and grow the best talent making us an employer of choice in a rapidly evolving talent marketplace. Culture: Cultivate a workplace culture where everyone can fully contribute and reach their potential by feeling included, that they belong and that they matter. Community: Amplify our brands and support the communities in which our employees live and work. Marketplace: Growing our customer base in line with the market and shifting dynamics. Additionally, we believe educating our employees is crucial in achieving our goals. We have curated a catalogue of learning and development content, tools and resources, including bespoke skill-building programs to accommodate our dynamic employee population. Furthermore, the Company has focused on providing employees with resources to foster continuing education and conversation through 'Tapestry UNSCRIPTED', which is an internal speaker series for our employees designed to bring our values to life. We feel hosting bold conversations about our values provides an opportunity for us to be inspired, discover ideas and ignite personal passions. Tapestry is committed to inclusion and opportunity for all through our corporate partnerships and best practice benchmarking groups through our corporate efforts. Our focus on fostering an equitable work environment has led to continued recognition in the form of awards from Forbes as one of the World s Most Admired Companies; Newsweek for America s Greatest Workplaces for Mental Well-being; America s Greatest Workplaces for Women and Greatest Workplaces 2025; and official certification from Great Place to Work in the US and several countries globally. 11 Total Rewards Tapestry is dedicated to being a place where our employees love to work, where they feel recognized and rewarded for all that they do. Maintaining a competitive total compensation program helps us attract, motivate and retain the key talent we need to achieve outstanding business and financial results. To accomplish this goal, we strive to appropriately align our total compensation with the pay, benefits and rewards offered by companies that compete with us for talent in the marketplace. Our Total Compensation Program includes cash pay, annual and long-term incentives, benefits and other special programs that our employees value. We strive to pay each employee fairly and competitively across our brands. Tapestry's primary compensation principle is to "pay for performance." Tapestry's practice is to pay a competitive base salary and provide corporate employees with the opportunity to earn an annual bonus tied to Tapestry's and its brands' financial performance, and provide store employees with the opportunity to earn sales incentives. Approximately 2,400 of our employees, including nearly all of our store managers, received an annual long-term equity award in 2025, which aligns employee interests with those of our stockholders, rewards employees for enhancing stockholder value and supports retention of key employees. Our benefits package, which varies by country, is designed to be competitive and comprehensive. Our benefits, along with competitive pay, include health benefits, vacation time, and paid Company holidays for directly hired full-time and qualifying part-time employees. Additionally, we offer parental leave for directly hired full-time employees. The Company also offers retirement benefits and paid wellness days for full-time and part-time employees. To support employees in achieving their career and financial goals, the Company also provides access to learning opportunities on personal finances, as well as physical and mental wellness, through various platforms based on the location of the employee. Talent Acquisition and Development Hiring talented employees is critically important to us, as we consider our employees around the world to be our greatest asset. Our recruitment and sourcing strategy focuses on tapping many sources to attract the best talent to our organization and then retaining them through our continued investments in resources that provide our employees with the tools for development and career advancement. Our internal opportunity program encourages employees to stretch themselves in their career development, aligning their capabilities with career interests and goals. We strive to provide a working environment where our people can grow and progress their careers within the Company. We are committed to helping our employees develop the knowledge, skills and abilities needed for continued success and encourage employee development at all levels and every career stage. Our development programs enable individual and team success through targeted initiatives and resources, offering a wide-ranging curriculum focused on professional and leadership development for leaders, managers and individual contributors, including through our Manager Effectiveness Program, Better Conversations Everyday Program, Leader Transition Acceleration Program and third-party learning platforms, in addition to other trainings and education facilitated through the Company for all employees. Performance management is critical to our ability to reach our goals and foster a culture of success. By having a dynamic, performance-driven culture, we can achieve greater results, maximize employee, manager and team performance and offer exciting development and career opportunities. In fiscal year 2025, we transitioned from an annual performance review cycle to one that has managers and employees meeting for formal check-ins four times a year, focused on goals and expectations, feedback, coaching and career development. As our focus extends beyond the performance of our employees to the performance of our Company as a whole, we have mechanisms in place to facilitate comprehensive upward feedback through robust cross-functional feedback tools and a cadence of regular pulse surveys that inform on how we can continue to strive for excellence in our work culture. Well-being At Tapestry, we are committed to providing a safe working environment for our people, as well as supporting our people in achieving and maintaining their health and well-being goals. Work-life integration is top of mind, and we provide resources and benefits to help achieve this balance. We provide our employees with supplemental resources to achieve wellness such as access to our Employee Assistance Program, regular employee programming and subscriptions to Headspace, a smartphone application dedicated to meditation and mindfulness. In addition, the Company maintains an Associate Relief Fund, which provides emergency assistance for events considered a disaster or hardship. At Tapestry, we believe in encouraging and empowering our employees to take part in building a welcoming and inclusive community. We provide all employees with supplemental time-off to perform community service through nonprofits of their personal choice and through team and Company sponsored volunteering events. In our commitment to supporting our communities, we have three foundations which provide monetary support to nonprofit organizations across communities that we are a part of. Additionally, on an annual basis, our foundations match up to $10,000, per eligible employee, in donations to eligible non-profits in North America. 12 FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT GEOGRAPHIC AREAS Refer to Note 4, "Revenue," and Note 17, "Segment Information," presented in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for geographic information. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our investor website, located at www.tapestry.com/investors under the caption SEC Filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are also available on the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov. No information contained on any of our websites is intended to be included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company has included the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") certifications regarding its public disclosure required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as Exhibits 31.1 and 32.1 and Exhibits 31.2 and 32.2, respectively to this Form 10-K. 13 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully all of the information set forth or incorporated by reference in this document and, in particular, the following risk factors associated with the business of the Company and forward-looking information in this document. Please also see Special Note on Forward-Looking Information at the beginning of this report. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. If any of the risks below actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions We face risks associated with potential changes to international trade agreements and the imposition of additional tariffs on importing our products. Most of our imported products are subject to tariffs, indirect taxes, quotas and non-tariff trade barriers that may limit the quantity of products that we may import into the U.S. and other countries or may impact the cost of such products. To maximize opportunities, we rely on free trade agreements and other supply chain initiatives and, as a result, we are subject to government regulations and restrictions with respect to our cross-border activity. Additionally, we are subject to government regulations relating to importation activities, including related to U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP") enforcement actions. The imposition of taxes, duties and quotas, the withdrawal from or material modification to trade agreements, and/or the detention of our goods by CBP for any reason, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There has been significant reform in U.S. trade policy following the change in U.S. presidential administration in January 2025. International trade disputes as well as changes and uncertainty regarding international trade and trade policies, including the imposition or threat of the imposition of new or increased tariffs or other trade restrictions on goods from the countries where our manufacturers are located, could result in a materially adverse impact to our business. During fiscal 2025, the primary manufacturers of Coach products were located in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and India, and the primary manufacturers of Kate Spade products were located in Vietnam, Cambodia, mainland China, and the Philippines. Increased tariffs or other trade restrictions against these countries, as well as any tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by these countries in retaliation, could limit our ability to manufacture products in countries that have the labor and technical expertise needed. Further, such tariffs or other trade restrictions could require us to absorb costs or try to pass costs onto consumers, which could materially impact our revenue and profitability. In addition, any negative perception of or sentiments towards the U.S., whether in response to changes in tariffs, trade policy or otherwise, could impact the perception of our Company. Our ability to navigate any uncertainty, changes or expansion in tariffs or other trade restrictions could have a material negative impact on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Economic conditions, such as an economic recession, downturn, periods of inflation or uncertainty, could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and consumer purchases of discretionary items. Our results can be impacted by a number of macroeconomic factors, including but not limited to: consumer confidence and spending levels, tax rates, levels of unemployment, consumer credit availability, pandemics, natural disasters, raw material costs, fuel and energy costs, bank failures, market volatility, global factory production, supply chain operations, commercial real estate market conditions, credit market conditions and the level of customer traffic in malls, shopping centers and online. Many of our products can be considered discretionary items for consumers. Demand for our products, and consumer spending in the handbag, footwear and accessories categories generally is or may be significantly impacted by trends in consumer confidence, general economic and business conditions, high levels of unemployment, periods of inflation, health pandemics, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, the availability of consumer credit and taxation. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, such as the Company's products, tend to decline during recessionary periods or periods of sustained high unemployment when disposable income is lower. Unfavorable economic conditions may also reduce consumers willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores are located. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Risks Related to our Business and our Industry We face risks associated with operating in international markets. We operate on a global basis, with approximately 40.0% of our net sales coming from operations outside of United States for fiscal year 2025. While geographic diversity helps to reduce the Company s exposure to risks in any one country, we are subject to risks associated with international operations, including, but not limited to: 14 political or economic instability or changing macroeconomic conditions in our major markets, including the potential impact of new policies that may be implemented by the U.S. or other jurisdictions, particularly with respect to tax and trade policies; public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemic diseases; changes to the U.S.'s participation in, withdrawal out of, renegotiation of certain international trade agreements or other major trade related issues, including the non-renewal of expiring favorable tariffs granted to developing countries, tariff quotas and retaliatory tariffs, trade sanctions, new or onerous trade restrictions, embargoes and other stringent government controls; changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, which may adversely affect the retail prices of our products, result in decreased international consumer demand, or increase our supply costs in those markets, with a corresponding negative impact on our gross margin rates; compliance with laws relating to foreign operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act and other global anti-corruption laws, which in general concern the bribery of foreign public officials and other regulations and requirements; changes in tourist shopping patterns and consumer behavior, particularly that of the Chinese consumer; geopolitical instability (such as the uncertainty in U.S.-China relations); natural and other disasters; political, civil and social unrest; and changes in legal and regulatory requirements, including, but not limited to safeguard measures, anti-dumping duties, cargo restrictions to prevent terrorism, restrictions on the transfer of currency, climate change and other environmental legislation, product safety regulations or other charges or restrictions. Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing activities. As a Company engaged in sourcing on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including, but not limited to: disruptions or delays in shipments whether due to port congestion, logistics carrier disruption (including as a result of labor disputes), militant attacks on commercial shipping vessels in the Red Sea, other shipping capacity constraints or other factors, which has and may continue to result in significantly increased inbound freight costs and increased in-transit times; loss or disruption of key manufacturing or fulfillment sites or extended closure of such sites due to unexpected factors; imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges or restrictions on imports or exports; unavailability, or significant fluctuations in the cost, of raw materials; compliance by us and our independent manufacturers and suppliers with labor laws and other foreign governmental regulations; increases in the cost of labor, fuel (including volatility in the price of oil), travel and transportation; compliance with our Global Business Integrity Program; compliance by our independent manufacturers and suppliers with our Supplier Code of Conduct, social auditing procedures and requirements and other applicable compliance policies; compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. laws regarding the identification and reporting on the use of conflict minerals sourced from the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Company s products, other laws and regulations regarding the sourcing of materials in the Company s products, the FCPA, U.K. Bribery Act and other global anti-corruption laws, as applicable, and other U.S. and international regulations and requirements; regulation or prohibition of the transaction of business with specific individuals or entities and their affiliates or goods manufactured in certain regions by any government or regulatory authority in the jurisdictions where we conduct business, such as the listing of a person or entity as a Specially Designated National or Blocked Person by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control or other sanctions regimes; inability to engage new independent manufacturers that meet the Company s cost-effective sourcing model; product quality issues; 15 political unrest, protests and other civil disruption; public health crises, such as pandemic and epidemic diseases, and other unforeseen outbreaks; natural disasters or other extreme weather events, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; and acts of war or terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. We are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions and citizenship requirements. Compliance with these laws may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation. In addition, we require our independent manufacturers and suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as our Supplier Code of Conduct and other compliance policies under our Global Business Integrity Program; however, we do not control these manufacturers or suppliers or their labor, environmental or other business practices. Copies of our Global Business Integrity Program documents, including our Global Operating Principles, Anti-Corruption Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct are available through our website, www.tapestry.com. The violation of labor, environmental or other laws by an independent manufacturer or supplier, or divergence of an independent manufacturer s or supplier s labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical or appropriate in the U.S., could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of our products, harm our trademarks or damage our reputation. In addition, if there is negative publicity regarding the production methods of any of our suppliers or manufacturers, even if unfounded or not specific to our supply chain, our reputation and sales could be adversely affected, we could be subject to legal liability, or could cause us to contract with alternative suppliers or manufacturing sources. The occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A decline in the volume of traffic to our stores could have a negative impact on our net sales. The success of our retail stores located within malls and shopping centers may be impacted by (i) changes in consumer shopping behavior and store closures; (ii) reduced travel resulting from economic conditions (including a recession or inflationary pressures); (iii) the location of the store within the mall or shopping center; (iv) surrounding tenants or vacancies; (v) increased competition in areas where malls or shopping centers are located; (vi) the amount spent on advertising and promotion to attract consumers to the mall; and (vii) a shift towards online shopping resulting in a decrease in store traffic. Declines in consumer traffic could have a negative impact on our net sales and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, declines in traffic could result in store impairment charges if expected future cash flows of the related asset group do not exceed the carrying value. The success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value of our brands and respond to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends in a timely manner. Each of our brands are unique and independent, while sharing a commitment to innovation and authenticity defined by unique brand purposes, distinctive products, and differentiated customer experiences across business channels and geographies. Any misstep in product quality or design, executive leadership, customer service, marketing, unfavorable publicity or excessive product discounting could negatively affect the image of our brands with our customers. Furthermore, our brands communications, product lines and experiences are subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences, including the increasing shift to digital brand engagement and social media communication. If we do not anticipate and respond promptly to changing customer preferences and fashion trends in the design, production, and styling of our products, as well as create compelling marketing campaigns that appeal to our target consumers, our sales and results of operations may be negatively impacted. The shift towards digital engagement has become increasingly important, with increased use of social media platforms by our brand representatives, influencers and our employees. Actions taken by our partners on social media that do not show our brands in a manner consistent with our desired image or that are damaging to such partner s reputation, whether or not through our brand social media platforms, could harm our brand reputation and materially impact our business. Our growth depends on the continued success of existing products, as well as the successful design, introduction of new products and maintaining an appropriate rationalization of our assortment. Our ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate and respond to consumer preferences and fashion trends. The failure to develop and launch successful new products or to rationalize our assortment appropriately could hinder the growth of our business. Also, any delay in the development or launch of a new product could result in our company not being the first to bring product to market, which could compromise our competitive position. Our success also depends in part on our and our executive leadership team's ability to execute on our plans and strategies for each of our brands and for Tapestry, as a multi-brand enterprise. Even if our products, marketing campaigns, consumer experiences and environments do meet changing customer preferences and/or stay ahead of changing fashion trends, our brand image could become tarnished or undesirable in the minds of our customers or target markets, which could materially adversely 16 impact the growth of our brands and the Tapestry multi-brand portfolio, and our overall business, financial condition, and results of operations. The growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our global omni-channel expansion efforts and our ability to execute our digital and e-commerce priorities. Our success and growth depend on the continued development of our omni-channel presence for each of our brands globally, leaning into global digital opportunities for each brand, along with select bricks and mortar expansion. With respect to international expansion, our brands may not be well-established or widely sold in some of these markets, and we may have limited experience operating directly or working with our partners there. In addition, some of these markets, either through bricks and mortar stores or digital channels, have different operational characteristics, including but not limited to employment and labor, privacy, transportation, logistics, real estate, environmental regulations and local reporting or legal requirements. We aim to provide a seamless omni-channel experience to our customers regardless of whether they are shopping in stores or engaging with our brands through digital technology, such as computers, mobile phones, tablets or other devices. This requires investment in new technologies and reliance on third-party digital partners, over which we may have limited control. Additionally, our digital business is subject to numerous risks that could adversely impact our results, including (i) a diversion of sales from our brand stores or wholesale customers, (ii) difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through digital channels, (iii) liability for online content, (iv) changing dynamics within the digital marketing environment and our ability to effectively market to consumers, (v) intense competition from online retailers, and (vi) the ability to provide timely delivery of e-commerce purchases, which is dependent on the capacity and operations of our owned and third-party operated fulfillment facilities. See Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing activities for additional risks related to our fulfillment networks. If we are unable to effectively execute our e-commerce and digital strategies and provide reliable experiences for our customers across all business channels, our reputation and ability to compete with other brands could suffer, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends, may differ across countries, and as a result, sales of our product may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. Further, expanding in certain markets may have upfront investment costs that may not be accompanied by sufficient revenues to achieve typical or expected operational and financial performance and therefore may be dilutive to our brands in the short-term. We may also have to compete for talent in international regions as we expand our omni-channel presence. Consequently, if our global omni-channel expansion plans are unsuccessful, or we are unable to retain and/or attract key personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business. We face intense competition from many other brands in the product lines and markets we participate in, which include the Company's wholesale customers. Competition is based on a number of factors, including, without limitation, the following: our competitors may develop new products or product categories that are more popular with our customers; anticipating and responding in a timely fashion to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the ever-increasing shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and cross-channel shopping; maintaining strong brand recognition, loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; recruiting and retaining key talent; developing and producing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to a diverse group of consumers; competitively pricing our products and creating an acceptable value proposition for consumers, including price increases to mitigate inflationary pressures while simultaneously balancing the risk of lower consumer demand in response to any such price increases; providing strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; providing attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce sites; sourcing sustainable raw materials at cost-effective prices; ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain efficiencies with third-party suppliers and retailers; protecting our trademarks and design patents; 17 identifying and adapting to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning and the ability to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions. A failure to compete effectively or to keep pace with rapidly changing consumer preferences, technology and product trends could adversely affect our growth and profitability. Our success depends, in part, on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including key personnel. Our business and future success depends heavily on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including our senior management team. Competition in our industry to attract and retain these employees is intense and is influenced by our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, employee morale, our reputation, recruitment by other employers, perceived internal opportunities, non-competition and non-solicitation agreements and macro unemployment rates. We depend on the guidance of our senior management team and other key employees who have significant experience and expertise in our industry and our operations. There can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or that we will be able to identify and attract suitable successors for these individuals. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the direct or indirect consequences of results thereof, or any negative public perception with respect to these individuals or the loss of these individuals, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain key-person or similar life insurance policies on any of senior management team or other key personnel. We must also attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified retail and fulfillment center employees. Historically, competition for talent in these positions has been intense and turnover is generally high. If we are unable to attract and retain such employees with the necessary skills and experience, we may not achieve our objectives and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, changes to our office environments, the adoption of new work models, and our requirements and/or expectations about when or how often certain employees work on-site or remotely may not meet the expectations of our employees. As businesses increasingly operate remotely, traditional geographic competition for talent may change in ways that we cannot presently predict. If our employment proposition is not perceived as favorable compared to other companies, it could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain our employees. Mergers, acquisitions and other strategic investments may not be successful in achieving intended benefits, cost savings and synergies and may disrupt current operations. One component of our historical growth strategy has been acquisitions, and, consistent with our longer-term capital allocation priorities, our management team expects to maintain M A flexibility and may from time to time evaluate and consider acquisitions or other strategic investments. These involve various inherent risks and as a result, the expected benefits, cost savings and synergies may not be realized. The integration process of any newly acquired company may be complex, costly and time-consuming. The potential difficulties of integrating the operations of an acquired business and realizing our expectations for an acquisition, including the benefits that may be realized, include, among other things: failure of the business to perform as planned following the acquisition or achieve anticipated revenue, cash flow or profitability targets; delays, unexpected costs or difficulties in completing the acquisition or integration of acquired companies or assets, including as a result of regulatory challenges; higher than expected costs, lower than expected cost savings or synergies and/or a need to allocate resources to manage unexpected operating difficulties; difficulties assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations; diversion of the attention and resources of management or other disruptions to current operations; the impact on our or an acquired business internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; changes in applicable laws and regulations or the application of new laws and regulations; changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators; failures or delays in receiving the necessary approvals by the relevant regulators and authorities; retaining key customers, suppliers and employees; 18 retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; operating risks inherent in the acquired business and our business; lower than anticipated demand for product offerings by us or our licensees; assumption of liabilities not identified in due diligence; and other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, including as a result of regulatory challenges, and any adverse consequences associated with future acquisition activities, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Even if the integration of any acquired business is successfully completed, the full expected benefits and synergies of the acquisition may not be realized. Additional unanticipated costs, which could be material, may also be incurred in the integration of our business and the acquired business. Additionally, the full benefits of an acquisition may not be realized if the combined business does not perform as expected or demand for the combined company s services does not meet our expectations. Completed acquisitions may result in additional goodwill and/or an increase in other intangible assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are required annually, or as facts and circumstances exist, to assess goodwill and other intangible assets to determine if impairment has occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the fair value of other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any potential future impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may seek to sell one or more lines of our business in an effort to maximize shareholder value, which may adversely affect our business, our reputation, our results of operations and financial position or our stock price. We continuously evaluate how to best structure our business in an effort to maximize shareholder value, which could include the divestiture of certain of our lines of business, such as our recently completed sale of the Stuart Weitzman Business. Divestitures are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among others: the risk that a divestiture may not be completed in the expected time frame or at all disruption of our management s attention from ongoing business operations due to a proposed or pending divestiture the acceptance of a less than favorable sales price or other terms of sale the potential loss of key personnel or operations adverse reactions from our borrowers, lenders or other counterparties, or those of the divested lines of business the risk of litigation or other judicial or administrative proceedings arising from the divestiture and negative reactions from market analysts and adverse impacts on our stock price. A divestiture could result in significant costs to us and is subject to numerous risks, including those listed above. We cannot provide any assurance that a sale of one or more lines of business will be successful or will not harm our business, our reputation, our results of operations and financial position or our stock price. Our business may be materially impacted if our fulfillment centers face significant interruptions and operations. We are dependent on a limited number of fulfillment centers. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers and our retail stores and e-commerce sites depends on the proper operation of these centers. If any of these centers were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, including as a result of accidents, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemic diseases, labor shortages and other unforeseen events and circumstances, we could suffer a substantial loss of inventory and/or disruptions of deliveries to our retail and wholesale customers. Depending on the duration of these closures, our results may be materially impacted. While we have business continuity and contingency plans for our sourcing and fulfillment center sites, significant disruption of manufacturing or fulfillment for any of the above reasons could interrupt product supply, result in a substantial loss of inventory, increase our costs, disrupt deliveries to our customers and our retail stores, and, if not remedied in a timely manner, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Because our fulfillment centers include automated and computer-controlled equipment, they are susceptible to risks including power interruptions, system failures, software viruses, configuration errors and security breaches. In North America we maintain fulfillment centers in Florida, Ohio and Nevada, operated by Tapestry. Globally we utilize fulfillment centers in mainland China, the Netherlands, the U.K. and Spain, owned and operated by third parties, allowing us to better manage the logistics in these regions while reducing costs. We also utilize local fulfillment 19 centers, through third parties, in Japan, parts of Greater China, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Canada, Australia, and Mexico. The warehousing of the Company s merchandise, store replenishment and processing direct-to-customer orders is handled by these centers and a prolonged disruption in any center s operation could materially adversely affect our business and operations. In addition, if our fulfillment centers are not sized to meet the optimal capacity for our products or are not adequately staffed, utilized or operated, our profitability may be negatively impacted. Our business may be subject to increased costs due to excess inventories and a decline in profitability as a result of increasing pressure on margins if we misjudge the demand for our products. Our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense competition and a highly promotional environment, fragmentation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products, and changes in consumer spending patterns. If we misjudge the market for our products or demand for our products are impacted by other factors, such as inflationary pressures, political instability or other macroeconomic events, we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, forced to rely on donation, markdowns, promotional sales or other write-offs, to dispose of excess, slow-moving inventory, which may negatively impact our gross margin, overall profitability and efficacy of our brands. Increases in our costs, such as raw materials, labor or freight could negatively impact our gross margin. Our costs for raw materials are affected by, among other things, weather, customer demand, speculation on the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the currencies of producer versus customer countries and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. Any of these factors may be exacerbated by global climate change. In addition, political instability, trade relations, sanctions, price inflationary pressure, or other geopolitical or economic conditions could cause raw material costs to increase and have an adverse effect on our future margins. Labor costs at many of our manufacturers have been increasing significantly and, as the middle class in developing countries continues to grow, it is unlikely that such cost pressure will abate. Furthermore, the cost of transportation has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate significantly if oil prices continue to rise. We may not be able to offset such increases in raw materials, labor or transportation costs through pricing measures or other means. As we outsource functions, we will become more dependent on the third parties performing these functions. As part of our long-term strategy, we look for opportunities to cost effectively enhance capability of business services. While we believe we conduct appropriate due diligence before entering into agreements with these third parties, the failure of any of these third parties to provide the expected services, provide them on a timely basis or to provide them at the prices we expect could disrupt or harm our business. We also cannot guarantee that these third parties will not experience a personal data or security breach in the future, which could have a material impact on our operations. Any significant interruption in the operations of these service providers, including as a result of changes in social, political, and economic conditions, including those resulting from military conflicts or other hostilities, that could result in the disruption of trade from the countries in which our manufacturers or suppliers are located, over which we have no control, could also have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we may be unable to provide these services or implement substitute arrangements on a timely and cost-effective basis on terms favorable to us. Our wholesale business could suffer as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings and other ownership changes in the wholesale industry. Our wholesale business comprised approximately 13% of total net sales for fiscal 2025. The retail industry, including wholesale customers, has experienced financial difficulty leading to consolidations, reorganizations, restructuring, bankruptcies and ownership changes. This may continue and could further decrease the number of, or concentrate the ownership of, wholesale stores that carry our or our licensees products. Furthermore, a decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any other significant customer, whether motivated by competitive conditions, financial difficulties or otherwise, to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or our licensing partners could result in an adverse effect on the sales and profitability within this business channel. Additionally, certain of our wholesale customers, particularly those located in the U.S., have in the past been highly promotional and have marked down their merchandise and may do so again in the future, which could impact our brands or could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our operating results are subject to seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market price of the Company's common stock. The Company's results are typically affected by seasonal trends. We have historically realized, and expect to continue to realize, higher sales and operating income in the second quarter of our fiscal year. Business underperformance in the Company's second fiscal quarter could have a material adverse effect on its full year operating results and result in higher inventories. In 20 addition, fluctuations in net sales, operating income and operating cash flows of the Company in any fiscal quarter may be affected by the timing of wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales, including adverse weather conditions or other macroeconomic events. We rely on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our licenses and the failure to maintain such partners could harm our business. Our brands currently have multi-year agreements with licensing partners for certain products. In the future, we may enter into additional licensing arrangements. The risks associated with our own products also apply to our licensed products, as do unique risks stemming from problems that our licensing partners may experience, including risks associated with each licensing partner s ability to obtain capital, manage its labor relations, maintain relationships with its suppliers, manage its credit and bankruptcy risks, and maintain customer relationships. While we maintain significant approval rights over the products produced for us by our licensing partners, any of the foregoing risks, or the inability of any of our licensing partners to execute on the expected design and quality of the licensed products or otherwise exercise operational and financial control over its business, may result in loss of revenue and competitive harm to our operations in the licensed product categories. Further, while we believe that we could engage with new licensing partners if required, any delay in doing so could adversely affect our revenues and harm our business. We are subject to risks associated with leasing retail space subject to non-cancelable leases. We may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. If we close a leased retail space, we remain obligated under the applicable lease. We do not own any of our retail store locations. The majority of our stores are under non-cancelable, multi-year leases, often with renewal options. We believe that the majority of the leases we enter into in the future will likely be non-cancelable. Generally, our leases are net leases, which require us to pay our proportionate share of the cost of insurance, taxes, maintenance and utilities. We generally cannot cancel these leases at our option. In certain cases, as we have done in the past, we may determine that it is no longer economical to operate a retail store subject to a lease or we may seek to generally downsize, consolidate, reposition, relocate or close some of our real estate locations. In such cases, we may be required to negotiate a lease exit with the applicable landlord or remain obligated under the applicable lease for, among other things, payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In some instances, we may be unable to close an underperforming retail store due to continuous operation clauses in our lease agreements. In addition, as each of our leases expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to close retail stores in desirable locations. Our inability to secure desirable retail space or favorable lease terms could impact our ability to grow. Likewise, our obligation to continue making lease payments in respect of leases for closed retail spaces could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, due to the uncertain economic environment, it may be difficult to determine the fair market value of real estate properties when we are deciding whether to enter into leases or renew expiring leases. This may impact our ability to manage the profitability of our store locations, or cause impairments of our lease right-of-use assets if market values decline, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Risks Related to Information Security and Technology Computer system disruption and cyber security threats, including a personal data or security breach, could damage our relationships with our customers, harm our reputation, expose us to litigation and adversely affect our business. We depend on digital technologies for the successful operation of our business, including corporate email and chat communications to and from employees, customers, stores and vendors, the design, manufacture and distribution of our finished goods, digital and local marketing and clienteling efforts, data analytics, collection, use and retention of customer, employee, vendor and partner information, the processing of credit card transactions, online e-commerce activities and our interaction with the public in the social media space. Our company implemented a hybrid working model. Continued remote working has increased our dependence on digital technology. Despite the security measures we have in place, including those described in Item 1C Cybersecurity , the possibility of a successful cyber-attack on any one or all of these systems is a serious threat. The retail industry, in particular, has been the target of many cyber-attacks. As part of our business model, we collect, retain and transmit confidential information and personal data over public networks. In addition to our own databases, we use third-party service providers to store, process and transmit this information on our behalf. Although we contractually require these service providers to implement and use reasonable and adequate security measures and data protection, we cannot control third parties and cannot guarantee that a personal data or security breach will not occur in the future either at their location or within their systems. We also store all designs, goods specifications, projected sales and distribution plans for our finished products digitally. We have enterprise class and industry comparable security measures in place to protect both our physical facilities and digital systems from attacks. Despite these efforts, however, we may be vulnerable to targeted or random cyber-attacks, personal data or security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer malware, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Further, like other companies in the retail industry, during the ordinary course of business, we and our vendors have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber-attacks of varying degrees and 21 types, including phishing and other attempts to breach or gain unauthorized access to our systems. As artificial intelligence becomes increasingly integrated into business systems, concerns about data exposure and privacy risks are intensifying. Additionally, artificial intelligence is being used to carry out advanced social engineering attacks, increasing potential for harm. To date, these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations, but we cannot provide assurance that cyber-attacks will not have a material impact in the future. Awareness and sensitivity to personal data breaches and cyber security threats by consumers, employees and lawmakers is at an all-time high. Any misappropriation or unauthorized access to confidential or personal information gathered, stored or used by us, be it intentional or accidental, could have a material impact on the operation of our business, including severely damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees, vendors and investors. We have been incurring and expect that we will continue to incur significant costs implementing additional security measures to protect against new or enhanced data security or privacy threats, or to comply with current and new international, federal and state laws governing the unauthorized disclosure, access to, loss, alteration or exfiltration of confidential and personal information which are continuously being enacted and proposed such as the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") in the E.U., the UK GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), the Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA"), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act ("UCPA"), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CTDPA"), the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act ("MCDPA"), the Washington My Health My Data Act ("WMHMDA"), the Florida Digital Bill of Rights ("FDBR"), the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act ("TDPSA") and other comprehensive and sectoral state privacy laws in the U.S., as well as increased cyber security and privacy protection costs such as organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and contractors, engaging outside counsel, third-party experts and consultants. We may also experience loss of revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information including our intellectual property. Lastly, we could face sizable fines, significant breach containment and notification costs to supervisory authorities and the affected data subjects, and increased litigation and customer claims, as a result of cyber security or personal data breaches. While we carry cyber liability insurance, such insurance may not cover us with respect to any or all claims or costs associated with such a breach. In addition, we have e-commerce sites in certain countries throughout the world, including the U.S., Canada, Japan, South Korea, Greater China, Europe, Middle East, Australia and Southeast Asia and have plans for additional e-commerce sites in other parts of the world. Additionally, Tapestry has informational websites in various countries. Given the robust nature of our e-commerce presence and digital strategy, it is imperative that we and our e-commerce partners maintain uninterrupted operation of our: (i) computer hardware, (ii) software systems, (iii) customer databases and (iv) ability to email or otherwise keep in contact with our current and potential customers. Despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable from time-to-time to damage, disruption or interruption from, among other things, physical damage, natural disasters, inadequate system capacity, system issues, security and personal data breaches, email blocking lists, computer malware or power outages. Any material disruptions in our e-commerce presence or information technology systems and applications could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A delay, disruption in, failure of, or inability to upgrade our information technology systems precisely and efficiently could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and cash flow. We rely heavily on various information and other business systems, including data analytics and machine learning, and artificial intelligence, to manage our operations, including management of our supply chain, point-of-sale processing in our brands stores, our online businesses associated with each brand and various other processes and metrics. We are continually evaluating and implementing upgrades and changes to our systems. In addition, from time to time, we implement new systems. Implementing new systems and upgrading existing systems and data analytics models carries substantial risk, including failure to operate as designed, failure to properly integrate with other systems, failure to accurately capture or report data or metrics, potential loss of confidential and personal information, cost overruns, implementation delays and disruption of operations. Furthermore, failure of our computer systems due to inadequate system capacity, computer viruses, human error, changes in programming, security and personal data breaches, system upgrades or migration of these services, as well as employee, vendor and consumer privacy concerns and new privacy and security and artificial intelligence laws and global government regulations, individually or in accumulation, could have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and cash flow. Risks Related to our Indebtedness We have incurred a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could restrict our ability to engage in additional transactions or incur additional indebtedness. As of June 28, 2025, our consolidated debt was approximately $2.39 billion. In fiscal year 2025, the Company issued $1.50 billion of senior unsecured notes, consisting of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.100% senior unsecured notes due March 11, 2030 and $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.500% senior unsecured notes due March 11, 2035. Also in fiscal year 2025, the Company refinanced and replaced the Company's unsecured revolving facility dated May 11, 2022 22 (the "Existing Revolving Credit Facility") with a new revolving credit facility (the "Amended Revolving Credit Facility"), dated as of May 22, 2025. Under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, the Lenders have made available to the Company a $2.00 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, including sub facilities for letters of credit, with a maturity date of May 22, 2030. Under the terms of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions limiting the Company s ability to, among other things: (i) incur certain indebtedness, (ii) create certain liens, (iii) enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions, (iv) make certain investments or payments and (v) merge, or consolidate or transfer, sell or lease all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, we are required to comply on a quarterly basis with a maximum net leverage ratio of 4.00:1.00, which may be increased to 4.50:1:00 following the consummation of a material acquisition, subject to certain limitations set forth in the Amended Revolving Credit Facility. The consequences and limitations under our outstanding indebtedness could impede our ability to engage in future business opportunities or strategic acquisitions. In addition, a prolonged disruption in our business may impact our ability to satisfy the leverage ratio covenant under our Amended Revolving Credit Facility. Non-compliance with these terms would constitute an event of default under our credit facilities, which may result in acceleration of payment to the lenders. In the event of an acceleration of payment to the lenders, this would result in a cross default of the Company s senior notes, causing the Company s outstanding borrowings to also become due and payable on demand. Our ability to generate cash flows from our operations is, to a certain extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. In addition, our ability to access the credit and capital markets in the future as a source of funding, and the borrowing costs associated with such financing, is dependent upon market conditions and our credit rating and outlook. As a result of having operations outside of the U.S., we are also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Substantial changes in foreign currency exchange rates could cause our sales and profitability to be negatively impacted. Risks Related to Corporate Responsibility The risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts and increased focus by stakeholders on climate change, could negatively affect our business and operations. Our business is susceptible to risks associated with climate change, including through disruption to our supply chain, potentially impacting the production and distribution of our products including availability and pricing of raw materials, as well as shipping disruptions and/or higher freight costs. Climate change can lead to physical and transition risks impacting our business. The physical risks result from climatic events, such as wildfires, storms and floods, whereas transition risks result from policy action taken to transition the economy off of fossil fuels. Increased frequency and/or intensity of extreme weather events (such as storms and floods) due to climate change could also lead to more frequent store and fulfillment center closures, adversely impacting retail traffic and/or consumer's disposable income levels or spending habits on discretionary items, or otherwise disrupt business operations in the communities in which we operate, any of which could result in lost sales or higher costs. There is also increased focus from our stakeholders, including consumers, employees and investors, on climate change issues. Many countries in which we and our suppliers operate have begun to enact new legislation and regulations in an attempt to mitigate the potential impacts of climate change, which could result in higher sourcing, operational and compliance-related costs for the Company. Such proposed measures include expanded disclosure requirements regarding GHG emissions and other climate-related information, as well as independent auditors providing some level of attestation to the accuracy of such disclosures. Inconsistency of legislation and regulations among jurisdictions may also affect our compliance costs with such laws and regulatio