=== TPR_2025-08-14.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this report. These factors are not necessarily all of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. 1 In this Form 10-K, references to we, our, us, "Tapestry" and the Company refer to Tapestry, Inc., including consolidated subsidiaries as of June 28, 2025 ("fiscal 2025"). References to "Coach," "Kate Spade," "kate spade new york" or "Stuart Weitzman" refer only to the referenced brand. Fiscal 2025 was a 52-week period, June 29, 2024 ("fiscal 2024") was a 52-week period, and July 1, 2023 ("fiscal 2023") was a 52-week period. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Tapestry, Inc. (the "Company") is a house of iconic accessories and lifestyle brands. Our global house of brands unites the magic of Coach and kate spade new york. Each of our brands are unique and independent, while sharing a commitment to innovation and authenticity defined by distinctive products and differentiated customer experiences across channels and geographies. We use our collective strengths to move our customers and empower our communities, to make the fashion industry more sustainable, and to harness the power of an inclusive culture. Individually, our brands are iconic. Together, we can stretch what s possible. OUR BRANDS The Company has three reportable segments: Coach - Coach is a global fashion house of accessories and lifestyle collections, founded in New York City in 1941. Inspired by the vision of Expressive Luxury and the inclusive and courageous spirit of its hometown, the brand makes beautiful things, crafted to last for you to be yourself in. Coach has built a legacy of craftsmanship and a community that champions the courage to be real. Coach includes global sales of primarily Coach brand products to customers through our direct-to-consumer ("DTC"), wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 79.9% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. Kate Spade - Since its launch in 1993 with a collection of six essential handbags, kate spade new york has always been colorful, bold and optimistic. Today, it is a global lifestyle brand that designs extraordinary things for the everyday, delivering seasonal collections of handbags, ready-to-wear, jewelry, footwear, gifts, home d cor and more. Known for its rich heritage and unique brand DNA, kate spade new york offers a distinctive point of view and celebrates communities of women around the globe who live their perfectly imperfect lifestyles. Kate Spade includes global sales of primarily kate spade new york brand products to customers through our DTC, wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 17.1% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. Stuart Weitzman - Since 1986, New York City based global luxury footwear brand Stuart Weitzman has combined its signature artisanal craftsmanship and precise engineering to empower women to stand strong. Having perfected the art of shoemaking for nearly 40 years, the brand continues to expand its assortment to feature handbags and men's footwear, all the while staying true to its ethos of inspiring strength and confidence with every step. Stuart Weitzman includes global sales of primarily Stuart Weitzman brand products to customers through our DTC, wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 3.0% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has certain corporate expenses that are not directly attributable to its brands ("Unallocated corporate expenses"); therefore, they are not allocated to its segments. Such costs primarily include certain overhead expenses related to corporate functions as well as certain administration, corporate occupancy, information technology and depreciation costs. On February 16, 2025, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ) with Caleres, Inc. (the Purchaser ) to sell the Stuart Weitzman Business (as defined below). The Purchaser acquired certain assets and liabilities of the Company's global business of designing, manufacturing, promotion, marketing, production, distribution, sales and licensing of Stuart Weitzman branded products (the "Stuart Weitzman Business"). The sale was completed on August 4, 2025 (the "Stuart Weitzman Business Divestiture"). Refer to Note 5, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," and Note 21, "Subsequent Events," for further information. Refer to Note 17, "Segment Information," for further information about the Company's segments. OUR STRATEGY In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company introduced the 2025 growth strategy, future speed, designed to amplify and extend the competitive advantages of its brands, with a focus on four strategic priorities: Building Lasting Customer Relationships: The Company's brands aim to leverage Tapestry s transformed business model to drive customer lifetime value through a combination of increased customer acquisition, retention and reactivation. 2 Fueling Fashion Innovation Product Excellence: The Company aims to drive sustained growth in core handbags and small leathergoods, while accelerating gains in footwear and lifestyle products. Delivering Compelling Omni-Channel Experiences: The Company aims to extend its omni-channel leadership to meet the customer wherever they shop, delivering growth online and in stores. Powering Global Growth: The Company aims to support balanced growth across regions, prioritizing North America and China, its largest markets, while capitalizing on opportunities in under-penetrated geographies such as Southeast Asia and Europe. The Company's next investor day will be held in September 2025, during which the Company will present its latest long-term growth strategy. DIRECT TO CONSUMER BUSINESS Our DTC business consists of channels that provide us with immediate, controlled access to consumers. This includes retail and outlet stores, brand e-commerce sites as well as concession shop-in-shops. DTC revenues were approximately 86% of total net sales in fiscal 2025. Stores - Our brands operate freestanding retail stores, outlet stores, as well as concession shop-in-shop locations. These stores are located in regional shopping centers, metropolitan areas throughout the world and established outlet centers. Store Count 2025 2024 2023 Coach North America 324 324 330 International 607 606 609 Total Coach 931 930 939 Kate Spade North America 189 197 205 International 171 181 192 Total Kate Spade 360 378 397 Stuart Weitzman North America 28 34 36 International 52 60 57 Total Stuart Weitzman 80 94 93 Tapestry North America 541 555 571 International 830 847 858 Total Tapestry 1,371 1,402 1,429 3 Avg. Square Footage 2025 2024 2023 Coach North America 4,907 4,905 4,904 International 2,388 2,342 2,294 Total Coach 3,265 3,235 3,211 Kate Spade North America 3,023 2,949 2,876 International 1,502 1,439 1,446 Total Kate Spade 2,301 2,226 2,185 Stuart Weitzman North America 1,927 1,938 1,905 International 1,371 1,338 1,371 Total Stuart Weitzman 1,566 1,555 1,578 Tapestry North America 4,095 4,029 3,987 International 2,142 2,078 2,043 Total Tapestry 2,912 2,850 2,820 Digital - We view our digital platform as an instrument to deliver our products to customers directly with the benefit of added accessibility as consumers can purchase our products beyond where our physical locations are based. We have e-commerce sites in our major markets in the U.S., Canada, Japan, Greater China, several throughout Europe, Australia, and several throughout the rest of Asia. Additionally, we continue to leverage various third-party digital platforms to sell our products to customers. 4 WHOLESALE BUSINESS Our wholesale business primarily includes major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners. We work closely with our wholesale partners to ensure a clear and consistent product presentation. We enhance our presentation with proprietary brand fixtures within the department store environment in select locations. We custom tailor our assortments through wholesale product planning and allocation processes to match the attributes to the consumers of our wholesale partners in each local market. We continue to closely monitor inventories held by our wholesale customers in an effort to optimize inventory levels across wholesale doors. Wholesale represented approximately 13% of our total net sales for fiscal 2025. As of June 28, 2025, there were no customers who individually accounted for more than 10% of each segment s total net sales. LICENSING BUSINESS Our brands take an active role in the design process and control the marketing and distribution of products in our worldwide licensing relationships. Our key licensing relationships and their fiscal year expirations as of June 28, 2025 are as follows: Brand Category Partner Fiscal Year Expiration Coach Eyewear Luxottica 2026 Coach Watches Movado 2028 Coach Fragrance Interparfums 2031 Kate Spade Tech Accessories Case-Mate 2027 Kate Spade Sleepwear Komar 2028 Kate Spade Fashion Bedding Live Comfortably 2028 Kate Spade Stationery and Gift Lifeguard Press 2030 Kate Spade Fragrance Interparfums 2030 Kate Spade Eyewear Safilo 2031 Products made under license are, in most cases, sold through stores and wholesale business channels and, with the Company's approval, the licensees have the right to distribute products selectively through other venues, which provide additional, yet controlled, exposure of our brands. Our licensing partners generally pay royalties on their net sales of our branded products. Such royalties currently comprise approximately 1% of Tapestry's total net sales. The licensing agreements generally give our brands the right to terminate the license if specified sales targets are not achieved. 5 PRODUCTS The following table shows Net sales for each of our product categories by segment. Fiscal Year Ended June 28, 2025 June 29, 2024 July 1, 2023 Amount % of Total segment net sales Amount % of Total segment net sales Amount % of Total segment net sales (millions) Coach Handbags $ 3,223.3 57.6 % $ 2,889.9 56.7 % $ 2,847.1 57.4 % Accessories 1,539.5 27.5 1,407.9 27.6 1,325.7 26.7 Footwear 342.5 6.1 326.0 6.4 311.5 6.3 Other 493.2 8.8 471.5 9.3 476.1 9.6 Total Coach $ 5,598.5 100.0 % $ 5,095.3 100.0 % $ 4,960.4 100.0 % Kate Spade Handbags $ 623.0 52.1 % $ 721.0 54.0 % $ 779.7 54.9 % Accessories 269.8 22.5 307.0 23.0 324.8 22.9 Footwear 55.2 4.6 57.4 4.3 57.8 4.1 Other 249.1 20.8 249.0 18.7 256.6 18.1 Total Kate Spade $ 1,197.1 100.0 % $ 1,334.4 100.0 % $ 1,418.9 100.0 % Stuart Weitzman (1) $ 215.1 100.0 % $ 241.5 100.0 % $ 281.6 100.0 % Tapestry Handbags $ 3,846.3 54.9 % $ 3,610.9 54.1 % $ 3,626.8 54.4 % Accessories 1,809.3 25.8 1,714.9 25.7 1,650.5 24.8 Footwear 612.8 8.7 624.9 9.4 650.9 9.8 Other 742.3 10.6 720.5 10.8 732.7 11.0 Total Tapestry $ 7,010.7 100.0 % $ 6,671.2 100.0 % $ 6,660.9 100.0 % (1) The significant majority of sales for Stuart Weitzman is attributable to footwear and therefore all of Stuart Weitzman net sales are within the Tapestry Footwear category. Handbags This category primarily includes handbags classically inspired as well as fashion designs, business cases, computer bags, messenger-style bags, backpacks, travel bags and totes. Accessories This category primarily includes small leather goods, such as mini and micro handbags, money pieces, wristlets, pouches and cosmetic cases. Also included in this category are novelty accessories (including address books, time management accessories, travel accessories, sketchbooks and portfolios), belts, key rings, technology accessories, gifting, straps and charms. Footwear This category primarily includes women's and men's footwear, including casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers and sandals. Other This category primarily includes outerwear, ready-to-wear, jewelry, watches, eyewear, fragrance, scarves, hats, gloves, other products, as well as royalties earned from the Company's licensing partners. DESIGN AND MERCHANDISING Our creative leaders are responsible for conceptualizing and implementing the design direction for our brands across the consumer touchpoints of product, stores and marketing. At Tapestry, each brand has a dedicated design and merchandising team; this ensures that Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman speak to their customers with a voice and positioning unique to 6 their brand. Designers have access to the brands' extensive archives of product designs, which are a valuable resource for product concepts. Our designers collaborate with strong merchandising teams that analyze sales, market trends and consumer preferences to identify market opportunities that help guide each season's design process and create a globally relevant product assortment. Leveraging our strategic investments that we have made in data and analytics tools, merchandisers are able to gain a deeper understanding of customer behavior which empowers our teams to respond to changes in consumer preferences and demand as well as scale opportunities across brands with greater speed and efficiency. Our merchandising teams are committed to managing the product life cycle to maximize sales and profitability across all business channels. The product category teams, each comprised of design, merchandising, product development and sourcing specialists, help each brand execute design concepts that are consistent with the brand's strategic direction. Our design and merchandising teams also work in close collaboration with all of our licensing partners to ensure that the licensed products are conceptualized and designed to address the intended market opportunity and convey the distinctive perspective and lifestyle associated with our brands. MARKETING Our marketing objective is to build emotional connections with consumers to drive acquisition. We use a 360-degree approach to marketing for each of our brands, synchronizing our efforts across all business channels to ensure consistency at every touchpoint. Our global marketing strategy is to deliver a consistent, relevant and multi-layered message every time the consumer comes in contact with our brands through our communications, visual merchandising and customer experiences. Each brand's distinctive positioning is communicated by our creative marketing, visual merchandising and public relations teams, as well as outside creative agencies. We also have a sophisticated consumer and market research capability and leverage third-party experts to gain insights into consumer attitudes and trends. We engage in many consumer communication initiatives globally, including activities at a national, regional and local level. Total expenses attributable to the Company's marketing-related activities in fiscal 2025 were $744.5 million, representing nearly 11% of net sales, compared to $616.8 million in fiscal 2024, representing over 9% of net sales. Our wide range of marketing activities utilize a variety of media, including digital, social, television, print and out-of-home. Our respective brand websites serve as effective communication vehicles by providing an immersive brand experience, showcasing the fullest expression across product categories. As part of our direct marketing strategy, we use databases of consumers to generate personalized communications in direct channels such as email and text messages to drive engagement. Visitors to our e-commerce sites provide an opportunity to increase the size of these consumer databases, in addition to serving as a point of transactions globally, except where restricted. The Company has several regional informational websites for locations where we have not established an e-commerce presence. The Company utilizes social media and continues to explore digital technologies to create emotional connections with consumers, acquire new customers and build brand awareness, in addition to increasing on-line and store sales. MANUFACTURING Tapestry carefully balances its commitments to a limited number of better brand partners that have demonstrated integrity, quality and reliable delivery. The Company continues to evaluate new manufacturing sources and geographies to deliver high quality products at competitive costs and to mitigate the impact of manufacturing in inflationary markets. Our raw material suppliers, independent manufacturers and licensing partners must achieve and maintain high quality standards, which are an integral part of our brands' identity. Before directly partnering with a new manufacturing vendor for finished goods, the Company evaluates each facility by conducting a quality, business practice standards and social compliance review. We expect finished good manufacturers to undergo a social compliance audit before being approved as a Tapestry supplier. Manufacturers working with our licensed partners are expected to have had an acceptable social compliance audit conducted within the prior six months of their onboarding date. Suppliers that fail to meet our standards are not approved until an acceptable report is provided. We also conduct periodic evaluations of existing, previously approved finished good suppliers. We believe that our manufacturing partners are in material compliance with the Company s integrity standards. These independent manufacturers each or in aggregate support a broad mix of product types, materials and a seasonal influx of new, fashion-oriented styles, which allows us to meet shifts in marketplace demand and changes in consumer preferences. We have longstanding relationships with purveyors of fine leathers and hardware. Although our products are manufactured by independent manufacturers, we maintain a strong level of oversight in the selection of key raw materials and compliance with quality control standards is monitored through on-site quality inspections at independent manufacturing facilities. We maintain strong oversight of the supply chain process for each of our brands from design through manufacturing. We are able to do this by maintaining sourcing management offices in Vietnam, mainland China, the Philippines, Cambodia and 7 Spain that work closely with our independent manufacturers. This broad-based, global manufacturing strategy is designed to optimize the mix of cost, lead times and construction capabilities. During fiscal 2025, manufacturers of Coach products were primarily located in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and India and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. During fiscal 2025, Kate Spade products were manufactured primarily in Vietnam, Cambodia, mainland China, and the Philippines and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. Stuart Weitzman products were primarily manufactured in Spain. During fiscal 2025, Stuart Weitzman had one vendor, located in Spain, who individually provided approximately 11% of the brand's total inventory purchases. FULFILLMENT The Company s distribution network is designed to support the movement of each brand's products from our manufacturers to fulfillment centers around the world. These fulfillment centers are either directly operated by the Company or by independent third parties, some of which support multiple brands. Our facilities use bar code scanning warehouse management systems, where our fulfillment center employees use handheld scanners to read product bar codes. This allows for accurate storage and order processing and allows us to provide excellent service to our customers. These facilities are also integrated into our Enterprise Resource Planning system, ensuring accurate inventory reporting. Our products are primarily shipped to retail stores, wholesale customers and e-commerce customers. In North America, we maintain fulfillment centers in Florida, Nevada and Ohio, operated by Tapestry. The Company also has third-party facilities in Canada and Mexico. Globally, we utilize regional fulfillment centers in mainland China, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Spain, owned and operated by third parties, that support multiple countries. We also utilize local fulfillment centers, through third parties in Japan, parts of Greater China, South Korea, Malaysia and Australia. INFORMATION SYSTEMS The Company s information systems are integral in supporting the Company s long-term strategies. Our robust information technology platform serves as a foundation to drive growth and enhance consumer centricity initiatives, and enable data-driven decision making. We are continually enhancing our digital technology platforms to elevate our e-commerce capabilities, strengthen DTC functionalities, and deliver a seamless overall omni-channel experience leveraging modern and cloud-based technologies. During fiscal 2025, we continued to enhance our artificial intelligence, both predictive and generative, and machine learning models for areas such as data analytics, planning, marketing, customer journey personalization, pricing and product creation, to improve our customer capture and segmentation capabilities for more tailored and effective engagement. The Company utilizes a cloud-based digital platform which integrates critical components of our businesses including our customer shopping sites, Order Management Systems, Point of Sale systems, Customer Services, Enterprise Resource Planning systems and product management systems into one cohesive platform with a shared codebase. This unified platform allows us to be a more dynamic and responsive company providing best-in-class service to our customers across all brands in North America, Europe and Japan. Refer to Part I, Item 1C, "Cybersecurity" for further information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Tapestry owns COACH, KATE SPADE and STUART WEITZMAN, as well as all of the material trademark, design and patent-rights related to the production, marketing, distribution and sale of our products in the United States and other countries in which our products are principally sold. In addition, the Company licenses trademarks and copyrights used in connection with the production, marketing and distribution of certain categories of goods and limited edition collaborations. Tapestry also owns and maintains registrations in countries around the world for trademarks in relevant classes of products and services. In addition, Tapestry owns trade dress, copyrights, design patents and utility patents for its brands' product designs. Tapestry aggressively polices its intellectual property and pursues infringers both domestically and internationally. The Company pursues counterfeiters through leads generated internally, as well as through its network of investigators, law enforcement and customs officials, the respective online reporting form for each brand, the Tapestry hotline and business partners around the world. 8 SEASONALITY The Company's results are typically affected by seasonal trends. During the first fiscal quarter, we typically build inventory for the winter and holiday season. In the second fiscal quarter, working capital requirements are reduced substantially as we generate higher net sales and operating income, especially during the holiday season. Fluctuations in net sales, operating income and operating cash flows of the Company in any fiscal quarter may be affected by the timing of wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales, including weather and macroeconomic events. GOVERNMENT REGULATION Most of the Company's imported products are subject to tariffs, indirect taxes, quotas and non-tariff trade barriers that may limit the quantity of products that we may import into the U.S. and other countries or may impact the cost of such products. The Company is not materially restricted by quotas or other government restrictions in the operation of its business; however, customs duties do represent a component of total product cost. To maximize opportunities, the Company operates complex supply chains through foreign trade zones, bonded logistic parks and other strategic initiatives such as free trade agreements. Additionally, the Company operates a direct import business in many countries worldwide. As a result, the Company is subject to stringent government regulations and restrictions, adding significant complexity with respect to its cross-border activity either by the various customs and border protection agencies or by other government agencies which control the quality, safety and sustainability of the Company s products. The Company maintains an internal global trade, customs and product compliance organization to help manage its import/export and regulatory affairs activity. COMPETITION The Company faces intense competition from many other brands in the product lines and markets that we participate. In varying degrees, depending on the product category involved, we compete on the basis of style, price, customer service, quality, brand prestige and recognition, among others. Over the last decade, these brands have grown and are expected to continue to grow, encouraging the entry of new competitors as well as increasing the competition from existing competitors. This increased competition drives interest in these brand loyal categories. We believe, however, that we have significant competitive advantages because of the recognition and the acceptance of our brands by consumers and the power of our information technology platform. 9 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY As a people-centered and purpose-led Company, Tapestry believes that a better-made future is one that is both beautiful and responsible. Our Corporate Responsibility ( CR ) strategy, the Fabric of Change , aims to unite teams across the Company s business to work to meet our Corporate Responsibility Goals and a shared objective: to create a company of the future that balances true fashion authority with meaningful, positive change. The Fabric of Change focuses on four pillars: Power of Our People, Sustain the Planet, Uplift Our Communities and Create Products with Care. Power of Our People: As our company name suggests, we believe in the intertwining of a broad mix of people who bring a variety of perspectives, unleashing the power of innovation and self-expression in our products and experiences. As a global employer, we work to continuously expand our aperture as wide as possible to acquire, retain and grow the best talent. Sustain the Planet: We aim to preserve and restore our planet through investments in solutions that improve biodiversity and reduce the impacts of climate change. We have set goals focused on utilizing 100% renewable energy in our own operations globally, reducing waste in our corporate and fulfillment centers and minimizing water use across our company and supply chain. We also have greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions reduction targets for Scope 1, 2, 3 and Scope 3 Forest, Land and Agriculture that have been validated by Science Based Targets initiative. Uplift Our Communities: We aim to empower the communities where our employees live and work, and provide the resources and capacity needed to support supply chain partners in the regions where we operate. We have set goals focused on volunteer service hours completed by our employees around the world, financial and product donations to nonprofit organizations globally, and ensuring people working in the factories crafting our products will have access to empowerment programs during the workday. Create Products with Care: We aim to increase the use of innovative materials and focus on production methods that design out waste and pollution, keep products in use and restore natural systems. We have set goals focused on tracing and mapping our raw materials, and targets to increase the uptake of sourcing environmentally preferred materials. The Company s CR strategy, including oversight, management and identification of risks, is ultimately governed by the Board of Directors (the "Board") and overseen by an Executive Steering Committee, which is comprised of members of our executive leadership team, and driven by a Task Force, comprised of senior leaders and cross-functional members from major business functions. The Board approves long-term sustainability goals, strategic moves or major plans of action and receives updates at least annually. Tapestry's Governance and Nominations Committee of the Board receives quarterly updates on sustainability strategy, including climate-related topics, progress towards the CR goals and other CR related initiatives. Additional information on the Fabric of Change and CR Goals can be found at www.tapestry.com/responsibility. The content on this website and the content in our corporate responsibility reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. HUMAN CAPITAL At Tapestry, being true to yourself is core to who we are. When each of us brings our individuality to our collective ambition, our creativity is unleashed. This global house of brands was built by unconventional entrepreneurs and unexpected solutions, so when we say we believe in dreams, we mean we believe in making them happen. Where differences intersect, new thinking emerges. We cultivate a place for people who are both warm and rigorous, work that is both challenging and fun and a culture led by both head and heart. Most of all, we bring together the unique spirits of our people and our brands and give them a place to move their work and our industry forward. 10 Governance and Oversight Our Board and its committees provide governance and oversight of the Company's strategy, including over issues of human capital management. The Board has designated the Human Resources Committee of the Board (the HR Committee ) as the primary committee responsible