=== [ER] ABB-Q1-2015-press-release-English.pdf ===
ABB – Solid growth in a mixed market Zurich, Switzerland, April 29, 2015: First-quarter highlights        15% order growth 1, revenues return to growth at +3% Operational EBITA margin 2 steady Net income up 4% Increased cash from operations Financials impacted by currency translation due to strong appreciation of US dollar Continued progress on Power Systems ‘step change’ program Next Level strategy: Collaboration drives large combined power and automation orders “We delivered a solid first quarter in which we grew net income and increased cash flow, in line with our commitment to drive profitable growth and accelerate sustainable value creation,” said CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer. “In a challenging environment, we doubled large orders and kept base orders steady,” he said. “We grew orders in our three largest countries—the US, China and Germany—on a like-for-like basis and won key projects due to our combined power and automation offering, reflecting our competitive advantage. We brought revenue back to growth, benefiting from our order backlog and strong focus on growth segments in a difficult market overall. “We continued to make progress in our Power Systems ‘step change’ program,” he said. “Mix effects and market challenges, such as oil and gas, weighed on margins in the rest of the group. We have taken decisive actions on cost and productivity to address this as part of our ongoing focus on relentless execution. In total, we delivered a steady operational EBITA margin. “We are seeing the first benefits of our Next Level strategy, giving us confidence that we can take advantage of profitable growth opportunities. We are driving cost out and implementing additional restructuring to address market uncertainties in the quarters ahead” Spiesshofer said. Key Figures Change Q1 2015 Q1 2014 Orders 10,404 10,358 0% +15% Revenues 8,555 9,471 -10% +3% 949 1,039 -9% +5% 11.1% 11.0% +0.1 pts 564 544 +4% 0.25 0.24 0.31 0.29 53 (45) ($ in millions, unless otherwise indicated) Operational EBITA 3 as % of operational revenues 2 Net income Basic earnings per share ($) Operational earnings per share ($) (constant currency basis) 2 Cash flow from operating activities Like-for-like2 US$ n.a. Like-for-like is local currency change adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures Outlook summary 4 In the short term, macroeconomic and geopolitical developments are signaling a mixed picture with increased uncertainty. Some macroeconomic signs in the US remain positive and growth 

=== [ER] ABB-Q4-and-full-year-results-2014-press-release-English.pdf ===
Press Release ABB – Robust orders growth, dividend increase Full-year summary § § § § § § § § § § ABB delivers 10%1 order growth to $41.5 bn on focused growth initiatives Base orders up 5%1, large orders up 50%1, positive book-to-bill at 1.04x 3 Power Systems (PS) and lower opening order backlog impacted revenues of $39.8 bn PS at breakeven operational EBITDA2, comparable operational EBITDA margins in other divisions steady 6th consecutive year of +$1 bn in cost savings Net income at $2.6 bn, operational EPS3 $1.28, basic EPS $1.13 Free cash flow3 up 9%, conversion rate3 up to 110%; cash return on investment3 12.7%, up 110 basis pts Portfolio pruning generated more than $1 bn in pre-tax proceeds Board proposes 6th consecutive dividend increase to CHF 0.72 per share Next Level strategy well under way to accelerate sustainable value creation Q4 summary § § § § § § 6th consecutive quarter of base order growth1, total orders steady at $9.4 bn Solid progress on PS turnaround, 2.4% operational EBITDA margin3 Net income up to $680 mn, operational EPS3 $0.34, basic EPS $0.30 Cash from operations reflects more balanced cash generation over the year Partnership with Hitachi on HVDC technology for Japan Foundation for Next Level in place: Market-focused organization implemented, top 1,000 positions filled, performance-based compensation model finalized § Peter Voser proposed as new Chairman of the Board “2014 was a demanding year where we had to overcome the challenges of Power Systems and a low order backlog,” said CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer. “We delivered on our ambition to achieve full-year profitability in Power Systems and took decisive actions to drive organic growth, cost-out and cash generation. “Our solid progress on the Next Level strategy puts us in a strong position to manage the global uncertainties heading into 2015. Our proposal to increase the dividend for the sixth consecutive year demonstrates our commitment to long-term sustainable value creation.” 2014 Q4 and full-year key figures $ millions unless otherwise indicated Q4 14 Q4 13 FY 14 US$ Local Like-forlike3 1% 41'515 -1% FY 13 US$ Local Like-forlike3 38'896 7% 9% 10% 39’830 41’848 -5% -2% -2% 5’400 6’075 -11% 13.5% 14.5% 2'594 2'787 1.13 1.21 3'845 3'653 5% Free cash flow3 2'857 2'632 9% as % of net income 110% 94% Cash return on investment (CROI)3 12.7% 11.6% Orders 9'365 10'003 -6% -1% Order backlog (end Dec.) 24'900 26'046 -4% 5% Revenues 10’346 11’373 -9% -3% Operational EBITDA 1’380 1’418 -3% a

=== [ER] ABB-Q2-2013-press-release-English.pdf ===
Press Release ABB Q2: Improved results on balanced portfolio § § § § 1 2 Higher revenues , operational EBITDA and EPS despite uncertain market environment Early-cycle product businesses trending sequentially higher in several key markets Orders reflect greater ABB project selectivity and lower utility and industrial large capex Thomas & Betts with positive contribution, synergies on track Zurich, Switzerland, July 25, 2013 – ABB reported higher revenues and earnings in the second quarter of 2013 despite challenging global markets. “We continue to see the positive impact on our results from our balanced geographic and business portfolio,” said ABB Chief Executive Officer Joe Hogan. “We grew orders in a number of key sectors and geographies, including China, and we saw an encouraging trend with sequential order growth in most of our product business compared to the first quarter of the year. “At the same time, we executed from our strong order backlog to drive both revenues and earnings higher, and we continued to take out cost to maintain profitability despite the uncertain market conditions. “Orders were down as the strategic realignment in Power Systems launched at the end of last year started to take shape with our focus on greater project selectivity and higher profitability,” Hogan said. “We’ve seen the first results in higher gross margins in the division’s order backlog. “Delays in the award of large orders, which is linked to the ongoing global macroeconomic uncertainty, also impacted orders this quarter. But our underlying demand drivers remain sound and we still generated a book-to-bill3 ratio for the first half of the year of 0.99, and 1.06 excluding the Power Systems division. “In addition, we saw another good contribution from Thomas & Betts, with synergies on track. Both power divisions achieved a solid operational EBITDA margin, and we grew service revenues faster than total organic revenues,” Hogan said. “And our improving Net Promoter Scores show we are making progress to increase customer satisfaction. “Our outlook for the rest of the year remains unchanged from the end of the first quarter. Macro indicators are increasingly mixed, which makes predicting the timing of orders more difficult, especially large project orders. However, our strong backlog will continue to partly mitigate that uncertainty, while we continue to focus on balancing cost and growth and increasing customer satisfaction. We remain confident that our business and regio

=== [ER] ABB-Q4-and-full-year-results-2013-press-release-English.pdf ===
Press Release Record revenues, higher earnings and free cash flow - increased dividend proposed • • • • • • Record annual revenues 1; higher operational EBITDA 2 and earnings per share vs 2012 Free cash flow 3 and operational EBITDA margin up despite Power Systems setback Solid execution on cost yields savings of $1.2 billion Early-cycle orders continue positive trend; large order intake remains low Board recommends 5th consecutive dividend increase to CHF 0.70 per share Systematic and robust approach for shareholder value creation via profitable growth, business-led collaboration, relentless execution Zurich, Switzerland, Feb. 13, 2014 – ABB today reported record full-year revenues and higher operational EBITDA, net income and free cash flow despite a challenging market environment. The Board of Directors has proposed to increase the dividend for 2013 to CHF 0.70 per share. “These solid results, delivered in a mixed business climate and despite the setback in Power Systems, show the strength of ABB and our global team,” said ABB Chief Executive Officer Ulrich Spiesshofer. “Our expanded product and geographic scope enabled us to increase profitability in automation, while we continued to generate market-leading returns in Power Products. We are confident Power Systems will deliver higher, more consistent returns once certain legacy projects have been executed and actions to improve risk and project management are complete. “We again demonstrated good execution on costs savings and strong cash performance, allowing us to th return a higher dividend to shareholders for the 5 consecutive year,” he said. Early-cycle demand continued to trend positively in the second half of 2013 but was offset by delayed large project awards, leading to a lower order backlog at the end of the year. Orders also declined due to the effects of increased order selectivity in the Power Systems division. “We confirm our margin and cash conversion targets, which are important health indicators for an industrial business,” Spiesshofer said. “Our current revenue CAGR expectation over the planning cycle reflects the slower than originally expected global economic recovery and the PS realignment. We aim to deliver attractive mid-teen CROI and continue to drive EPS growth over the current planning cycle of 2011-2015. We will share with the market our strategic ambitions and long-term financial targets in September. “For 2014 we have a clear action plan with a focus on organic growth, furt

=== [ER] ABB-Q3-2013-press-release-English.pdf ===
Press Release ABB Q3: Solid performance across the business    1 2 Revenues and operational EBITDA higher in all divisions, net income up 10 percent 3 Base orders return to year-on-year growth, large project awards remain slow New CEO outlines priorities on growth, collaboration and execution Zurich, Switzerland, October 24, 2013 – ABB reported higher revenues, earnings and cash flows in the third quarter of 2013, on improved performance across all divisions. Orders in early-cycle businesses, driven mainly by customer investments in improved productivity and efficiency, grew compared to the same quarter in 2012, while further delays in large project awards – mainly the result of ongoing economic uncertainties - and the strategic repositioning of the Power Systems division resulted in lower large orders. “It was a solid quarter where we executed well to grow revenues, earnings, cash and net income despite the continued mixed business climate,” said Ulrich Spiesshofer, ABB’s CEO. “We drove good order growth in a number of key markets, including China and Germany, and our base orders returned to year-over-year growth. Project tendering activity in sectors like power transmission and oil and gas continues to increase but the award of large orders remained slow. “At the same time, we can do more to improve our performance and deliver greater value to all of our stakeholders,” he said. “For example, we have significant opportunities to drive profitable growth through increased market penetration—delivering more to our existing customer segments—and by accelerating the development and marketing of innovative products and packaged solutions. We will also continue to expand into attractive markets, both by growing organically, as well as continuing to fill gaps in the portfolio through bolt-on acquisitions. “The second focus area will be to improve our collaboration across the businesses to create more customer value by selling and delivering ABB’s combined automation and power portfolio. Enhanced collaboration in operations will allow us to drive productivity to the next level. “Relentless execution will be the third focus area. We will drive sustainable cost savings momentum, cash flow as well as capital efficiency even harder. In addition, we are stepping up the focus on the successful integration of our acquisitions to maximize the return on our investments. The announcement earlier this week that Greg Scheu will lead our global acquisition integration effor