=== C_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
RISK FACTORS The following discussion presents what management currently believes could be the material risks and uncertainties that could impact Citi’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition. As a large, global financial institution, Citi faces particularly complex, diverse and rapidly changing risks and uncertainties. Other risks and uncertainties, including those not currently known to Citi or its management, could also negatively impact Citi’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition. Thus, the following should not be considered a complete discussion of all of the risks and uncertainties that Citi may face. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could impact Citi, see “Executive Summary,” “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” and each respective business’s results of operations above and “Managing Global Risk” below. The following headings and risk factors generally align with Citi’s risk categorization, although in certain instances the risk factors may not directly correspond with how Citi categorizes or manages its risks. MARKET-RELATED RISKS Macroeconomic, Geopolitical and Other Challenges and Uncertainties Could Continue to Have a Negative Impact on Citi. Citi has experienced, and could experience in the future, negative impacts to its businesses, cost of credit, results of operations and financial condition as a result of various macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatility. These include, among other things: • increases in unemployment rates, recessions or slowing economic growth in the U.S., Europe and other regions or countries • deterioration in consumer and corporate confidence • elevated inflation • significant volatility and disruptions in financial markets • government fiscal or monetary actions (see the changes to interest rates risk factor below) For example, substantial new import tariffs and a significant increase in the U.S. effective tariff rate occurred in 2025. There can be no assurance that there will not be additional significant changes in tariff or trade policies. Potential impacts in the U.S. and globally related to trade or tariff policies could include heightened market volatility, increased economic uncertainty, adverse impacts to inflation and global economic activity, disruptions in global supply chains and trade flows, impacts on corporate profitability and credit losses, and other adverse impacts. Additional areas of uncertainty include, among others, geopolitical challenges, tensions and conflicts, such as those related to the Russia–Ukraine war (see the emerging markets risk factor below) and conflicts in the Middle East and in other regions; economic and geopolitical challenges related to China, including weak economic growth, related policy actions, challenges in the Chinese real estate sector, banking and credit markets, trade restrictions, and tensions or conflicts between China and Taiwan and/or China and the U.S.; high and rising government debt levels in the U.S. and other countries; sanctions; natural disasters; and pandemics. Changes to Interest Rates Could Adversely Affect Citi’s Results of Operations. Central banks’ decisions on key interest rates directly affect borrowing and investment costs, loan and investment returns, and the valuation of financial assets. U.S. and global interest rate levels can significantly affect Citi’s results of operations. Interest rates on loans Citi makes are typically based off or set at a spread over a benchmark interest rate and would likely decline or rise as benchmark rates decline or rise, respectively. While interest Citi earns on its assets and pays on its liabilities generally tends to move in the same direction as changes in benchmark rates, one can decline or rise faster than the other, thereby decreasing or increasing Citi’s net interest income. A decline in interest rates would generally be expected to result in lower net interest income for Citi, although Corporate Treasury has various tools to manage Citi’s total interest rate risk position (see “Managing Global Risk— Market Risk—Market Risk of Non-Trading Portfolios” below). Central banks’ prematurely or disproportionately lowering benchmark interest rates could result in a resurgence of inflation. Higher interest rates can negatively impact the economy, resulting in higher unemployment and lower growth. Increases in interest rates can also adversely impact the fair value of available-for-sale (AFS) and held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities held by Citi, and thereby Citi’s capital levels and regulatory liquidity position. Interest rate movements, as well as pricing and product competition, can also impact depositor behavior and thereby affect net interest income. In addition, Citi’s net interest income could be adversely affected due to a flattening (a lower spread between shorter-term versus longer-term interest rates) or inversion (shorter-term interest rates exceeding longer-term interest rates) of the interest rate yield curve, as Citi typically pays interest on deposits based on shorter-term interest rates and earns money on loans based on longer-term interest rates. For additional information on Citi’s interest rate risk, see the liquidity risk factor and “Managing Global Risk—Market Risk—Banking Book Interest Rate Risk” below. STRATEGIC RISKS Citi’s Ability to Return Capital to Common Shareholders Substantially Depends on Regulatory Capital Requirements, Including the Results of the FRB’s Stress Testing and CCAR Regimes, and Other Factors. Citi’s ability to return capital to its common shareholders consistent with its capital planning efforts and targets, whether through its common stock repurchase program or its common stock dividend, substantially depends, among other things, on its regulatory capital requirements. Citi is required to hold regulatory capital buffers, including a Global Systemically Important Bank (GSIB) surcharge and a Stress Capital Buffer (SCB) based upon the results of the annual CCAR process required by the FRB. For additional information on these regulatory capital buffers, see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Buffers” above. 49 Changes in regulatory capital rules, requirements or interpretations can impact Citi’s required regulatory capital. U.S. banking regulators have proposed a number of changes to the U.S. regulatory capital framework, including significant revisions to the U.S. Basel III, GSIB and supervisory stress test rules. These changes will affect Citi’s regulatory capital requirements and position and the amount of capital Citi will be able to return to shareholders (see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments” above). Citi’s ability to return capital also depends on a variety of other factors, including, but not limited to, the following: • its results of operations and financial condition • any impact to capital from its remaining divestitures • its ability to maintain an effective capital planning process and management framework, which takes into account forecasts of expected macroeconomic conditions and their associated impacts to the level of Citi’s regulatory capital and risk-weighted assets under both the Standardized Approach and the Advanced Approaches, as well as the Supplementary Leverage ratio (SLR ) • deferred tax asset (DTA) utilization (see the ability to utilize DTA risk factor below) All firms subject to CCAR requirements, including Citi, are subject to a rigorous regulatory evaluation of capital planning practices and other reviews and examinations. Citi’s ability to return capital may be adversely impacted if a regulatory evaluation or examination were to result in negative findings regarding absolute capital levels or other aspects of Citi’s or any of its subsidiaries’ operations, including as a result of the imposition of additional capital buffers, limitations on capital distributions or otherwise. For information on limitations on Citi’s ability to return capital to common shareholders, as well as the CCAR process, supervisory stress test requirements and GSIB surcharge, see “Capital Resources—Current Regulatory Capital Standards,” “—Regulatory Capital Buffers” and “—Stress Testing Component of Capital Planning” above and the risk management and legal and regulatory proceedings risk factors below. Citi Faces Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and Globally. Citi, its management and its businesses continue to face regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the U.S. and globally. While the ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing Citi are numerous and subject to change, examples include, but are not limited to, the following: • potential changes to U.S. laws or regulations with respect to credit cards, including a possible cap on interest rates • potential changes to various aspects of the U.S. regulatory capital framework and requirements applicable to Citi (see the capital return risk factor and “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments” above) • potential fiscal, monetary, tax, sanctions and other changes promulgated by the U.S. federal government and other governments (see the macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties and changes to interest rates risk factors above) References to “regulatory” refer to both formal regulation and the views and expectations of Citi’s regulators in their supervisory and enforcement roles, which, as they change over time, can have a major impact. Additionally, U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop with respect to their scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even conflicting requirements, including within a single jurisdiction. Further, ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citi’s long-term business, balance sheet and strategic planning difficult, subject to change, and potentially more costly and may impact its results of operations. U.S. and other regulators globally continue to discuss various changes to regulatory requirements, which require ongoing assessment by management as to the impact to Citi, its businesses and business planning. Business planning must necessarily be based on possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change significantly upon finalization, or upon implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance can change. Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased Citi’s compliance risks and costs (see the implementation and interpretation of regulatory scrutiny and changes risk factor below) and can adversely affect Citi’s competitive position, as well as its businesses, revenues, results of operations and financial condition. Citi May Be Unable to Achieve Its Objectives from Its Simplification, Transformation and Enhanced Business Performance Priorities. Citi has been pursuing overall simplification initiatives to enhance its client focus and reduce expenses. Citi’s simplification initiatives, including completing its divestiture of Banamex, involve various execution challenges, may take longer than expected and may result in higher expenses, or lower than expected expense savings, CTA and other losses or other negative financial or strategic impacts, which could be material, and litigation and regulatory scrutiny (for information about CTA impacts, see the changes in or incorrect assumptions risk factor below). As part of its multiyear transformation, Citi also continues to make significant investments and undertake substantial actions across the Company to modernize its data and technology infrastructure, further strengthen its risk and controls environment and further enhance safety and soundness (see “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” above and the legal and regulatory proceedings risk factor below). 50 Moreover, Citi continues to make business-led investments, as part of the execution of its strategic priorities. For example, Citi has been making technology and other investments across the Company, including hiring employees in key strategic markets and businesses; enhancing product capabilities and platforms to grow key businesses, improve client digital experiences and add scalability; and implementing new capabilities and partnerships. Citi’s simplification, transformation and enhanced business performance priorities involve significant complexities and uncertainties. In addition, there is inherent risk that these initiatives will not be as productive or effective as Citi expects, or at all. Conversely, failure to adequately invest in and upgrade Citi’s technology and processes could result in Citi’s inability to be sufficiently competitive, meet regulatory expectations, serve clients effectively and avoid disruptions to its businesses, and operational errors (see the operational processes and systems and legal and regulatory proceedings risk factors below). Citi’s ability to achieve its expected returns, including underlying expense savings, revenue growth and capital return objectives, as well as related operational improvements depends, in part, on factors that it cannot control, including, among others, macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties; customer, client and competitor actions; and ongoing regulatory requirements or changes. Further, Citi’s simplification, transformation and enhanced business performance priorities may continue to evolve as its business strategies, including with respect to organic or inorganic growth, the market environment and regulatory expectations change, which could make the initiatives more costly and more challenging to implement, and limit their effectiveness. Climate Change Presents Various Financial and Non-Financial Risks to Citi. Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to Citi, with the risks expected to increase over time. Climate risks can arise from both physical risks and transition risks. Physical and transition risks can manifest differently across Citi’s risk categories in the short, medium and long terms. Physical risks include acute risks, such as wildfires, tropical cyclones, heat waves, floods and droughts, as well as consequences of chronic changes in climate. For example, physical risks could have adverse financial, operational and other impacts on Citi, both directly on its business and operations, and indirectly as a result of impacts to Citi’s clients, customers, vendors and other counterparties. These impacts can include the following: • destruction, damage or impairment of owned or leased properties and other assets • destruction or deterioration of the value of collateral, such as real estate • disruptions to business operations and supply chains • reduced availability or increases in the cost of insurance Physical risks can also impact Citi’s credit risk exposures, for example, in its mortgage and commercial real estate lending businesses. Transition risks may arise from changes in regulations or market preferences toward low-carbon industries or sectors, which in turn could have negative impacts on asset values, results of operations or the reputations of Citi and its customers and clients, and lead to a loss of market share, lower revenues and higher credit costs. Diverging legislative and regulatory changes and uncertainties regarding climate-related risk management and disclosures can increase Citi’s regulatory and compliance risks and costs. Furthermore, Citi may face heightened scrutiny and litigation risks stemming from its climate and sustainability commitments, disclosures and marketing. Even as some regulators seek to mandate additional disclosure of climate-related information, Citi’s ability to comply with such requirements and conduct more robust climate-related risk analyses may be hampered by lack of information and reliable data. Data on climate-related risks is limited in availability, often based on estimated or unverified figures, collected and reported on a time-lag, and variable in quality. Modeling capabilities to analyze climate-related risks and interconnections continue to evolve. Citi’s approach to supporting clients in their efforts to decarbonize may lead to both continued exposure to carbon-intensive activity and increased reputation risks from stakeholders with divergent points of view. Additionally, if Citi is unable to achieve some of its objectives or commitments relating to climate change, its businesses, reputation and attractiveness to certain investors or clients may suffer. For additional information, see “Sustainability” and “Managing Global Risk—Strategic Risk—Climate Risk” below. Citi’s Ability to Utilize Its DTAs, and Thus Reduce the Negative Impact of the DTAs on Citi’s Regulatory Capital, Will Be Driven by Its Ability to Generate U.S. Taxable Income. At December 31, 2025, Citi’s net DTAs were $29.5 billion, net of a valuation allowance of $5.0 billion, of which $13.1 billion was deducted from Citi’s CET1 Capital under the U.S. Basel III rules. Of this deducted amount, $10.8 billion related to net operating losses, foreign tax credit and general business credit carry-forwards, with $3.1 billion related to temporary differences in excess of the 10%/15% regulatory limitations, reduced by $0.8 billion of deferred tax liabilities, primarily associated with goodwill and certain other intangible assets that were separately deducted from capital. Citi’s ability to realize its DTAs will primarily be dependent upon its ability to generate U.S. taxable income in the relevant reversal periods. Failure to realize any portion of the net DTAs would have a corresponding negative impact on Citi’s net income and financial returns. The accounting treatment for realization of DTAs is complex and requires significant judgment and estimates regarding future taxable earnings in the jurisdictions in which the DTAs arise and available tax planning strategies. Forecasts of future taxable earnings will depend upon various factors, including, among others, macroeconomic conditions. 51 For additional information on Citi’s DTAs, including FTCs, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates—Income Taxes” below and Notes 1 and 10. Citi Is Subject to Complex Tax Laws, Which May Change, and Citi’s Interpretation or Application of These Complex Tax Laws Could Differ from Those of Governmental Authorities, Which Could Result in Litigation or Examinations and the Payment of Additional Taxes, Penalties or Interest. Citi is subject to various tax laws of the U.S. and its states and municipalities, as well as the numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions in which it operates. These tax laws are inherently complex, and Citi must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these laws to its entities, operations and businesses. Moreover, these tax laws and related regulations may change, which could result in additional tax liability for Citi. Additionally, Citi is subject to litigation or examinations with U.S. and non-U.S. tax authorities regarding tax matters. While Citi has appropriately reserved for such matters where there is a probable loss, and has disclosed reasonably possible losses, the outcome of the matters may be different than Citi’s expectations. Citi’s interpretations or application of the tax laws, including with respect to withholding, stamp, service and other non-income taxes, as well as in connection with asset dispositions, divestitures or similar transactions, could differ from that of the relevant governmental taxing authority, which could result in the requirement to pay additional taxes, penalties or interest, the reduction of certain tax benefits or the requirement to make adjustments to amounts recorded, which could be material. See Note 30 for additional information on how Citi accrues for potential losses from tax matters. A Deterioration in or Failure to Maintain Citi’s Co-Branding or Private Label Credit Card Relationships Could Have a Negative Impact on Citi. Citi has co-branding and private label relationships with various retailers and merchants through its Branded Cards and Retail Services credit card businesses, whereby in the ordinary course of business Citi issues credit cards to consumers, including customers of the retailers or merchants. The five largest relationships across both businesses constituted an aggregate of approximately 12% of Citi’s revenues in 2025 (see “ U.S. Personal Banking ” above). Citi’s co-branding and private label agreements often provide for shared economics between the parties and generally have a fixed term. Competition among credit card issuers, including Citi, for these relationships is significant, and Citi may not be able to maintain such relationships on existing terms or at all. Citi’s co-branding and private label relationships could also be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general economic environment, including the impacts stemming from potential increases in unemployment, inflation or interest rates or lower economic growth rates, as well as a risk of recession; changes in consumer sentiment, spending patterns and credit card usage behaviors; a decline in sales and revenues, partner store closures, any reduction in air and business travel, or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant; changes in partner business strategies, including changes in products and services offered; termination or non-renewal of partner agreements, including early termination due to a contractual breach or exercise of other early termination rights; or other factors, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations or other similar events, whether due to a challenging macroeconomic environment or otherwise. These events, particularly early termination and bankruptcies or liquidations, could negatively impact the results of operations or financial condition of Branded Cards, Retail Services or Citi as a whole, including as a result of loss of revenues, increased expenses, higher cost of credit, impairment of purchased credit card relationships and contract-related intangibles or other losses (see Note 17 for information on Citi’s credit card-related intangibles generally). The Application of U.S. Resolution Plan Requirements May Pose a Greater Risk of Loss to Citi’s Debt and Equity Securities Holders, and Citi’s Inability in Its Resolution Plan Submissions to Address Any Shortcomings or Deficiencies or Guidance Could Subject Citi to More Stringent Capital, Leverage or Liquidity Requirements, or Restrictions on Its Growth, Activities or Operations, and Could Eventually Require Citi to Divest Assets or Operations. Every two years, Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act requires Citi to prepare and submit a plan to the FRB and the FDIC for the orderly resolution of Citigroup (the bank holding company) and its significant legal entities under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of future material financial distress or failure. Under Citi’s preferred “single point of entry” resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup, the parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup’s material legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2025 resolution plan, which can be found on the FRB’s and FDIC’s websites) would remain operational outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. As a result, Citigroup’s losses and any losses incurred by its material legal entity subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of Citigroup’s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible long-term debt and other debt securities. In addition, a wholly owned, direct subsidiary of Citigroup serves as a resolution funding vehicle (the intermediate holding company, or IHC) to which Citigroup has transferred, and has agreed to transfer on an ongoing basis, certain assets. The obligations of Citigroup and of the IHC, respectively, under the amended and restated secured support agreement, are secured on a senior basis by the assets of Citigroup (other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company and certain other assets), and the assets of the IHC, as applicable. As a result, claims of the operating material legal entities against the assets of Citigroup with respect to such secured assets are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of Citigroup. Citi’s single point of entry resolution plan strategy and the obligations under the amended and restated secured support agreement may result in the recapitalization of and/or provision of liquidity to Citi’s operating material legal entities, and the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by Citigroup at an earlier stage of 52 financial stress than might otherwise occur without such mechanisms in place. In line with the FRB’s total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule, Citigroup’s shareholders and unsecured creditors—including its unsecured long-term debt holders—would bear any losses resulting from Citigroup’s bankruptcy. Accordingly, any value realized by holders of its unsecured long-term debt may not be sufficient to repay the amounts owed to such debt holders in the event of a bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup. For additional information on Citi’s single point of entry resolution plan strategy and the IHC and secured support agreement, see “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk” below. On November 22, 2022, the FRB and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on July 1, 2021 by the eight U.S. GSIBs, including Citigroup. The FRB and FDIC jointly identified one shortcoming in Citigroup’s 2021 resolution plan. The shortcoming related to data integrity and data quality management issues, specifically, weaknesses in Citi’s processes and practices for producing certain data that could materially impact its resolution capabilities. On June 20, 2024, the FRB and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on July 1, 2023 by the eight U.S. GSIBs, including Citigroup. The FRB and FDIC jointly identified one shortcoming in Citigroup’s 2023 resolution plan regarding Citi’s derivatives unwind capabilities. If a shortcoming is not satisfactorily explained or addressed before, or in, the submission of the next resolution plan, the shortcoming may be found to be a deficiency in the next resolution plan (see discussion below). Citi submitted a targeted resolution plan on July 1, 2025. Under Title I, if the FRB and the FDIC jointly determine that Citi’s resolution plan is not “credible” (which, although not defined, is generally understood to mean the regulators do not believe the plan is feasible or would otherwise allow Citi to be resolved in a way that protects systemically important functions without severe systemic disruption), or would not facilitate an orderly resolution of Citi under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, and Citi fails to resubmit a resolution plan that remedies any identified deficiencies, Citi could be subjected to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements, or restrictions on its growth, activities or operations. If within two years from the imposition of any such requirements or restrictions Citi has still not remediated any identified deficiencies, then Citi could eventually be required to divest certain assets or operations. Any such restrictions or actions would negatively impact Citi’s reputation, market and investor perception, operations and strategy. Citi’s Performance Could Be Negatively Impacted if It Is Not Able to Hire and Retain Qualified Employees. Citi’s performance and the performance of its individual businesses largely depend on the talents and efforts of its highly qualified employees. Specifically, Citi’s continued ability to compete in each of its lines of business, grow and manage its businesses effectively, as well as to execute its strategic priorities, depends on its ability to hire new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. If Citi is unable to continue to hire, retain and motivate highly qualified employees, Citi’s performance, including its competitive position, the achievement of its priorities and its results of operations could be negatively impacted. Citi’s ability to attract, retain and motivate employees depends on numerous factors, some of which are outside of Citi’s control. For example, the competition for talent continues to be particularly intense due to various factors, such as changes in worker expectations, concerns and preferences. Also, the banking industry generally is subject to more comprehensive regulation of employee compensation than other industries, including deferral and clawback requirements for incentive compensation, which can make it unusually challenging for Citi to compete in labor markets against businesses, including, for example, technology companies, that are not subject to such regulation. Other factors that could impact Citi’s ability to attract, retain and motivate employees include, among other things, Citi’s presence in a particular market or region, the professional and development opportunities it offers and its reputation. For information on Citi’s employee and workforce management, see “Human Capital Resources and Management” below. Citi Faces Potential Disruptions from an Evolving Business Environment, Including Competitive Challenges and Emerging Technologies. Citi operates in an increasingly evolving and competitive business environment, which includes both financial and non-financial services firms, such as banks and private credit, financial technology and digital asset companies, among others. Certain competitors may be subject to different and, in some cases, less stringent legal, re

=== C_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
[NOT FOUND / no update]