=== FOX_2025-09-25.htm.gz ===
fox-20250925 DEF 14A false 0001754301 iso4217:USD 0001754301 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0001754301 2022-07-01 2023-06-30 0001754301 2021-07-01 2022-06-30 0001754301 2020-07-01 2021-06-30 0001754301 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 1 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 2 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 3 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 4 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0001754301 5 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under Section 240.14a-12 Fox Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents 2025 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement November 14, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Standard Time) Virtual Meeting Site: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FOX2025 Table of Contents Fox Corporation 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 (212) 852-7000 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on November 14, 2025, 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Standard Time) Dear Stockholder: The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Fox Corporation (the Company ) will be held on November 14, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Standard Time) exclusively via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FOX2025 . At the virtual Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders will be asked to: elect the seven Director nominees identified in this proxy statement to the Company s Board of Directors; ratify the selection of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026; approve, on an advisory basis, named executive officer compensation; approve, on an advisory basis, the frequency of future advisory votes to approve named executive officer compensation; and vote on two shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. We will also consider any other business properly brought before the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Company s proxy statement. Participating in the Annual Meeting All holders of the Company s common stock as of the Record Date are invited to virtually attend and ask questions at the Annual Meeting. To participate, you will need the unique control number that was included in your proxy materials. If your shares of common stock are held in street name, meaning your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, and your proxy materials do not include a control number, you should contact the broker, bank or other nominee that holds your shares with any questions about obtaining a control number. Class B Common Stockholders may also vote at the Annual Meeting by following the instructions provided on the meeting website during the Annual Meeting. There will be no physical location for the Annual Meeting this year, and you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. For more information, please see the section of the proxy statement titled "Information About the Annual Meeting Participating in the Annual Meeting." Eligibility to Vote While all of the Company s stockholders are invited to virtually attend and ask questions at the Annual Meeting, only stockholders of record of the Company s Class B Common Stock ( Class B Common Stock ) at the close of business on September 22, 2025 (the Record Date ) are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are not entitled to notice and to vote on the matters to be presented at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Even if you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting virtually, we encourage you to vote and submit your proxy in advance by: visiting www.proxyvote.com returning your signed proxy card or voting instruction form calling 1-800-690-6903 toll-free from the United States, U.S. territories and Canada Advance voting deadlines are noted in the section of the proxy statement titled Information About the Annual Meeting Voting and Submission of Proxies. Table of Contents Important Information for Holders of Class B Common Stock It is important that your shares of Class B Common Stock be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. If you are a holder of shares of Class B Common Stock, you may submit a proxy for those shares by telephone or the Internet by following the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, or if you requested a paper proxy card, you may submit your proxy by mail if you prefer. Please review the instructions on the proxy card or the information forwarded by your broker, bank or other nominee regarding the voting instructions. You may also vote your shares of Class B Common Stock at the Annual Meeting (even if you previously submitted a proxy) by following the instructions provided on the meeting website during the Annual Meeting. For more information, please see the section of the proxy statement titled "Information About the Annual Meeting Voting and Submission of Proxies." Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, we urge you to submit a proxy for your shares of Class B Common Stock by telephone or the Internet or, if you requested a paper proxy card, by completing and returning the proxy card as promptly as possible prior to the Annual Meeting to ensure that your shares will be represented at the Annual Meeting. Technical Assistance during the Annual Meeting If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual Annual Meeting webcast, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the Annual Meeting Website log-in page beginning at 9:45 a.m. (Pacific Standard Time) on November 14, 2025. You may vote your shares before the Annual Meeting by following the instructions described in the section of the proxy statement titled "Information About the Annual Meeting Voting and Submission of Proxies." You do not need to access the Annual Meeting webcast to vote if you submitted your vote via proxy in advance of the Annual Meeting. If you would like to register to receive materials relating to next year s annual meeting of stockholders electronically instead of by mail, please select the Electronic Delivery link in the Resources section of the Company s website at investor.foxcorporation.com. We highly recommend that you consider electronic delivery of these documents as it reduces the amount of paper used and mailed to your home. Laura A. Cleveland Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary New York, New York September 25, 2025 Table of Contents YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT REGARDLESS OF HOW MANY SHARES OF CLASS B COMMON STOCK YOU OWN AS OF THE RECORD DATE, PLEASE SUBMIT A PROXY FOR YOUR SHARES BY TELEPHONE OR INTERNET OR, IF YOU HAVE REQUESTED A PAPER PROXY CARD, BY COMPLETING, SIGNING AND DATING THE PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE ENVELOPE PROVIDED, WHICH IS ADDRESSED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE AND NEEDS NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. IN ORDER TO AVOID THE ADDITIONAL EXPENSE TO THE COMPANY OF FURTHER SOLICITATION, THE COMPANY ASKS YOUR COOPERATION IN PROMPTLY SUBMITTING YOUR PROXY BY TELEPHONE, INTERNET OR PROXY CARD. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1 PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 5 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Culture and Social Responsibility 14 PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 15 Report of the Audit Committee 16 Certain Relationships and Related P erson Transactions 18 PROPOSAL NO. 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 19 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 20 Named Executive Officers 20 Compensation Design Principles 20 Fiscal 2025 Business and Management Review 22 Use of Information on Peer Companies and Industry Trends 23 Elements of Compensation 23 Framework for Fiscal 2026 Long-Term Equity-Based Incentive Awards 30 Employment Arrangements, Severance and Change in Control Arrangements 30 Engagement with Stockholders and Compensation Committee s Annual Review of its Compensation Practices 31 Recoupment of Previously Paid Named Executive Officer Compensation 31 Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging of FOX Stock 31 Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines 32 Role of Compensation Consultant 32 Compensation Deductibility Policy 32 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 33 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 33 RISKS RELATED TO COMPENSATION POLICIES AND PRACTICES 33 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 34 Summary Compensation Table for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 34 Grants of Plan-Based Awards During the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 35 Employment Arrangements 36 Outstanding Equity Awards at June 30, 2025 37 Stock Vested and Option Exercises During the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 38 Pension Benefits as of June 30, 2025 39 Potential Payments Upon Termination 40 CEO Pay Ratio 41 Policies and Practices Related to the Timing of Grants of Certain Equity Awards 42 Pay Versus Performance 43 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 46 Board and Committee Retainers for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 46 Director Compensation for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 46 Non-Executive Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 47 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 48 i 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF FOX CORPORATION 49 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF FOX CORPORATION 50 PROPOSAL NO. 4: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE FREQUENCY OF FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 52 PROPOSAL NO. 5 : IMPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM 53 PROPOSAL NO . 6: S IMPLE MAJORITY VOTE 55 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 57 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 62 202 6 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 62 OTHER MATTERS 62 2025 Proxy Statement ii Table of Contents This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical or current fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws. Forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words may, will, should, likely, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, projects, believes, estimates, outlook or any other similar words. Although the Company s management believes that the expectations reflected in any of the Company s forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statements. The Company s future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause the Company s actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from those estimates or projections contained in the Company s forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, government regulation, economic, strategic, political and social conditions. For more detailed information about these factors, see Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Forward-looking statements in this proxy statement speak only as of the date hereof. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement made herein or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or to conform such statements to actual results or changes in our expectations, except as required by law. We are providing our website address in this proxy statement solely for the information of investors. We do not intend the address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website, including any reports that are noted in this proxy statement as being posted on the website, into this proxy statement or into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). iii 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE SUMMARY This proxy statement is first being made available to stockholders on or about September 25, 2025 in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Fox Corporation of proxies for use at the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). Except as otherwise indicated or where the context otherwise requires, in this proxy statement, FOX, the Company, we, us and our refer to Fox Corporation; you, your, yours and other words of similar import refer to holders of Class B Common Stock; and fiscal refers to the applicable fiscal year ended June 30. We provide below highlights of certain information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before you decide how to vote. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time: November 14, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Standard Time) Virtual Meeting Location: The Annual Meeting will be held exclusively via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FOX2025 . For further information about participating in the Annual Meeting please see Information About the Annual Meeting Participating in the Annual Meeting. Record Date: September 22, 2025 Voting: Holders of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ( Class B Common Stock ), are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be presented at the Annual Meeting and may vote on the Internet at www.proxyvote.com , by telephone at 1-800-690-6903 or by completing and returning their proxy card or voting instruction form by 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) on November 13, 2025; or by participating in the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FOX2025 . Holders of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ( Class A Common Stock ), are not entitled to vote on the matters to be presented at the Annual Meeting. The Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are referred to collectively in this proxy statement as the Common Stock. Meeting Agenda Items Proposal Page Number Voting Standard Board Vote Recommendation Management Proposals Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 5 Majority of votes cast FOR each Director nominee Proposal No. 2: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2026 15 Majority of votes cast FOR Proposal No. 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 19 Majority of votes cast FOR Proposal No. 4: Advisory Vote to Approve the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 52 Plurality of votes cast "1 YEAR" Proposal No. 5: Improve Executive Compensation Program 53 Majority of votes cast AGAINST Proposal No. 6: Simple Majority Vote 55 Majority of votes cast AGAINST Board Nominees Director Nominee Director Since Independent Committee Memberships A C NCG Lachlan K. Murdoch 2019 Tony Abbott AC 2023 William A. Burck 2021 Chair Chase Carey 2019 Roland A. Hernandez 2019 Chair Margaret Peggy L. Johnson 2023 Paul D. Ryan 2019 Chair A = Audit Committee C = Compensation Committee NCG = Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 2025 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Board Skills, Independence and Age Our Board is comprised of seven highly skilled directors, six of whom are independent, who bring a diverse range of skills and experiences to the Board s oversight role. The following table summarizes the key skills and experiences the Board considers important in its decision to nominate or re-nominate individuals to the Board. Additional details about each individual Director nominee s experiences and qualifications are presented in his or her biography. Executive Management Experience Public Company Board Experience Media Industry Experience Finance Accounting Corporate Strategy Technology Risk Management ESG Business Development, M A Capital Markets Government Public Policy Non-Profit, Education Philanthropic Experience Directors: Lachlan Murdoch Tony Abbott William A. Burck Chase Carey Roland A. Hernandez Margaret Peggy L. Johnson Paul D. Ryan 85.7% Independent Average: 62 years Fiscal 2025 Business Highlights FOX once again delivered strong operational and financial results in fiscal 2025, including record annual revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow. The Company focuses on producing and distributing quality news, sports and entertainment content that engages and informs audiences and deepens consumer relationships through its iconic brands, including FOX News Media, FOX Sports, Tubi Media Group, FOX Entertainment and FOX Television Stations. FOX also continued to focus on its long-term growth in fiscal 2025, investing in organic initiatives, while delivering meaningful returns of capital to stockholders. During the fiscal year, FOX continued to reach and, in some cases, exceed its strategic goals, all pursuant to its fundamental priorities of delivering quality live and on-demand programming to large and engaged audiences, securing value for its market-leading brands and content and positioning itself for long-term growth. Fiscal 2025 highlights include: FOX News finished fiscal 2025 as the #1 cable network in Monday to Friday primetime and total day viewing among total viewers for the tenth consecutive year. For the fiscal year, FOX News delivered primetime total viewership that exceeded the combined viewership of other cable news channels, delivered ratings that were comparable to ratings delivered by the four broadcast networks in weekday primetime viewing, and was the #1 rated news network among all major political parties among adults 25-54. FOX Business finished as the most-watched business network among total business day viewers during fiscal 2025. Additionally, FOX News Media continued to enhance its digital footprint through the FOX Nation subscription video-on-demand ( SVOD ) service, which grew subscribers by over 34% compared to the prior year, and the FOX Weather free advertising-supported streaming television ( FAST ) service, which doubled its total view time (the total number of hours watched) compared to the prior year. FOX News Digital remained the most-engaged brand in digital news, leading in total views, minutes spent and social interactions in fiscal 2025. 2 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents FOX Sports was the industry leader in live events during the fiscal year with over 250 billion minutes of live sports event viewing on the FOX Network. During the fiscal year, the NFL regular season on FOX averaged over 18 million viewers, while the three NFC postseason games on FOX averaged over 38 million viewers, and Super Bowl LIX averaged nearly 128 million viewers across all platforms, making it the most-watched telecast in U.S. history. FOX s America s Game of the Week ranked as the #2 program on television among total viewers. The 2024 World Series on FOX averaged over 15 million viewers, the most watched World Series in seven years. In college football, the Michigan versus Ohio State game continues to stand as FOX s most-watched regular season college football game. FOX s inaugural broadcast of the Indy 500 drew over 7 million viewers, the highest for the race in 17 years. FOX s Summer of Soccer featuring UEFA EURO 2024 and CONMEBOL Copa Am rica 2024 was the most watched in U.S. English language TV history. Additionally, FOX aired the most-watched regular season women s college basketball game on any network in the 2024-2025 season. In fiscal 2025, Tubi delivered record revenues, which grew 29% compared to the prior fiscal year and exceeded $1 billion for the first time. Total view time reached approximately 11 billion hours over the course of fiscal 2025, a record and an increase of 13% compared to the prior fiscal year. According to Nielsen s The Gauge , Tubi finished the fiscal year among the most-watched free ad-supported streaming services in the U.S., reaching approximately 2.2% of all television viewing. Tubi partnered with FOX Sports to simulcast Super Bowl LIX , which averaged nearly 14 million Tubi viewers, setting a record for Super Bowl streaming viewership while peaking at 15.5 million concurrent streaming viewers. Tubi expanded its content offerings to nearly 300,000 movies and television episodes, including the premiere of over 70 new original titles throughout the fiscal year. Tubi also grew its linear streaming offerings to supplement its on-demand service with the launch of 40 sports, entertainment and local news channels to bring its total offering to over 320 channels as of the end of fiscal 2025. FOX Entertainment remained a leader in programming during the 2024-2025 broadcast season. In the key Adults 18-49 demographic, the FOX Network also featured the season s #1 comedy program Universal Basic Guys , #1 unscripted debut Extracted , #1 game show The Floor , and television s three highest-rated and most watched cooking shows with Gordon Ramsay s Next Level Chef , Hell s Kitchen and Kitchen Nightmares . The premiere of FOX Entertainment s new hit medical drama Doc delivered 18 million viewers across platforms, ranking it as FOX Entertainment s most-watched debut in five years. In addition, FOX Entertainment Studios produced or co-produced original content for third parties, including many of the leading SVOD services (Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Hulu and Apple TV+). FOX Television Stations remains a leader in local news coverage, producing over 1,350 hours of local news coverage each week across 18 markets, including 14 of the top 15 Nielsen-designated market areas ( DMAs ). In fiscal 2025, FOX Television Stations achieved record political advertising revenues from the 2024 presidential election cycle. During the fiscal year, FOX Television Stations grew and enhanced its digital offerings through the continued rollout of local news content on connected televisions and FAST services in a number of markets as well as the expansion and success of the FOX Local Extension (FLX) digital advertising platform. FOX Television Stations total view time through connected televisions for the fiscal year grew 90% compared to the prior fiscal year and LiveNOW from FOX grew approximately 200% compared to the prior fiscal year. These initiatives led to Fox Television Stations digital advertising revenue growth of 29% as compared to the prior fiscal year. The Company generated healthy affiliate fee revenue growth of 5% due to higher average rates per subscriber and fees received from television stations that are affiliated with the FOX Network. Additionally, the Company s key networks continue to be distributed on all major traditional and virtual multi-channel video programming distributor ( MVPD ) services, reflecting the highly coveted nature of the Company s content. The Company generated robust advertising revenue growth of 26% as its portfolio of leading live news and sports brands continued to deliver engaged, real-time audiences at scale. During the fiscal year, the Company saw record revenues from both the U.S. presidential election cycle and the broadcast of Super Bowl LIX . The Company ended the fiscal year with approximately $5.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents on its balance sheet while returning approximately $1.25 billion of capital to its stockholders through the Company s cash dividend and its stock repurchase program and retiring $600 million of debt in fiscal 2025. As of June 30, 2025, the Company has repurchased approximately $6.6 billion (approximately 190 million shares) under the stock repurchase program since the program s launch in November 2019, with approximately $1 billion repurchased during fiscal 2025. FOX continues to broaden and deepen its corporate social responsibility efforts, with a focus on local community engagement. Our recent environmental, social and governance achievements are highlighted in FOX s annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report, published in August 2025. Corporate Governance The Board has adopted a Statement of Corporate Governance that, in conjunction with the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated By-Laws (the By-laws ), other corporate governance documents and all applicable laws, provides a framework within which the Board may conduct its business and provides the appropriate oversight of management. Highlights of the Board s approach to corporate governance include: Director Accountability. Each member of the Board ( Director ) is elected annually with a majority vote standard in uncontested elections, which includes a Director resignation policy as set forth in the Statement of Corporate Governance. Independent Board Oversight. As outlined in the Statement of Corporate Governance, the independent Directors of the Board annually elect a Lead Independent Director who has substantive responsibilities and significant authority including over meeting schedules, agendas and information sent to the Board. The Board holds regular executive sessions of the independent Directors without management present and the Lead Independent Director presides over such sessions. 2025 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Independent Board Committees. Only independent Directors serve on the Board s key committees. Dual-Class Capital Structure. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee continues to consider the benefits and considerations of multi-class capital structures, including their effects on economic performance and investment in innovation, and the protections that such structures allow media companies to pursue independent journalism, and it continues to believe that a dual-class capital structure remains appropriate and in the best long-term interests of our stockholders. Board Oversight of Risk. The Board oversees the identification, monitoring and management of the Company s risks and, with or through its committees as appropriate, regularly receives periodic updates from, and discusses with, senior management risks the Company faces, including operational, strategic, legal and regulatory, financial, reputational and sustainability and corporate social responsibility risks, and the plans to address them. The independent Directors also discuss the Company s significant risks when they meet in executive session without management. In addition, each of the Board s committees assists the Board in overseeing the management of the Company s risks within the areas delegated to that committee by providing guidance and reports to the full Board with respect to these risks as appropriate. Stock Ownership Requirements. The Compensation Committee maintains stock ownership guidelines for our named executive officers and non-executive Directors to ensure the close alignment of their interests with those of other long-term stockholders. Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging. To further align interests and protect against unnecessary risk-taking, the Board has adopted a policy that prohibits all Directors and employees, including our named executive officers, from hedging and pledging Company securities and other actions as described in the section titled Corporate Governance below. Insider Trading Policy. The Company maintains a policy governing the purchase, sale, and other transactions in the Company s securities, which applies to the members of the Board, director emeriti and employees, as well as certain family members and controlled entities. The policy also addresses Company repurchases of its own securities, including through stock repurchase programs authorized by the Board. For more information, please refer to the section titled Corporate Governance below. Executive Compensation The Company has established a compensation program that seeks to closely align the interests of its named executive officers with the interests of its stockholders. The Company s executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and motivate top executive talent, drive performance without encouraging unnecessary or excessive risk-taking and support both short-term and long-term value creation for stockholders. The Company s annual bonus program and long-term equity-based program under the Fox Corporation 2019 Shareholder Alignment Plan (the 2019 SAP ) for its named executive officers rely on a number of diversified performance metrics. Collectively, the annual bonus program and equity-based awards granted under the 2019 SAP result in a significant portion of each named executive officer s total compensation opportunity being dependent upon achievement of targeted levels of financial performance, stock price appreciation, relative total shareholder returns and individual and group contributions. The Company has strong governance policies related to executive compensation. The Compensation Committee is comprised entirely of independent Directors. In addition, the Company s named executive officer compensation programs include risk mitigation features, such as Compensation Committee discretion and oversight, a balance of annual and long-term incentives, the use of multiple performance metrics and performance measurement periods, award opportunities that are fixed or capped and recoupment provisions for performance-based compensation. The Compensation Committee annually oversees an assessment of risks related to compensation policies and practices and considers the input of its independent compensation consultant regarding our named executive officer and non-executive Director compensation practices and framework. As described above, the Compensation Committee maintains stock ownership guidelines that apply to the Company s named executive officers, and the Company prohibits hedging and pledging of the Company s securities by all Directors and employees, including the named executive officers. To comply with the clawback rules under the Exchange Act and the associated SEC rules and Nasdaq listing standards, the Board maintains the Fox Corporation Clawback Policy (the Clawback Policy ). The Clawback Policy provides for the mandatory recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation (if any) from current and former executive officers of the Company ( Covered Officers ) in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws. In addition, the Clawback Policy goes beyond the SEC rules and Nasdaq listing standards and provides the Compensation Committee with the discretion to require reimbursement of all or any portion of any bonus paid to the Covered Officers with respect to the period in which the executive engaged in harassment, discrimination and/or retaliation, including the failure to respond to allegations or complaints of such behaviors. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis begins on page 20 and the Executive Compensation section, which includes the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 Summary Compensation Table and other related tables and disclosure, begins on page 34. 4 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board has nominated seven Director nominees for election at this Annual Meeting to hold office until the next annual meeting or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. If, for any reason, any of the Director nominees become unavailable for election, the proxy holders may exercise discretion to vote for a substitute nominee proposed by the Board. The information with respect to principal occupation or employment, other affiliations and business experience was furnished to the Company by the respective Director nominee. The ages shown are as of September 22, 2025. Each of the Director nominees has indicated that he or she will be able to serve if elected and has agreed to do so. Lachlan K. Murdoch Age: 54 Director Since: 2019 Lachlan K. Murdoch has been Executive Chair of the Board since January 2019 and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since October 2018. Mr. L.K. Murdoch served as Executive Chairman of Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. ( 21CF ), the Company s former parent, from 2015 to March 2019, its Co-Chairman from 2014 to 2015 and a Director since 1996. He served as Executive Chairman of NOVA Entertainment, an Australian media company, from 2009 to 2022 and has served as the Executive Chairman of Illyria Pty Ltd, a private company, since 2005. Mr. L.K. Murdoch was a Director of Ten Network Holdings Limited, an Australian media company, from 2010 to 2014 and its Non-Executive Chairman from 2012 to 2014, after serving as its Acting Chief Executive Officer from 2011 to 2012. He has served as a Director of News Corporation ( News Corp ) since 2013, where he served as its Co-Chairman from 2014 to 2023 and its Chair since 2023. Mr. L.K. Murdoch is the son of Mr. K. Rupert Murdoch, who stepped down as Chair and was appointed Chairman Emeritus of the Company in November 2023. Mr. L.K. Murdoch brings to the Board a wealth of knowledge regarding the Company s operations and the media industry, as well as management and strategic skills. With his extensive experience leading the Company and 21CF and his expertise in the media industry, Mr. L.K. Murdoch leads the Board in developing corporate strategies, directing the corporate agenda and overseeing the Company s operations. Tony Abbott AC Age: 67 Director Since: 2023 Tony Abbott AC has been a Director of the Company since November 2023 and serves as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Abbott served as the 28 th Prime Minister of Australia from 2013 to 2015. Mr. Abbott was Leader of the Liberal Party of Australia from 2009 to 2015 and a member of parliament from 1994 to 2019. Mr. Abbott was an advisor to the UK Board of Trade from September 2020 to August 2024. In addition, he has served as the Australian Commissioner of the Global Tech Security Commission since 2023 and served on the Board of Trustees of the Global Warming Policy Foundation since 2023, the Advisory Board of The Alliance for Responsible Citizenship since 2023, the Council for the Australian War Memorial since 2019 and the Board of the Ramsay Center for Western Civilisation since 2016. Mr. Abbott brings to the Board decades of executive leadership, expertise in matters of trade, economic and public policy, and a strong international business development network. William A. Burck Age: 54 Director Since: 2021 William A. Burck has been a Director of the Company since June 2021 and serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee and as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Burck is Global Co-Managing Partner of the law firm Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Sullivan, LLP, where he has been a partner since 2012. Mr. Burck served as Deputy Staff Secretary, Special Counsel and Deputy White House Counsel to President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2009. Mr. Burck previously served in the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Southern District of New York, and as a law clerk for Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy. Mr. Burck is a leading trial lawyer and corporate counselor who brings to the Board his decades of experience advising companies, boards of directors, senior executives and government officials in complex litigation and business matters. His experience, including government service, strengthens the Board s insight on regulatory issues and important constitutional questions. 2025 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Chase Carey Age: 71 Director Since: 2019 Chase Carey has been a Director of the Company since March 2019. Mr. Carey is the Lead Independent Director and serves as a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Mr. Carey has served on the Board of Directors of Liberty Media Corporation since January 2025. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Formula 1 Group from 2017 to 2021 and as its Chairman from 2016 to 2022. Mr. Carey served 21CF in numerous roles, including as Vice Chairman of the 21CF Board from July 2016 to March 2019, Executive Vice Chairman from July 2015 through June 2016, President and Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chairman from 2009 through June 2015, Co-Chief Operating Officer from 1996 to 2002, a consultant from 2016 to 2018 and a Director from 1996 to 2007. Mr. Carey served on the Supervisory Board of Sky Deutschland, a German media company, from 2010 to 2014 and as its Chairman from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Carey was a Director of Sky plc from 2003 to 2009 and from 2013 to 2018. He was a Director of Saban Capital Acquisition Corp. from 2016 to 2019 and Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of DIRECTV from 2003 to 2009. Mr. Carey provides the Board with extensive executive experience and operational expertise in the media and sports industries. Having served in a variety of leadership positions at 21CF and its affiliates for over 30 years, Mr. Carey has a broad and deep understanding of the Company and its operations. Roland A. Hernandez Age: 67 Director Since: 2019 Roland A. Hernandez has been a Director of the Company since March 2019 and serves as Chair of the Audit Committee and as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Since 2001, Mr. Hernandez has been the Founding Principal and Chief Executive Officer of Hernandez Media Ventures, a company engaged in the acquisition and management of media assets. Mr. Hernandez was President and Chief Executive Officer of Telemundo Group, Inc. from 1995 to 2000 and its Chairman from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Hernandez also serves on the Board of Directors of U.S. Bancorp and Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. Mr. Hernandez previously served on the Boards of Directors of Belmond Ltd., MGM Resorts International, The Ryland Group, Inc., Sony Corporation, Vail Resorts, Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. He serves on the Advisory Board of Harvard Law School. As a veteran media owner and executive, Mr. Hernandez offers strong leadership, operational and strategic expertise. His significant experience on public company boards of directors is a valuable resource to the Board, in particular relating to financial reporting, accounting and corporate governance matters. Margaret Peggy L. Johnson Age: 63 Director Since: 2023 Margaret Peggy L. Johnson has been a Director of the Company since November 2023 and serves as a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Ms. Johnson has been the Chief Executive Officer of Agility Robotics, a robotics engineering company, since March 2024. Ms. Johnson previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Magic Leap, Inc., a U.S. augmented reality company, from August 2020 to October 2023. She served as Executive Vice President of Business Development at Microsoft Corporation, where she was responsible for strategic deals and partnerships across various industries, from 2014 to 2020. Before Microsoft, Ms. Johnson was Executive Vice President of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and President of Global Market Development at Qualcomm Incorporated. Ms. Johnson has served on the Board of Directors of BlackRock, Inc. since 2018 and served on the Board of Directors of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. from 2013 to 2018. She was an Advisor to Huntington s Disease Society of America, San Diego Chapter from 2010 to 2020. Ms. Johnson brings to the Board a wealth of expertise and leadership experience across the technology sector, providing the Company with unique insight into emerging technologies and over three decades of business operations and strategic development experience. Paul D. Ryan Age: 55 Director Since: 2019 Paul D. Ryan has been a Director of the Company since March 2019 and serves as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee. He is a General Partner of the private equity firm Solamere Capital, LLC and Chair of the firm s Executive Partner Group. He is Vice Chairman of Teneo Strategy LLC and also serves on the Advisory Boards of Robert Bosch Gmbh and Paradigm Operations L.P. and the Boards of Directors of Xactus (formerly UniversalCIS) and SHINE Medical Technologies, LLC. Mr. Ryan served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Executive Network Partnering Corporation from 2020 to 2022. He has been a Professor of the Practice, Political Science and Economics, at the University of Notre Dame since 2019. Mr. Ryan was the 54 th Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 2015 to 2019, Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee from January 2015 to October 2015 and Chairman of the House Budget Committee from 2011 to 2015. Mr. Ryan served as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1999 to 2019. In 2012, he was selected to serve as former Governor Mitt Romney s Vice-Presidential nominee. A proven leader and policy expert, Mr. Ryan s extensive experience provides the Company with perspectives on strategy and operations in regulated industries. He offers the Board valuable insight on leadership, public policy and strategic development. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the nominees listed above. 6 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Commitment to Corporate Governance and Ethical Compliance. The Company is committed to maintaining robust governance practices and a strong ethical culture that benefit the long-term interests of our stockholders. The Company, along with the Board, regularly reviews, updates and enhances its corporate governance practices and compliance and training programs, as appropriate, in light of stockholder and director feedback, changes in applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange requirements, and the evolving needs of the Company s business. The Company s corporate governance and compliance practices include: Director Accountability. Each Board member is elected annually with a majority vote standard in uncontested elections, which includes a Director resignation policy as set forth in the Statement of Corporate Governance. Independent Board Oversight. As outlined in the Statement of Corporate Governance, the independent Directors of the Board annually elect a Lead Independent Director who has substantive responsibilities and significant authority including over meeting schedules, agendas and information sent to the Board. The Board holds regular executive sessions of the independent Directors without management present and the Lead Independent Director presides over such sessions. Independent Board Committees. Only independent Directors serve on the Board s key committees. Dual-Class Capital Structure. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee continues to consider the benefits and considerations of multi-class capital structures, including their effects on economic performance and investment in innovation, and the protections that such structures allow media companies to pursue independent journalism, and it continues to believe that a dual-class capital structure remains appropriate and in the best long-term interests of our stockholders. Board Oversight of Risk. Although risk management is primarily the responsibility of the Company s management, the Board is responsible for overseeing management s identification, monitoring and management of risk. The Board does not view risk in isolation; it considers risks in making significant business decisions and as part of the Company s overall business strategy. The Board, with or through its committees as appropriate, regularly has discussions with and receives periodic updates from the Company s Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Legal and Policy Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other members of senior management regarding significant risks to the Company, including in connection with the annual review of the Company s business plan and its review of budgets, strategy and major transactions. These discussions include operational, strategic, legal and regulatory, financial, reputational and sustainability and corporate social responsibility risks, and the plans to address these risks. The independent Directors also discuss the Company s significant risks when they meet in executive session without management. In addition, each of the Board s committees assists the Board in overseeing the management of the Company s risks within the areas delegated to that committee by providing guidance and reports to the full Board with respect to these risks as appropriate. The Audit Committee is responsible for (i) overseeing the Company s policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including with respect to cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence, (ii) overseeing the Company s financial and other major risk exposures and the steps taken to monitor and control them, and (iii) providing guidance to the Board on such matters. The Compensation Committee has responsibility for monitoring risks associated with the design and administration of the Company s compensation programs, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees risks relating to the Company s corporate governance processes and sustainability and corporate social responsibility. Each committee has full access to management, as well as the ability to engage advisors. Each of the Board s committees reviews its charter and responsibilities annually. Board Oversight of Human Capital Management and Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility Matters. The Compensation Committee assists the Board in reviewing and assessing the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management and oversight of the Company s stockholder engagement efforts with respect to human capital management matters, together with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also oversees, reviews and monitors the Company s sustainability and corporate social responsibility efforts, as well as the related risks and the Company s reporting with respect to such matters. Political Activities. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews and oversees compliance with the Company s Political Activities Policy and reviews and oversees its Political Activities Report. In direct response to stockholder feedback and as part of our efforts to promote transparency and accountability, the Company adopted significant updates to its Political Activities Policy and enhanced its political activities disclosures by publishing its first annual Political Activities Report in 2022. Both the Political Activities Policy and the Political Activities Report are reviewed and updated on at least an annual basis and are available on the Company s website at foxcorporation.com . Stock Ownership Requirements. The Compensation Committee maintains stock ownership guidelines for our named executive officers and non-executive Directors to ensure the close alignment of their interests with those of other long-term stockholders. 2025 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging. To further align interests and protect against unnecessary risk-taking, the Board has adopted a policy that prohibits all Directors and employees, including our named executive officers, from engaging in short sales of the Company s securities and investing in Company-based derivative securities. In addition, the policy prohibits all Directors and employees, including our named executive officers, from pledging any Company securities that they hold directly, hedging any Company securities that they hold directly or indirectly, or hedging or pledging equity compensation. The Compensation Committee periodically reviews the Company s hedging and pledging policies. Insider Trading Policy. The Company maintains a policy governing the purchase, sale, and other transactions in the Company s securities, which applies to the members of the Board, director emeriti and employees, as well as certain family members and controlled entities. Our policy (i) provides broad prohibitions against the illegal and unauthorized use and disclosure of material non-public information about FOX as well as other companies, and (ii) subjects our directors, officers and certain other designated individuals to additional trading restrictions. The policy also addresses Company repurchases of its own securities, including through stock repurchase programs authorized by the Board. We believe our policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards applicable to the Company. Codes of Conduct and Other Corporate Governance Policies. The Board has adopted a Statement of Corporate Governance, Standards of Business Conduct and charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, each of which assist the Board in the exercise of its responsibilities and serve as a framework for the effective governance of the Company. The Board supervises the enforcement of the Standards of Business Conduct and other Company policies through the Company s Ethics and Compliance Program, with the assistance of the Audit Committee, which oversees the content and operation of the program. Harassment or Discrimination Based on Sex, Race or Other Protected Categories. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the Company s business practice and corporate value of zero tolerance for sexual harassment, race discrimination and all other forms of discrimination. The Standards of Business Conduct, together with the Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy, provide the Company with a framework for handling discrimination or harassment complaints and taking remedial measures if the Company determines that there has been a violation of the Company s policies against such conduct. In addition, the Company s Clawback Policy goes beyond the SEC rules and Nasdaq listing standards and provides the Compensation Committee with the discretion to require reimbursement of all or any portion of any bonus paid to the Covered Officers with respect to the period in which the executive engaged in harassment, discrimination and/or retaliation, including the failure to respond to allegations or complaints of such behaviors. Workplace Civility and Respect. The Standards of Business Conduct, Statement of Corporate Governance and Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy affirm the Company s commitment to corporate policies that create a safe, productive and welcoming workplace for all of the Company s employees and foster an environment of trust. FOX supports multiple employee resource groups, established based on common identities or interests, to enhance career development, enable company-wide networking, cultivate respect within the workplace and promote belonging. Oversight and Ongoing Enhancement of Compliance Programs. The Company has adopted several operational compliance policies and programs to effectuate and supplement the principles set forth in the Standards of Business Conduct, including a Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, an Insider Trading and Confidentiality Policy, a Political Activities Policy, a Global Sanctions, Anti-Boycott and Import/Export Policy, a Human Rights Statement, a Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy, Supplier and Subcontractor Standards titled Doing Business with FOX and Principles Governing Fair Competition. In addition, the Board has also adopted and oversees the Company s Ethics and Compliance Program to enforce the Standards of Business Conduct and these policies. The Audit Committee assists the Board by reviewing the content and operation of the Ethics and Compliance Program, including the content of the Standards of Business Conduct. All employees, officers and Directors are required to complete periodic training on the key elements of these policies and the Standards of Business Conduct. The Company has established internal controls to monitor and evaluate ongoing compliance with these policies. These policies and controls are regularly reviewed and audited to evaluate their effectiveness and adequacy to address potential compliance risks posed by factual and legal developments. Independent, Anonymous Complaint Process. The Company maintains a third-party managed hotline ( Alertline ) that permits the anonymous reporting of compliance and other concerns by employees and non-employees. All Alertline submissions are reviewed and investigated by appropriate members of management. The results of all such investigations are reported to senior management and the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis. Independent Directors. The Board considers the criteria contained in the definition of Independent Director as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) in its determination of whether a Director shall be deemed to be independent of the Company. However, the Board may determine that a Director is not independent for any reason it deems appropriate. During its review of Director independence, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances. The Board considers transactions and relationships between each Director, or any member of his or her immediate family and the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Board also examines transactions and relationships between the Directors or their affiliates and members of the Company s senior management or their affiliates. The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are inconsistent with a determination that the Director is independent. As a result of its review, the Board affirmatively determined that Mr. Abbott, Mr. Burck, Mr. Carey, Mr. Hernandez, Ms. Johnson and Mr. Ryan are independent of the Company and its management under the standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing rules. A majority of Directors are independent as required under applicable Nasdaq listing rules and by the Statement of Corporate Governance, and only independent directors serve on the Board's key committees. 8 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Leadership Structure. The Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining the most effective leadership structure for the Company. To retain flexibility in carrying out this responsibility, the Board has not adopted a policy that expressly requires that the Chair of the Board shall be an independent member of the Board. However, pursuant to the Statement of Corporate Governance, if the Chair is not an independent Director, an independent, non-executive Director shall be elected annually by a majority of the independent, non-executive Directors of the Board as Lead Independent Director. Since March 19, 2019, the date on which the Company became a standalone publicly traded company, Mr. L.K. Murdoch serves as Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The independent Directors have elected Mr. Carey to serve as the Lead Independent Director. As set forth in the Statement of Corporate Governance, the Lead Independent Director s responsibilities include: presiding over all meetings of the Board at which the Chair of the Board is not present, including executive sessions of the non-executive Directors and the independent Directors; communicating to the Chair of the Board feedback from executive sessions as appropriate; serving as liaison between the Chair of the Board and the independent Directors; approving information sent to the Board and meeting agendas for the Board; approving meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; calling meetings of the non-executive Directors and/or independent Directors, if desired; participating in the Compensation Committee s evaluation of the performance of the Chief Executive Officer; supervising the self-evaluations of the Directors in coordination with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; supervising the Board s determination of the independence of its Directors; and ensuring his or her availability for consultation and direct communications, if requested by major stockholders. The Board believes that this management and Board leadership structure, combined with the oversight of the Board comprised of a majority of independent Directors, a Lead Independent Director role with significant responsibilities and the Company s robust corporate governance policies and procedures, effectively maintains independent oversight of management and is in the best interests of the Company s stockholders. Having Mr. Murdoch, who is deeply involved with the Company s businesses, serve as Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, provides strong leadership to the Board in the execution of the Company s strategy and facilitates the flow of information between the Board and management. The Board reviews its leadership structure at least annually taking into account the responsibilities of the leadership positions and the Directors qualified to hold such positions. In conducting this review, the Board considers, among other things: (i) the policies and practices in place that provide independent Board oversight; (ii) the Company s performance and the effect a particular leadership structure may have on that performance; (iii) the structure that serves the best interests of the Company s stockholders; and (iv) any relevant legislative or regulatory developments. CEO and Senior Management Succession Planning. The Board, with the assistance of the Compensation Committee, oversees succession planning for the Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management. As set forth in the Statement of Corporate Governance, the Board, in coordination with the Compensation Committee, also sees that the Company has in place appropriate steps to address emergency CEO succession in the event of extraordinary circumstances. As part of the succession planning process, on an annual basis at a regularly scheduled meeting, the Chief Executive Officer provides the Compensation Committee recommendations and evaluations of candidates and their succession potential to the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management positions. The Compensation Committee reviews potential candidates with the Chief Executive Officer or other members of senior management as the Compensation Committee considers appropriate, which covers development needs and progress with respect to specific individuals. Directors engage with potential candidates at Board and committee meetings and periodically in less formal settings to allow personal assessment of candidates. Further, the Compensation Committee periodically reviews the qualifications, tenure and experience of members of senior management. The Lead Independent Director also participates in the Compensation Committee s evaluation of the performance of the Chief Executive Officer. Emergency CEO succession planning enables the Company to respond to an unexpected vacancy in the Chief Executive Officer position while continuing the effective operation of the Company and minimizing any potential disruption to the Company s business and operations, including in the case of a major catastrophe. Stockholder Engagement. The Board values engaging directly with the Company s stockholders. The Company has participated in several investor conferences and has held numerous meetings with retail and institutional stockholders to discuss various topics, including its financial performance, strategy, corporate governance and executive compensation program. The Company's engagement efforts take place through telephone calls, in-person meetings and correspondence with our investors. For further information, please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Engagement with Stockholders and Compensation Committee s Annual Review of its Compensation Practices. 2025 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Statement of Corporate Governance. The Board has adopted a Statement of Corporate Governance that sets forth the Company s corporate governance guidelines and practices. The full text of the Statement of Corporate Governance may be found on the Company s website at foxcorporation.com/corporate-governance/statement-corporate-governance and is available in print to any stockholder from the Secretary of the Company. Each Director has certified that he or she has reviewed the Statement of Corporate Governance, has complied with it and will comply with it. Standards of Business Conduct. The Board has adopted a code of ethics, the Standards of Business Conduct. The Standards of Business Conduct confirm the Company s policy to conduct its affairs in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and observe the highest standards of business ethics. The Standards of Business Conduct also apply to ensure compliance with stock exchange requirements and to ensure accountability at a senior management level for that compliance. The Company intends that the spirit, as well as the letter, of the Standards of Business Conduct be followed by all Directors, officers and employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and divisions, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officers. This is communicated to each new Director, officer and employee and was communicated to those in such positions at the time the Standards of Business Conduct were adopted. The Board has also adopted and, with the assistance of the Audit Committee, oversees the Company s Ethics and Compliance Program to enforce the Standards of Business Conduct and other Company policies. The full text of the Standards of Business Conduct may be found on the Company s website at foxcorporation.com/corporate-governance/sobc and is available in print to any stockholder from the Secretary of the Company. Amendments to the Standards of Business Conduct or any waiver from a provision of the Standards of Business Conduct requiring disclosure under applicable SEC rules will also be disclosed on the Company s website. Director Nomination Process. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee develops criteria for filling vacant Board positions, taking into consideration such factors as it deems appropriate, including the candidate s education and background; his or her leadership and ability to exercise sound judgment; his or her general business experience and familiarity with the Company s businesses; and whether he or she possesses unique expertise or perspective that will be of value to the Company. Candidates should not have any interests that would materially impair their ability to exercise independent judgment or otherwise discharge the fiduciary duties owed as a Director to the Company and its stockholders. All candidates must be individuals of personal integrity and ethical character, and who value and appreciate these qualities in others. It is expected that each Director will devote the necessary time to the fulfillment of his or her duties as a Director. In this regard, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider the number and nature of each Director s other commitments, including other directorships. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to promote a wide range of professional backgrounds, expertise and perspectives among Board members. Russell Reynolds Associates Inc. has been retained in the past to assist the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in its work in identifying and vetting candidates from time to time. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee makes its recommendation to the full Board, which makes the final determination whether to nominate or appoint Director candidates. Stockholder Nomination Procedure. The Company s By-laws provide procedures for stockholders to nominate persons for election as Directors. Pursuant to the By-laws, to be timely for the 2026 Annual Meeting (as defined below), stockholder nominations must be in writing and received by the Company s Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices between 5:00 p.m. (New York Time) on July 17, 2026 and 5:00 p.m. (New York Time) on August 14, 2026. Stockholder nominations must contain all information relating to the stockholder and the stockholder nominee as would be required pursuant to the By-laws. For further information, please see 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders below. Director candidates recommended by stockholders should meet the Director qualifications set forth under the heading Director Nomination Process. Director candidates recommended by stockholders who meet these Director qualifications will be considered by the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, who will present the information on the candidate to the entire Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. All Director candidates recommended by stockholders will be considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in the same manner as any other candidate. Communication with the Board. Stockholders play an integral part in corporate governance and the Board ensures that stockholders are kept fully informed through: information provided on the Company s website foxcorporation.com , including the Company s annual report which is distributed to all stockholders electing to receive it and which is available to all stockholders on request, as set forth under the heading Annual Report; reports and other disclosures made periodically to the SEC and Nasdaq; and notices and proxy statements of special and annual meetings of stockholders. It is the policy of the Company to facilitate communications of stockholders and other interested parties with the Board and its various committees. Stockholders may raise matters of concern at the annual meetings of stockholders. In addition, any stockholder or other interested party wishing to communicate with any Director, including the Lead Independent Director, any committee of the Board or the Board as a whole, may do so by submitting such communication in writing and sending it by regular mail to the attention of the appropriate party or to the Board of Directors, Fox Corporation, 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036. This information is also posted on the Company s website at foxcorporation.com . Director Evaluation Policy. The Lead Independent Director and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are responsible for conducting an annual review and evaluation of the Board s conduct and performance through a self-evaluation form that assesses, among other things, Board structure and composition, Board responsibilities, Board meetings and materials and 10 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and management interactions. The review seeks to identify specific areas, if any, in need of improvement or strengthening and culminates in a discussion by the full Board, as well as a separate discussion among the independent Directors, of the results and any actions to be taken. In addition, each standing committee of the Board evaluates its performance annually and reports to the Board on such evaluation. Committees and Meetings of the Board of Directors During fiscal 2025, the Board held a total of four meetings. All of the Directors attended at least 75% of the regularly scheduled and special meetings of the Board that each was eligible to attend and the meetings of the committees on which each served. It is the policy of the Board to hold regular executive sessions of the independent Directors without management present. During fiscal 2025, the independent Directors of the Board met four times without management present. Mr. Carey currently serves as the Lead Independent Director and presides over executive sessions. Directors are encouraged to attend and participate in the Company s annual meetings of stockholders. All of the Directors attended the Company s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, with the exception of Margaret Peggy L. Johnson. The Board has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. These committees are comprised entirely of independent Directors, as required under the rules of the Exchange Act and Nasdaq. Each committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board. These charters are available on the Company s website at foxcorporation.com/corporate-governance/board-committees and are available in print to any stockholder from the Corporate Secretary of the Company. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Hernandez, who serves as Chair, Mr. Carey and Ms. Johnson. The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of: the integrity of the Company s financial statements and the Company s financial reporting processes and systems of internal control; the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of the Company s corporate auditors and corporate audit function; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements involving financial, accounting and internal control matters; investigations into complaints concerning financial matters; the Company s policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including with respect to cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence, and the Company s major financial and other risk exposures and the steps taken to monitor and control them, and it provides guidance to the Board on such matters; the review, approval and ratification of transactions with related parties; and the content and operation of the Company s Ethics and Compliance Program, including the Company s Standards of Business Conduct. The Audit Committee provides an avenue of communication among management, the independent registered public accounting firm, the corporate auditors and the Board. During fiscal 2025, the Audit Committee held six meetings. The Audit Committee s report required by the SEC rules is included in this proxy statement under the heading Report of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee Charter provides that its members shall consist entirely of Directors who the Board determines are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq listing rules. The Board determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the foregoing independence requirements and that each member of the Audit Committee is financially sophisticated in accordance with the Nasdaq listing rules. The Board also determined that Mr. Carey, Mr. Hernandez and Ms. Johnson are audit committee financial experts as defined under the SEC rules. Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee consists of Mr. Burck, who serves as Chair, Mr. Carey, Ms. Johnson and Mr. Ryan. The primary responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are: to review and approve goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, to evaluate the performance of the Chief Executive Officer in light of these goals and objectives and other factors the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, and, based on this review and evaluation, determine the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer; to consider, authorize and oversee the incentive compensation plans in which the Company s executive officers participate and the Company s equity-based plans and recommend changes in such plans to the Board as needed, and to exercise all authority of the Board with respect to the administration of such plans, including the granting of awards under the Company s incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans; to review and approve equity awards and other fixed and performance-based compensation, benefits and terms of employment of the Company s executive officers (as defined by SEC rules) and such other senior executives identified by the Compensation Committee after consultation with the Company s Chief Executive Officer and other members of management; 2025 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE to review and approve employment and severance arrangements and obligations for executive officers, including employment agreements, separation agreements and similar plans or agreements; to review and approve or ratify the principal employment terms for each other employment arrangement (excluding arrangements for talent) where the sum of the base salary, bonus target and long-term incentive target for the contract period is equal to or greater than a threshold amount set by the Compensation Committee; to review and approve other separation obligations that exceed by more than a certain amount set by the Compensation Committee those contractually provided for in an employment agreement approved or ratified by the Compensation Committee as described above; to review the Company s recruitment, retention, compensation, termination and severance policies for senior executives; to review and assist with the development of executive succession plans and to consult with the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers regarding the selection of senior executives; to review at least annually the form and amount of compensation of non-executive Directors for service on the Board and its committees and recommend changes in such compensation to the Board as appropriate; to review the Company s compensation policies and practices applicable to all employees to determine whether they create risk-taking incentives that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse impact on the Company; to consider the results of the most recent stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation matters in evaluating and determining the compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and in establishing and determining compensation of the Company s other named executive officers; in coordination with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, to oversee and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Company s stockholder engagement with respect to compensation and human capital management matters; to assist the Board, as necessary, in reviewing and assessing the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management; to establish and periodically review stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and monitor compliance with ownership guidelines by executive officers and non-executive Directors; to review periodically any hedging and pledging policy applicable to Directors and employees; and to review and approve the creation or revision of any clawback policy allowing the Company to recoup compensation paid to executive officers and to administer, modify and/or terminate any such policy. During fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee held four meetings. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee may delegate its authority to one or more subcommittees, members of the Board, the Chair of the Committee or officers of the Company, to the extent permitted by law, as it deems appropriate and in the best interests of the Company. The Compensation Committee has delegated to Messrs. L.K. Murdoch, Nallen and Tomsic the authority to grant equity awards under the 2019 SAP as applicable, within certain prescribed limits to certain eligible persons, other than Section 16 officers. Any awards made by Messrs. L.K. Murdoch, Nallen and Tomsic pursuant to this authority are reported to the Compensation Committee on an annual basis. Further discussion of the processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of the compensation paid to the named executive officers is found in the section titled Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee has the sole authority to select, retain, oversee, terminate and approve the fees and other retention terms of any compensation consultants, outside legal counsel and any other experts or advisors as the Committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The Board has retained Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. ( FW Cook ) to advise the Board and the Compensation Committee on its named executive officer and non-executive Director compensation practices and framework. FW Cook does not provide any other services to the Company. In February 2025, the Board considered FW Cook s independence as the compensation consultant to the Board and the Compensation Committee by taking into account, among other things, the factors prescribed by the Nasdaq listing rules. Based on its evaluation, the Board determined that no conflict of interest exists. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Ryan, who serves as Chair, and Messrs. Abbott, Burck and Hernandez. The primary responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are: to manage a succession planning process for the Board, its leadership and its committees; to develop, review and recommend to the Board criteria for identifying and evaluating Director candidates; to review the qualifications of Director candidates according to criteria approved by the Board and set forth in the Statement of Corporate Governance; to maintain procedures for the consideration of Director candidates recommended by the Company s stockholders; 12 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE to consider the performance and independence of incumbent Directors in determining whether to nominate them for re-election; to recommend to the Board nominees for election or re-election to the Board at each annual meeting of stockholders or as necessary to fill vacancies and newly created directorships; to advise and make recommendations to the Board on corporate governance matters; to review communications from the Company s stockholders; to oversee the Company s stockholder engagement and make recommendations to the Board regarding its involvement in stockholder engagement; to oversee, review and monitor the Company s efforts on sustainability and corporate social responsibility and related risks, including reporting with respect thereto, and provide guidance to the Board on such matters; to oversee the Company s business practice and corporate value of zero tolerance for sexual harassment, race discrimination and all other forms of discrimination; and to review and oversee compliance with the Company s Political Activities Policy, including the annual Political Activities Report. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also makes recommendations to the Board as to determinations of Director independence and conducts an annual self-evaluation for the Board. During fiscal 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four meetings. 2025 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents CORPORATE CULTURE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Company delivers the finest in news, sports and entertainment content. We do this by serving all of our stakeholders, from our viewers and creative partners to our employees, distributors and advertisers, in a principled, transparent, respectful and fair manner. We are rooted by lessons learned and legacies built over decades through the energy and ingenuity of many colleagues and leaders. We have defied conventional wisdom and delivered enduring stories and experiences that capture the hearts and minds of audiences. We undertake our role as a source of news, information, analysis and entertainment as both a responsibility and a privilege. We are purveyors of First Amendment activities and defenders of the U.S. Constitution and its rule of law. Our company will remain steadfast and focused on those core values in building a culture of trust, integrity and ethical behavior. FOX is uncompromisingly committed to being neutral arbiters of timely news, and we consider journalistic independence and editorial integrity to be sacrosanct. Through our opinion programming, we contribute to the marketplace of ideas by providing our audiences with engaging content about virtually everything people care about from politics to sports, business to health, weather and natural disasters to uplifting stories of courage, hope and humanity. The Company has adopted and published on our website the Standards of Business Conduct and key policies that further integrity and ethics, including our Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy, our Insider Trading and Confidentiality Policy, our Supplier and Subcontractor Standards titled Doing Business with FOX, our Human Rights Statement, our Political Activities Policy and our Global Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Policy. We approach corporate social responsibility as another way to create value value by investing in our people, our reputation and our brands; value to our colleagues, neighbors and communities; and value in knowing our actions help others and in seeing the impact of our philanthropy. Our most recent Corporate Social Responsibility Report, which provides an overview of our approach to corporate giving and our environmental, social and governance activities during fiscal 2025, and our most recent Employment Information Report (EEO-1) Report are available at foxcorporation.com . 14 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Subject to stockholder ratification, the Audit Committee has selected Ernst Young LLP ( EY ) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm to audit the books and accounts of the Company for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. EY has audited the books and records of the Company since the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. A representative of EY is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions and will be given the opportunity to make a statement if the representative desires to do so. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the proposal to ratify Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has appointed EY to perform audit and other permissible non-audit services for the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company has formal procedures in place for the pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all services provided by EY. These pre-approval procedures are described below under Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures. The description of the fees for professional services rendered to the Company and its subsidiaries by EY for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024 is set forth below. Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 11,731,000 $ 12,327,000 Audit-Related Fees (2) $ 302,000 $ 455,000 Tax Fees (3) $ 233,000 $ 653,000 All Other Fees $ $ Total Fees $ 12,266,000 $ 13,435,000 (1) Audit fees include: fees rendered in connection with the annual audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024; the audit of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024 (as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act )); reviews of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in the Company s regulatory filings; statutory and separate subsidiary audits; and other services normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. (2) Audit-related fees principally relate to employee benefit plan audits and due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions. (3) Tax fees include fees for various tax consultations. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee has established policies and procedures under which all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s policy provides for pre-approval of audit, audit-related, tax and certain other services specifically described by the Audit Committee on an annual basis. In addition, individual engagements anticipated to exceed pre-established thresholds, as well as certain other services, must be separately approved. The policy also provides that the Audit Committee can delegate pre-approval authority to any member of the Audit Committee provided that the decision to pre-approve is communicated to the full Audit Committee at its next meeting. The Audit Committee has delegated this responsibility to the Chair of the Audit Committee. Management has also implemented internal procedures to ensure compliance with this policy. As required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, all audit and non-audit services provided in the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024 have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with these policies and procedures. The Audit Committee also reviewed the non-audit services provided by EY during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024 and determined that the provision of such non-audit services was compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence. 2025 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The following Report of the Audit Committee shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be file d with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference in any document so filed. In accordance with its written charter, the Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of: the integrity of the Company s financial statements and the Company s financial reporting processes and systems of internal control; the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of the Company s corporate auditors and corporate audit function; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements involving financial, accounting and internal control matters; investigations into complaints concerning financial matters; the Company s policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including with respect to cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence, and oversight of the Company s major financial and other risk exposures and the steps taken to monitor and control them, and provides guidance to the Board on such matters; the review, approval and ratification of transactions with related parties; and the content and operation of the Company s Ethics and Compliance Program, including the Company s Standards of Business Conduct. The Audit Committee provides an avenue of communication among management, the independent registered public accounting firm, the corporate auditors and the Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the preparation of the Company s financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal control over financial reporting. The independent registered public accounting firm has the responsibility for the audit of those financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm, including review of their qualifications, independence and performance and their compensation. A discussion of the Audit Committee s composition is included in this proxy statement in the section titled Committees and Meetings of the Board of Directors. In discharging its oversight responsibility as to the audit process, the Audit Committee (i) obtained from the independent registered public accounting firm a report describing all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and the Company that might bear on the independent registered public accounting firm s independence and affirming its independence consistent with applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, (ii) discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm, which documented the discussion, any relationships that may impact the firm s objectivity and independence, and (iii) considered whether the non-audit services provided to the Company by EY are compatible with maintaining the accountants independence. The Audit Committee reviewed with both the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors their identification of audit risks, audit plans and audit scope. The Audit Committee discussed with management, the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors the corporate audit function s organization, responsibilities, budget and staffing. The Audit Committee also discussed and reviewed with the independent registered public accounting firm all communications required by generally accepted auditing standards, including those described in Auditing Standards No. 1301, Communication with Audit Committees, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Audit Committee met with the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors, both with management present and separately with each in private sessions without management present, to discuss and review the results of the independent registered public accounting firm s audit of the financial statements, including the independent registered public accounting firm s evaluation of the accounting principles, practices and judgments applied by management, the results of the corporate audit activities and the quality and adequacy of the Company s internal controls. The Audit Committee discussed the interim financial information contained in each of the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and quarterly earnings announcements with Company management and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee also reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company as of and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee met with members of management, the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors to review the fiscal 2025 certifications provided by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules and regulations of the SEC and the overall certification process. At these meetings, management reviewed with the Audit Committee each of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act certification requirements including whether there were any (i) significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information, and (ii) 16 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE f raud, whether or not material, involving management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee also reviewed any anonymous complaints received through the Alertline reporting system to assist the Audit Committee in administering the anonymous complaint procedures outlined in the Company s Standards of Business Conduct. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act required the Audit Committee to establish procedures for the confidential submission of employee concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. Based on the above-mentioned review and discussions with management, the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Company s audited financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee annually reviews the independent registered public accounting firm s independence and performance in connection with the Audit Committee s determination of whether to retain EY or engage another firm. In the course of these reviews, the Audit Committee considers, among other things, such factors as: EY s historical and recent performance on the Company s audit; an analysis of EY s known legal risks and significant proceedings; external data relating to audit quality and performance, including recent Public Company Accounting Oversight Board reports on EY; the appropriateness of EY s fees for audit and non-audit services (for additional information on fees paid to EY please see Proposal No. 2, Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ); EY s tenure as our independent registered public accounting firm, and its familiarity with our operations and businesses, accounting policies and practices and internal control over financial reporting (EY has audited the books and records of the Company since the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018); EY s industry expertise; EY s independence; and the impact to the Company of changing auditors. In accordance with the SEC rules and EY s policies, audit partners are subject to rotation requirements to limit the number of consecutive years an individual partner may provide service to our Company. For lead partners, the maximum number of consecutive years of service in that capacity is five years. The process for selection of the Company s lead partner pursuant to this rotation policy involves meetings between the Chair and members of the Audit Committee and the candidate for the role, as well as a discussion by the full Audit Committee and with management. Based on the above-mentioned review, the Audit Committee believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to retain EY to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm. Accordingly, the Audit Committee also recommended the reappointment, subject to stockholder ratification, of EY as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, and the Board concurred in such recommendation. THE AUDIT COMMITTEE: Roland A. Hernandez (Chair) Chase Carey Margaret Peggy L. Johnson 2025 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS Policy for Evaluating Related Person Transactions The Audit Committee has established a policy (the RPT Policy ) for the review, approval or ratification of related person transactions (as defined in the RPT Policy). Pursuant to the RPT Policy, the Audit Committee approves, ratifies or disapproves, as appropriate, transactions, arrangements or relationships in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a participant, the aggregate amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a Director, Director emeritus, Director nominee, executive officer, 5% holder of the Company s voting securities or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing has a direct or indirect material interest. A related person transaction does not include a transaction where a related person has an indirect interest solely as a result of being (a) a Director or, together with all other related persons, a less than 10% beneficial owner of an equity interest in another entity, or both, or (b) a limited partner in a partnership in which the related person, together with all other related persons, has an interest of less than 10%. All of the transactions described in this section are reviewed and approved or ratified by the Audit Committee or another authorized committee consisting solely of independent directors in accordance with the RPT Policy. Arrangements between the Company and Directors or Director-Related Persons or Entities Directors of the Company, and/or their related persons, from time to time may conduct transactions with the Company and/or its subsidiaries that occur within an ordinary course employee, customer or supplier relationship. These transactions are on terms and conditions that are believed to be no more favorable than those which the Company reasonably expects to occur in the ordinary course of business. Such transactions are subject to the Audit Committee s procedures as described above. As previously disclosed, in September 2025, certain trusts established for the benefit of certain beneficiaries of the Murdoch Family Trust (which Murdoch Family Trust held an aggregate of approximately 43.4% of the outstanding Class B Common Stock prior to the offering) completed the offering and sale of approximately 16.8 million shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to a shelf registration statement, generating total gross proceeds of approximately $900 million to the selling stockholders. Additionally, pursuant to the stockholders agreement entered into on September 8, 2025, by and among the Company, trusts established for the benefit of each of Lachlan K. Murdoch, Grace Murdoch and Chloe Murdoch and his or her respective descendants and charitable organizations (collectively, the LGC Family Trusts ) and LGC Holdco, LLC ( LGC Holdco ), which continues to hold approximately 36.2% of the Class B Common Stock subsequent to the offering described above, the Company paid fees and expenses incurred by the LGC Family Trusts and LGC Holdco related to certain filings under the Hart-Scott Rodino Act (HSR) in the aggregate amount of approximately $870,000. 18 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION As required pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the Company provides our stockholders the opportunity to vote, on an advisory, nonbinding basis, on whether to approve named executive officer compensation. As described in detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Compensation Committee seeks to closely align the interests of our named executive officers with the interests of the Company s stockholders. The Company s executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and motivate top executive talent, and support both short-term and long-term value creation for stockholders. The Board recommends that stockholders indicate their support for the Company s compensation of its named executive officers. The vote on this resolution, commonly known as a say on pay resolution, is not intended to address any specific element of compensation but rather the overall named executive officer compensation program as described in this proxy statement. Although this vote is advisory and not binding on the Company or the Board, the Compensation Committee, which is responsible for developing and administering the Company s executive compensation philosophy and program, will consider the results as part of its ongoing review of the Company s executive compensation program. Accordingly, we ask our stockholders to vote on the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the Company s stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in the Company s proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 Summary Compensation Table and the other related tables and disclosure. The Board unanimously recommends an advisory vote FOR the approval of the compensation of our named executive officers. 2025 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Named Executive Officers The Board and the Compensation Committee believe FOX is best served by relying on a lean group of senior executives who each have significant cross-functional responsibilities and are charged with performing multiple roles. To that end, the Board and the Compensation Committee have retained an accomplished group of senior executives to manage the growth of one of the country s leading news, sports and entertainment companies in a fast-changing competitive environment. Our named executive officers bring unique leadership talent, knowledge and breadth of expertise to the Company. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis, together with the tables and accompanying descriptions that follow, provides a comprehensive explanation of our compensation design principles and the compensation awarded to or earned by the individuals listed below, who are our named executive officers for fiscal 2025: Mr. L.K. Murdoch, the Company s Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, was a 21CF director for 25 years and had served 21CF in a number of executive roles from 1994 to 2005, as well as Executive Chairman since 2015 and Co-Chairman from 2014 to 2015. In addition, he has led a number of international and domestic media companies. With his wealth of knowledge regarding the Company s operations and the media industry, Mr. L.K. Murdoch supervises all strategic, operational and corporate decisions and oversees the Company s portfolio of news, sports and entertainment assets in addition to leading our Board. Mr. Nallen, the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer, has been employed by the Company and its predecessors for over 30 years. He previously served as 21CF s Chief Financial Officer for six years and as an Executive Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of 21CF for 12 years, overseeing various functional areas, including corporate finance, tax, internal audit, and planning and analysis. He currently oversees the Company s finance, strategy, business development, distribution, real estate and human capital functions. Mr. Tomsic, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, has been employed by the Company and its predecessors for over 20 years. He previously served as Deputy Chief Financial Officer of 21CF for two years. He currently oversees all of our corporate and operational finance activities, including capital markets and merger and acquisition transactions, treasury, risk management, tax, financial planning and analysis, accounting and external reporting. Mr. Ciongoli, the Company s Chief Legal and Policy Officer, has been employed by the Company since 2023. He previously served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Sustainability, Corporate Responsibility and Governance Officer at Campbell Soup Company where he was also a member of the Operating Committee. He currently oversees all legal, compliance, and regulatory matters and directs government affairs. Consistent with our philosophy of a leanly-staffed executive team, our four named executive officers for fiscal 2025 are also all of the executive officers of the Company. Compensation Design Principles The Compensation Committee evaluates the compensation program for our named executive officers with the aim of (a) creating a holistic program to align the interests of our named executive officers with those of our stockholders, (b) maintaining the Company s competitive position as a best-in-class employer and (c) encouraging retention of key talent who are uniquely positioned to drive performance and deliver results for our key stakeholders. In light of these goals, the Compensation Committee designs a compensation program for our named executive officers in accordance with the following principles: Drive performance without encouraging unnecessary or excessive risk-taking A major portion of target compensation of our named executive officers is variable and performance-based. Our compensation program features a balanced combination of annual and long-term elements along with fixed and performance-based components. We cap payouts for annual and long-term performance-based incentives and incorporate risk mitigation features into our compensation program. Ensure policies and practices support long-term value creation for stockholders The majority of our named executive officers annual pay is at risk and tied to financial, strategic, and share price-related goals, as well as shareholder return. Long-term performance-based incentives awarded to our named executive officers are based on challenging three-year performance objectives. We maintain robust stock ownership guidelines for named executive officers and non-executive Directors. We regularly review stock utilization and overhang. 20 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Structure packages to attract, retain and motivate top executive talent We compete to recruit and retain executives against a relatively small number of large, complex, diversified and publicly traded broadcasting, cable and satellite, and entertainment companies. The extensive tenure and diverse skill set of our named executive officers makes them uniquely susceptible to outreach from competitors both within our industry and adjacent to it. Our goal is to provide compensation packages that are competitive with prevailing practices in our industry. Follow compensation best practices We closely link pay to performance. We use diversified performance metrics and set rigorous short- and long-term goals for our named executive officers. We maintain a clawback policy covering performance-based compensation that goes beyond the SEC rules and Nasdaq listing standards. Prohibit activities inconsistent with stockholder interests We do not provide any single trigger change in control severance benefits. We do not pay excise tax gross-ups associated with change in control benefits. We do not pay dividends on unvested equity awards. We prohibit all of our Directors and employees, including our named executive officers, from engaging in short sales of FOX securities and investing in FOX-based derivative securities. We prohibit all of our Directors and employees, including our named executive officers, from pledging any FOX securities they hold directly, hedging any FOX securities they hold directly or indirectly, or hedging or pledging equity compensation. In adherence to these compensation design principles, the significant majority of fiscal 2025 compensation for our named executive officers is at risk, as follows: Average of the Named Executive Officers as a Group Percentage of Target Direct Compensation At Risk? Rationale Base Salary 19% No Attract and retain quality executive talent Annual Incentive 32% Yes Motivate achievement of pre-specified annual goals Performance-based Stock Units 12% Yes Drive the achievement of: (1) long-term (three-year) operational, strategic goals that promotes the creation of sustainable stockholder value, and (2) relative stockholder return Performance Stock Options 12% Yes Incentivize sustained share price growth by having the award vest only if FOX s stock price achieves pre-specified goals within three years of grant; the value of the award increases in line with incremental stockholder value creation Restricted Stock Units 25% Yes Support retention and the alignment of interests with long-term stockholders Total Direct Compensation 100% 81% 81% of our named executive officers Total Direct Compensation is at risk, and 85% of our CEO s Total Direct Compensation is at risk, meaning that realizable pay is conditioned on the achievement of short-and long-term goals The table above represents target amounts approved by the Compensation Committee for fiscal 2025 for our named executive officers. The aggregate cost of our fiscal 2025 target total direct compensation for our named executive officers is significantly below the median of our Peer Group (as defined below), which the Compensation Committee believes appropriately balances our need to engage an elite group of executives and our need to provide value to our stockholders. For further information, please see Use of Information on Peer Companies and Industry Trends below. 2025 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Fiscal 2025 Business and Management Review FOX once again delivered strong operational and financial results in fiscal 2025, including record annual revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow. The Company focuses on producing and distributing quality news, sports and entertainment content that engages and informs audiences and deepens consumer relationships through its iconic brands, including FOX News Media, FOX Sports, Tubi Media Group, FOX Entertainment and FOX Television Stations. FOX also continued to focus on its long-term growth in fiscal 2025, investing in organic initiatives, while delivering meaningful returns of capital to stockholders. During the fiscal year, FOX continued to reach and, in some cases, exceed its strategic goals, all pursuant to its fundamental priorities of delivering quality live and on-demand programming to large and engaged audiences, securing value for its market-leading brands and content and positioning itself for long-term growth. Fiscal 2025 highlights include: FOX News finished fiscal 2025 as the #1 cable network in Monday to Friday primetime and total day viewing among total viewers for the tenth consecutive year. For the fiscal year, FOX News delivered primetime total viewership that exceeded the combined viewership of other cable news channels, delivered ratings that were comparable to ratings delivered by the four broadcast networks in weekday primetime viewing, and was the #1 rated news network among all major political parties among adults 25-54. FOX Business finished as the most-watched business network among total business day viewers during fiscal 2025. Additionally, FOX News Media continued to enhance its digital footprint through the FOX Nation subscription video-on-demand ( SVOD ) service, which grew subscribers by over 34% compared to the prior year, and the FOX Weather free advertising-supported streaming television ( FAST ) service, which doubled its total view time (the total number of hours watched) compared to the prior year. FOX News Digital remained the most-engaged brand in digital news, leading in total views, minutes spent and social interactions in fiscal 2025. FOX Sports was the industry leader in live events during the fiscal year with over 250 billion minutes of live sports event viewing on the FOX Network. During the fiscal year, the NFL regular season on FOX averaged over 18 million viewers, while the three NFC postseason games on FOX averaged over 38 million viewers, and Super Bowl LIX averaged nearly 128 million viewers across all platforms, making it the most-watched telecast in U.S. history. FOX s America s Game of the Week ranked as the #2 program on television among total viewers. The 2024 World Series on FOX averaged over 15 million viewers, the most watched World Series in seven years. In college football, the Michigan versus Ohio State game continues to stand as FOX s most-watched regular season college football game. FOX s inaugural broadcast of the Indy 500 drew over 7 million viewers, the highest for the race in 17 years. FOX s Summer of Soccer featuring UEFA EURO 2024 and CONMEBOL Copa Am rica 2024 was the most watched in U.S. English language TV history. Additionally, FOX aired the most-watched regular season women s college basketball game on any network in the 2024-2025 season. In fiscal 2025, Tubi delivered record revenues, which grew 29% compared to the prior fiscal year and exceeded $1 billion for the first time. Total view time reached approximately 11 billion hours over the course of fiscal 2025, a record and an increase of