=== LRCX_2025-09-24.htm.gz ===
Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents September 24, 2025 Dear Lam Research Stockholders, We cordially invite you to attend the Lam Research Corporation 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The annual meeting will be held on Tuesday, November 4, 2025, at 9:30 a.m. Pacific Time. This year s annual meeting will be virtual. You may attend the annual meeting, vote, and submit your questions during the live webcast of the annual meeting by visiting virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LRCX2025 and entering the 16-digit control number included in our Notice of Internet Availability or on your proxy card. At this year s annual meeting, stockholders will be asked to: (1) elect the eleven nominees named in the attached proxy statement as directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders, and until their respective successors are elected and qualified; (2) cast an advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation ( Say on Pay ); (3) approve the adoption of the Lam 2025 Stock Incentive Plan; (4) ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026; (5) approve an amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to limit the liability of certain officers as permitted by Delaware law; and (6) vote on the stockholder proposal described in this proxy statement, if properly presented at the annual meeting. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote in favor of each director nominee and for each of proposals 2, 3, 4 and 5. In addition, stockholders will also be asked to consider proposal No. 6, if presented properly, which is a stockholder proposal, and which the Board of Directors recommends that you vote against. Management will not provide a business update during the annual meeting; please refer to our latest quarterly earnings report for our most recently-provided outlook. Please refer to the proxy statement for detailed information about the annual meeting, each director nominee, and each of the proposals, as well as voting instructions. Your vote is important, and we strongly urge you to cast your vote as soon as possible by internet, telephone, or mail, even if you plan to attend the meeting. Sincerely yours, Abhijit Y. Talwalkar Chair of the Board Table of Contents Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 4650 Cushing Parkway Fremont, California Telephone: 510-572-0200 Meeting Information Category Details Date and Time Tuesday, November 4, 2025 9:30 a.m. Pacific Time Place Via the Internet at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ LRCX2025 Record Date Only stockholders of record at the close of business on September 5, 2025, the Record Date, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting. Proxy and Annual Report Materials IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD NOVEMBER 4, 2025 Our notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, proxy statement, and annual report to stockholders are available on the Lam Research website at investor.lamresearch.com . Elect Electronic Delivery Save Time, Money, Trees As part of our efforts to be an environmentally responsible corporate citizen, we encourage Lam stockholders to voluntarily elect to receive future proxy and annual report materials electronically. If you are a registered stockholder, please visit enroll.icsdelivery.com/lrcx for simple instructions. If you are a stockholder who owns stock through a broker or brokerage account, please opt for e-delivery at enroll.icsdelivery.com/lrcx or by contacting your nominee. Date of Distribution This notice, proxy statement and proxy card are first being made available and/or mailed to our stockholders on or about September 24, 2025. Items of Business # Proposal Our Board s Recommendation 1. Election of 11 directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders, and until their respective successors are elected and qualified FOR each Director Nominee 2. Advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation FOR 3. Approval of the adoption of the Lam 2025 Stock Incentive Plan FOR 4. Ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR 5. Approval of an amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to limit the liability of certain officers as permitted by Delaware law FOR 6. Stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the meeting AGAINST Transaction of such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof) Voting Please vote as soon as possible, even if you plan to attend the annual meeting, on all of the voting matters. You have three options for submitting your vote before the annual meeting: By internet By phone By mail The proxy statement and the accompanying proxy card provide detailed voting instructions. IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU VOTE to play a part in the future of the Company. Please carefully review the proxy materials for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. By Order of the Board of Directors, Ava A. Harter Secretary Table of Contents Lam Research Corporation Proxy Statement for 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary 1 About Lam Research Corporation 1 Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Highlights 2 Proposals and Voting Recommendations 2 Summary Information Regarding Director Nominees 3 Director Nominee Composition Highlights 4 Director Nominee Key Qualifications, Skills, and Experiences 4 Corporate Governance Highlights 6 Executive Compensation Highlights 7 Environmental, Social and Governance Highlights 8 2025 Stock Incentive Plan Highlights 10 Stock Ownership 11 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 11 Governance Matters 13 Corporate Governance 13 Corporate Governance Policies 13 Our Approach to Ensuring Board Effectiveness 13 Board Nomination Policies and Procedures 15 Director Independence Policies 16 Leadership Structure of the Board 16 Other Governance Practices 17 Meeting Attendance 17 Board Committees 18 Board s Role and Engagement 19 Stockholder Engagement 22 Culture and Human Capital Management 23 Environmental, Social, and Governance 24 Director Compensation 26 Compensation Matters 29 Executive Compensation and Other Information 29 Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( see Table of Contents on page 29 ) 29 Compensation Committee Report 54 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 54 Executive Compensation Tables 55 CEO Pay Ratio 64 Pay Versus Performance 65 Audit Matters 70 Audit Committee Report 70 Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 71 Annual Evaluation and Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 71 Change in Independent Registered Accounting Firm 71 Fees Billed by Ernst Young LLP 72 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 72 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 72 Voting Proposals 73 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 73 2025 Nominees for Director 74 Proposal No. 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Our Named Executive Officer Compensation 85 Proposal No. 3: Approval of the Adoption of the Lam 2025 Stock Incentive Plan 86 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 93 Proposal No. 4: Ratification of the Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2026 94 Proposal No. 5: Approval of an Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Limit the Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Delaware Law 95 Proposal No. 6: Stockholder Proposal 97 Other Voting Matters 100 Voting and Meeting Information 101 Information Concerning Solicitation and Voting 101 Other Meeting Information 103 Appendices A-1 Appendix A - Lam 2025 Stock Incentive Plan A-1 Appendix B - Information Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures B-1 Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be acted upon at the annual meeting, we call your attention to the following summarized information about the Company, the proposals and voting recommendations, the Company s director nominees, director nominee composition highlights, highlights of the directors key qualifications, skills and experiences, corporate governance, executive compensation, environmental, social, and governance (or ESG ) matters, and the Lam 2025 Stock Incentive Plan. For more information about these topics, please review the complete proxy statement before voting. We also encourage you to read our latest annual report on Form 10-K, which is available at investor.lamresearch.com , and our latest Global Impact report, which is available at lamresearch.com/company/environmental-social-and-governance/. The content of any website or report referred to in this proxy statement is not a part of nor incorporated by reference in this proxy statement unless expressly noted. The Global Impact report shall not be deemed soliciting material. We use the terms Lam Research, Lam, the Company, we, our, and us in this proxy statement to refer to Lam Research Corporation, a Delaware corporation. We also use the term Board to refer to the Company s Board of Directors. On October 2, 2024, the Company effected a ten-for-one stock split of its common stock and a proportional increase in the number of authorized shares. All references made to share or per share amounts throughout this proxy statement have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any statements that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our environmental, social and governance plans and goals. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed, including the risks and uncertainties described in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including specifically the Risk Factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. About Lam Research Corporation Lam Research is a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry. We have built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas such as nanoscale manufacturing enablement, chemistry, plasma and fluidics, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our products and services are designed to help our customers build smaller and better performing devices that are used in a variety of electronic products, including mobile phones, personal computers, cloud and enterprise servers, wearables, automotive vehicles, and data storage devices. Our customer base includes leading semiconductor memory, foundry, and integrated device manufacturers that make products such as non-volatile memory, dynamic random-access memory ( DRAM ), and logic devices. Their continued success is part of our commitment to driving semiconductor breakthroughs that define the next generation. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control, enabling results on the wafer. Semiconductor manufacturing, our customers business, involves the fabrication of multiple dies or integrated circuits on a wafer. This involves the repetition of a set of core processes and can require hundreds of individual steps. Fabricating these devices requires a sequence of highly sophisticated process technologies to integrate an increasing array of new materials with precise control at the atomic scale. Along with meeting technical requirements, wafer processing equipment must deliver high productivity and be cost-effective. Demand from cloud computing, artificial intelligence ( AI ), 5G, the Internet of Things, and other markets is driving the need for increasingly powerful and cost-efficient semiconductors. At the same time, there are growing technical challenges with traditional two-dimensional scaling. These trends are driving significant inflections in semiconductor manufacturing, such as the increasing importance of vertical scaling strategies like three-dimensional architecture as well as multiple patterning to enable shrinks. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and expertise in deposition, etch, and clean markets to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; our collaborative focus with semi-ecosystem partners, including our close-to-customer focus; our ability to identify and invest in the breadth of our product portfolio to meet technology inflections; and our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam s solutions to our customers. Figure 1. Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Highlights (1) Figures for capital returned to stockholders and amounts repurchased include brokerage fees and commissions and excise taxes. Figure 2. Proposals and Voting Recommendations Voting Matters Board Vote Recommendation Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors FOR each nominee Proposal No. 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Our Named Executive Officer Compensation FOR Proposal No. 3: Approval of the Adoption of the Lam 2025 Stock Incentive Plan FOR Proposal No. 4: Ratification of the Appointment of KPMG LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2026 FOR Proposal No. 5: Approval of an Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Limit the Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Delaware Law FOR Proposal No. 6: Stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the annual meeting AGAINST Transaction of such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof) 2 Table of Contents Figure 3. Summary Information Regarding Director Nominees You are being asked to vote on the election of these 11 directors. The following table provides summary information about each director nominee as of September 5, 2025. Information about the characteristics of the director nominees is shown in Figure 4, information about their key qualifications, skills and experiences is shown in Figure 5, and their biographical information is contained in the Voting Proposals Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 2025 Nominees for Director section beginning on page 74 . Director Committee Membership Name Age Since Independent (1) AC CHC NGC ITC Other Current Public Boards Sohail U. Ahmed 67 2019 Yes M Timothy M. Archer 58 2018 No Johnson Controls Eric K. Brandt 63 2010 Yes C/FE M Gen Digital, Nutanix, Option Care Health Ita M. Brennan 58 2024 Yes M/FE Cadence Design Systems, Planet Labs Michael R. Cannon 72 2011 Yes * M C Seagate Technology John M. Dineen 62 2023 Yes M Cognizant Technology Solutions Mark Fields 64 2024 Yes * M Hertz Global, QUALCOMM Ho Kyu Kang 63 2023 Yes C Bethany J. Mayer 63 2019 Yes M/FE M M Astera Labs, Box, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Jyoti K. Mehra 49 2021 Yes C Abhijit Y. Talwalkar 61 2011 Yes (Chair) M M M Advanced Micro Devices, iRhythm Technologies, TE Connectivity (1) Independence determined in accordance with Nasdaq rules. AC Audit committee CHC Compensation and human resources committee NGC Nominating and governance committee ITC Innovation and technology committee C Chair M Member FE Audit committee financial expert (as determined based on SEC rules) * Qualifies as an audit committee financial expert (as determined by SEC rules) Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Figure 4. Director Nominee Composition Highlights Our nominating and governance committee is responsible for assessing the appropriate balance of experience, skills, and characteristics required for the Board. For more information about our Board s approach to refreshment, please refer to the section titled Governance Matters Corporate Governance Our Approach to Ensuring Board Effectiveness beginning on page 13 below. Figure 5. Director Nominee Key Qualifications, Skills, and Experiences The table below summarizes the key qualifications, skills, and experiences of our nominees. Not having a mark does not mean the director nominee does not possess that qualification, skill, or experience. The director biographies contained in the Voting Proposals Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 2025 Nominees for Director section below describe each director nominee s background and relevant experience in more detail, and identify those qualifications, skills, and experiences considered most relevant to the decision to nominate candidates to serve on our Board. Key Qualifications, Skills, Experiences of Director Nominees Sohail U. Ahmed Timothy M. Archer Eric K. Brandt Ita M. Brennan Michael R. Cannon John M. Dineen Mark Fields Ho Kyu Kang Bethany J. Mayer Jyoti K. Mehra Abhijit Y. Talwalkar Industry Knowledge Knowledge of and experience with semiconductor and broader technology industries and markets provides our Board members with a deeper understanding of our products and services, the market sectors in which we and our customers compete, and the broader technology end markets that drive demand in our industry. Customer/Deep Technology Knowledge Directors who possess deep knowledge and understanding of semiconductor processing equipment technologies assist our Board in overseeing our business and strategies and enhance the Board s understanding of our customers markets and needs. Marketing, Disruptive Technology, and Strategy Experience Directors with extensive knowledge and experience in business-to-business marketing and sales, and services and/or business development, or experience identifying and developing disruptive technologies and leading corporate strategy, provide value to the Board by offering critical insights and expertise on identifying and understanding new markets, expanding market share, and communicating with customers, particularly where such experience is in a capital equipment industry, and also provide the Board with critical guidance needed to progress in our innovation goals and drive semiconductor breakthroughs. Leadership Experience Current or former experience in an executive-level leadership position at a significant business allows our directors to provide the Board with important perspectives and knowledge regarding business strategy, operations, corporate culture, succession planning, and management and leadership best practices. (table continues on next page) 4 Table of Contents Key Qualifications, Skills, Experiences of Director Nominees Sohail U. Ahmed Timothy M. Archer Eric K. Brandt Ita M. Brennan Michael R. Cannon John M. Dineen Mark Fields Ho Kyu Kang Bethany J. Mayer Jyoti K. Mehra Abhijit Y. Talwalkar Finance Experience Directors with profit and loss ( P L ) and financing experience as an executive responsible for financial results of a breadth and level of complexity comparable to the Company help our Board oversee the Company s financial planning, operations, investment strategies, capital allocation, and financial reporting. Global Business Experience Experience as a current or former business executive of a business with substantial global operations provides our Board with unique insights on managing an international business, global scale expansion, and understanding cultural norms. Mergers and Acquisitions ( M A ) Experience Directors with M A and integration experience (including buy- and sell-side and hostile M A experience) as a public company director or officer provide our Board with key background and insights in assisting management with reviewing strategic alternatives, analyzing potential targets, post-deal integration, and oversight of transactions. Comparative Board/Governance Experience Recent or current experience as a director of another public company or significant involvement with the corporate governance requirements and practices of a public company board while serving in a senior leadership position at another public company, provides our Board with an understanding of the board s role in essential matters, including oversight of strategy, operations, risk, compliance and succession planning, effective interactions with significant stockholders, and the proper dynamics between the board and senior management. Cybersecurity Experience An understanding of and/or experience overseeing corporate cybersecurity or information security programs and a history of participation in relevant cyber education, is an increasingly important background for our directors to possess and provides our Board with valuable knowledge in overseeing and navigating cybersecurity threats. Human Capital Management Experience Experience serving as a member of the compensation committee of a public company, head of human resources, or as direct manager of the head of human resources, or other experience in setting talent management policies in large organizations, aids our Board in overseeing the management of human capital, including culture, engagement, recruiting, retention, compensation, and succession planning. Risk Management Experience Directors with experience serving as a member of the audit committee of a public company, or directly overseeing enterprise risk management or business continuity planning in a large organization, or other experience in managing risk at the enterprise level or in a senior compliance or regulatory role assist our Board in understanding how to effectively evaluate and oversee the management and reporting of enterprise risks. Manufacturing/Operations Experience Directors with relevant experience in manufacturing and operations processes or management experience in operations at a company comparable to Lam serve as a valuable asset to our Board and have deeper knowledge of our business, products, services, and customers. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Figure 6. Corporate Governance Highlights Board and Other Governance Information As of September 2025 Size of Board as Nominated 11 Number of Independent Nominated Directors 10 Number of Nominated Directors Who Attended 75% of Meetings 11 Number of Nominated Directors on More Than Four Public Company Boards 0 Number of Nominated Non-Employee Executive Officer Directors Who Are on More Than Two Public Company Boards 0 Limitations on Director Commitments, Including Other Board and Committee Memberships and Leadership, With Commitments Evaluated Annually (Page 17 ) Yes Directors Subject to Stock Ownership Guidelines (Page 17 ) Yes Hedging and Pledging Prohibited (Page 13 ) Yes Annual Election of Directors (Page 73 ) Yes Voting Standard (Page 102 ) Majority Plurality Voting Carveout for Contested Elections Yes Separate Chair and CEO Yes Independent Board Chair (Page 16 ) Yes Independent Directors Meet Without Management Present (Page 16 ) Yes Annual Board (Including Individual Director) and Committee Self-Evaluations (Page 14 ) Yes Annual Independent Director Evaluation of CEO (Page 19 ) Yes Risk Oversight by Full Board and Committees (Page 20 ) Yes Board Refreshment (Page 14 ) Yes Robust Director Nomination Process (Page 15 ) Yes Significant Board Engagement (Page 19 ) Yes Board Orientation/Education Program (Page 15 ) Yes Code of Ethics Applicable to Directors (Page 13 ) Yes Stockholder Proxy Access (Pages 15 , 103 ) Yes Stockholder Ability to Act by Written Consent Yes Stockholder Right to Call a Special Meeting Yes Stockholder Engagement Program (Page 22 ) Yes Poison Pill No Board Oversight of Environmental, Social and Governance (Including Climate), Human Capital, Information Security Political Activities (Page 19 ) Yes Publication of Annual Global Impact Report aligned with GRI, SASB, and TCFD (1) standards (Pages 8 , 24 ) Yes (1) GRI refers to the Global Reporting Initiative, SASB refers to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, and TCFD refers to the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. 6 Table of Contents Figure 7. Executive Compensation Highlights What We Do Pay for Performance (Pages 30 - 32 , 65 ) Our executive compensation program is designed to pay for performance; over 90% of the annual incentive program is tied to company financial, strategic, and operational performance metrics; the long-term incentive program uses a combination of market-based performance restricted stock units ( Market-based PRSUs ) with performance based on relative total shareholder return ( TSR ), and service-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ). Three-Year Performance Period for Our Long-Term Incentive Program (Pages 35 , 48 ) Our current long-term incentive program is designed to pay for performance over a period of three years. Absolute and Relative Performance Metrics (Pages 33 , 36 , 42 , 46 ) Our annual and long-term incentive programs for executive officers include the use of absolute and relative performance factors. Balance of Annual and Long-Term Incentives Our incentive programs provide a balance of annual and long-term incentives. Different Performance Metrics for Annual and Long-Term Incentive Programs (Pages 33 , 35 , 42 , 46 ) Our annual and long-term incentive programs use different performance metrics. Capped Amounts (Pages 33 , 34 ) Amounts that can be earned under the annual and long-term incentive programs are capped. Beginning with our 2025/2027 long-term incentive program, the maximum payout is capped at 100% of target if our absolute TSR is negative. Compensation Recovery/Clawback Policy (Page 52 ) We have a clawback policy, approved in 2023, which applies to the Company s current and former executive officers covered by Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), pursuant to which we must recoup, on a pre-tax basis, the excess amount of incentive-based compensation granted, earned, or vested wholly or in part on the attainment of any financial reporting measure during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare a restatement. The policy applies regardless of fault, fraud, or misconduct and supersedes our prior clawback policy, with respect to any and all incentive-based compensation that was received on or after October 2, 2023. Prohibit Option Repricing Our stock incentive plans prohibit option repricing without stockholder approval. Stock Ownership Guidelines (Page 52 ) We have stock ownership guidelines for each of our executive officers and certain other senior executives; each of our named executive officers as set forth in Figure 19 has met their individual ownership level under the current program or has a period of time remaining under the guidelines to do so. Independent Compensation Advisor (Page 38 ) The compensation and human resources committee benefits from its utilization of an independent compensation advisor retained directly by the committee that provides no other services to the Company. Stockholder Engagement (Page 37 ) We engage with stockholders on an annual basis and stockholder advisory firms on an as needed basis to obtain feedback concerning our executive compensation program. What We Don t Do Tax Gross-Ups for Perquisites, for Other Benefits or upon a Change in Control (Pages 53 , 56 , 60 ) Our executive officers do not receive tax gross-ups for perquisites, for other benefits, or upon a change in control. (1) Single-Trigger Change in Control Provisions (Pages 53 , 60 ) Our executive change in control policy does not have single-trigger provisions. (1) Our executive officers may receive tax gross-ups in connection with relocation benefits and anniversary milestone awards, which are widely available to all of our employees. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Figure 8. Environmental, Social and Governance Highlights Our environmental, social and governance strategy supports the success of our business. It provides a framework for meaningful investments, proactive risk management, support for our customers to achieve their goals, and globally focused action. Our approach emphasizes engagement, goal setting, and accountability. Our strategy is composed of six key pillars, which are described in greater detail in our annual Global Impact report, available at lamresearch.com/company/environmental-social-and-governance/. We have set goals aligned with our strategy; these goals are highlighted below, together with some of our recent progress. We aim to achieve each of the following goals by the end of calendar year 2025, unless otherwise stated. In 2024, we continued to build momentum across each of our six key pillars. We also received recognition from our customers and from independent raters and rankers, including by being named among the World s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere and included on the Dow Jones Best-in-Class North America Index. In the table below, references to specific years are to calendar, not fiscal, years. Goals 2024 Progress Governance Continue to expand our disclosure and alignment with industry-recognized frameworks and standards Our efforts to increase disclosure maintained or improved our ratings and rankings with third parties, and joined RE100, a global corporate renewable energy initiative led by the Climate Group Product Innovation 83% of customers measured by emissions have science-based targets ( SBTs ) (1) 9% of customers measured by emissions have SBTs Reduce Scope 3 emissions from use of sold products 63.8% per USD value added by 2034 from a 2022 base year New goal (2) Sustainable Operations (3) Achieve net zero greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions by 2050, including by meeting the following targets: Achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2030 Sourced 55% renewable electricity globally in 2024 Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions 25% by 2025 and 46.2% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline; by the end of 2040, achieve net zero operations (4) 42% decrease year-over-year and 18.6% decrease from a 2019 baseline for Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions Achieve 12 million kilowatt-hours ( kWh ) in total energy savings from a 2019 baseline Achieved 1.96 million kWh in in 2024, for a cumulative 11.7 million kWh in savings toward our 2025 goal Achieve zero waste to landfill for hazardous waste Diverted 99.95% of hazardous waste to landfill in 2024 Achieve 80 million gallons of water savings in water-stressed regions from a 2019 baseline Achieved 80.6 million gallons of water savings from a 2019 baseline, one year ahead of schedule, including 14.7 million gallons in 2024 Our Workplace (5) Build on our high-performance culture with best-in-class employee engagement at the global benchmark as measured by our annual employee survey 90% participation in our annual employee survey, with an engagement score up two points from 2023 and exceeding benchmarks Maintain an Occupational Safety and Health Administration recordable injury rate at or below 0.4 annually Realized a recordable injury rate of 0.28 (table continues on next page) (1) The percentage of customers measured by emissions who have set SBTs is calculated by summing the emissions associated with category 11 use of sold products for each customer with a Science-Based Targets initiative ( SBTi ) or SBTi aligned methodology and then dividing by the total emissions for category 11 use of sold products to get a proportion of emissions represented by customers with SBTi or SBTi aligned methodology. Estimated annual emissions are determined using a GHG Protocol spend-based methodology and emissions factors derived from the environmentally-extended input-output ( EEIO ) database. (2) This goal was added to our net zero roadmap at the end of 2024 and thus progress to that goal was not started within the 2024 calendar year. (3) Energy and water savings data exclude Lam s subsidiaries Avonisys, Coventor, and Metryx. (4) We have revised our 2030 Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction target due to ongoing due diligence revealing a need to adjust our baseline. The revised goal remains in line with SBTi expectations. (5) A previously stated Workplace goal has been removed for 2024. 8 Table of Contents Goals 2024 Progress Responsible Supply Chain Achieve more than 90% compliance with our social and environmental expectations across our top suppliers (6) Exceeded our goal with 99% of top suppliers responding to our conflict minerals survey Engage with at least 50% of our top suppliers on environmental sustainability opportunities Engaged with 100% of top suppliers through surveys, energy assessments, and education programs Increase engagement with suppliers on social and environmental topics through assessment, training, and capacity building Continued to deepen supplier engagement with top suppliers through 19 webinars, as well as training tailored to our growth regions 46.5% of suppliers measured by emissions have SBTs (7) 32.7% of suppliers as measured by emissions have SBTs Our Communities Determine key targets for larger-scale impact aligned to a new strategic focus Having achieved this goal in 2023, Lam s Powering Breakthroughs Together community impact framework continues to guide our giving and signature program initiatives Implement measurement of outcomes for key program and large-scale grants Identified gaps in measurement and reporting processes and assessing alternative approach for large-scale grants Increase annual unique participation rate in all employee giving programs from 10% to 30% Increased annual unique employee participation rate from 20% in 2023 to 22% in 2024 Contribute 40,000 employee volunteer hours annually Contributed 31,956 employee volunteer hours in 2024 (6) Top suppliers are defined as the top 100 direct suppliers, who account for approximately 91% of spend and 90% of direct supplier emissions, with some variability year over year. Direct suppliers are defined as those who provide parts, assemblies, and services to produce parts used to manufacture and support Lam s products. Indirect suppliers are all other goods and services used by Lam s daily operations that are not parts, assemblies, or services directly tied to producing parts used to manufacture or support Lam s products. (7) The percentage of suppliers measured by emissions who have set SBTs is calculated by dividing the estimated annual emissions associated with our suppliers (direct and indirect) who have set SBTs by the estimated annual emissions of our suppliers (direct and indirect); estimated annual emissions are determined using a GHG Protocol spend-based methodology and emissions factors derived from the EEIO. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Figure 9. 2025 Stock Incentive Plan Highlights What The Plan Includes Share Reserve (Page 87 ) 96.8 million new shares will be available for issuance under the 2025 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan ). In addition, the shares that remain available for grants under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ) immediately prior to the expiration of the 2015 Plan, and any shares that would otherwise return to the 2015 Plan as a result of the forfeiture, termination, expiration, or cash settlement of awards previously granted under the 2015 Plan, will also be available for issuance under the 2025 Plan, in addition to the 96.8 million shares. Award Type s (Page 88 ) The 2025 Plan provides for options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights ( SARs ) and other awards (including, but not limited to, purchase rights for shares, the grant of shares as a bonus, deferred shares, performance shares, phantom shares, and other similar types of awards). Fungible Share Ratio (Page 89 ) Consistent with the 2015 Plan, awards under the 2025 Plan, other than stock options and SARs, count against the share reserve at a 2:1 ratio (i.e., will count as two shares against the share reserve for every one share subject to such award). Limits on Outside Director Compensation (Page 89 ) The aggregate annual dollar limit (including total cash and equity compensation) is $1,000,000 for each non-employee director and $1,500,000 for a non-executive Board chair. Minimum Vesting Periods (Page 90 ) Awards may not vest sooner than the one year anniversary of the date of grant (except with respect to awards to non-employee directors vesting on or about the one year anniversary of the applicable date of grant and the next annual stockholder meeting, shares delivered in lieu of currently payable cash obligations, or additional awards up to 5% of the maximum number of shares that may be issued under the 2025 Plan). Awards may provide for earlier vesting in certain circumstances (e.g., death, disability, termination, and in certain corporate transactions). Recoupment/Clawback (Page 91 ) Awards under the 2025 Plan are subject to Lam s clawback policy and any other applicable clawback provisions, applicable sections of any Award Agreement or any related documents, or requirements of applicable law or regulations. Plan Term (Page 91 ) The 2025 Plan shall continue in effect until the tenth (10th) anniversary of its effective date unless earlier terminated or suspended by the Board. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after August 26, 2035. Shares Available for Awards Provisions (Page 90 ) Shares covered by an award that is forfeited, canceled or expires, or is settled in cash, before the shares are issued will be available for future issuance under the 2025 Plan. Shares tendered or withheld in payment of any tax withholding obligation for an award other than an option or SAR will also be returned to the 2025 Plan and available for future issuance. The following types of shares will not be returned to the 2025 Plan and will not become available for future issuances: Shares that have been issued (e.g., restricted stock), except in the case of unvested shares that are forfeited or repurchased by the Company at the lower of their original purchase price or their fair market value. Shares tendered or withheld in payment of an option or SAR exercise price, or withheld to pay any option or SAR tax withholding obligation. Shares subject to share-settled SARs that are not actually issued in connection with the settlement of such SARs upon exercise. Shares reacquired by the Company on the open market or otherwise using cash proceeds from the exercise of options. What The Plan Does Not Include Repricing Without Stockholder Approval (Page 90 ) Stockholder approval must be obtained prior to the reduction of the exercise price of any option or SAR or the cancellation of an option or SAR when its exercise price exceeds the fair market value of the shares in exchange for cash, another award, or an option or SAR with a lower exercise price (excluding adjustments due to specified corporate transactions and changes in capitalization). Dividend Payment on Unvested Awards (Page 90 ) If awards provide for the payment of dividends or dividend equivalent rights, such amounts will be subject to the same vesting restrictions as the underlying award and will be deferred until, and paid contingent upon, the vesting of the underlying award. 10 Table of Contents Stock Ownership Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The table below sets forth the beneficial ownership of shares of Lam common stock by: (1) each person or entity who we believe, based on our review of filings made with the SEC, beneficially owned more than 5% of Lam s common stock on the date set forth below; (2) each current director of the Company; (3) each NEO identified below in the Compensation Matters Executive Compensation and Other Information Compensation Discussion and Analysis section; and (4) all current directors and current executive officers as a group. With the exception of 5% owners, and unless otherwise noted, the information below reflects holdings as of September 5, 2025, which is the Record Date for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and the most recent practicable date for determining ownership. For 5% owners, holdings are as of the dates of their most recent ownership reports filed with the SEC, which are the most practicable dates for determining their holdings. The percentage of the class owned is calculated using 1,261,032,300 as the number of shares of Lam common stock outstanding on September 5, 2025. Figure 10. Beneficial Ownership Table Name of Person or Identity of Group Shares Beneficially Owned (#) (1) Percentage of Class 5% Stockholders BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 117,779,780 (2) 9.34% The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern, PA 19355 129,149,892 (3) 10.24% Directors Sohail U. Ahmed 33,580 * Timothy M. Archer (also a Named Executive Officer) 1,481,175 * Eric K. Brandt 287,070 * Ita M. Brennan 3,707 * Michael R. Cannon 189,740 * John M. Dineen 7,500 * Mark Fields 4,247 * Ho Kyu Kang 8,693 * Bethany J. Mayer 31,880 * Jyoti K. Mehra 16,840 * Abhijit Y. Talwalkar 108,360 * Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) Douglas R. Bettinger 1,093,082 * Patrick J. Lord 71,455 * Ava A. Harter 15,046 * Seshasayee (Sesha) Varadarajan 237,783 * All current directors and executive officers as a group (17 people) 3,971,889 * Note: Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address of each of the stockholders above is c/o Lam Research Corporation, 4650 Cushing Parkway Fremont, California 94538. * Less than 1% Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents (1) Includes shares subject to outstanding stock options that are now exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days after September 5, 2025, as well as RSUs, that will vest within that time period, as follows: Shares Sohail U. Ahmed 2,950 Timothy M. Archer 616,410 Eric K. Brandt 2,950 Michael R. Cannon 2,950 Ita M. Brennan 2,950 John M. Dineen 2,950 Mark Fields 2,950 Ho Kyu Kang 2,950 Bethany J. Mayer 2,950 Jyoti K. Mehra 2,950 Abhijit Y. Talwalkar 2,950 Douglas R. Bettinger 113,730 Ava A. Harter 6,010 Patrick J. Lord 34,810 Seshasayee (Sesha) Varadarajan 88,190 All current directors and executive officers as a group (17 people) 959,030 The terms of any outstanding stock options that are now exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days after September 5, 2025, and RSUs that will vest within that time period, are reflected in Figure 53. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year 2025 Year-End, except for stock options held by executive officers who are not fiscal year 2025 Named Executive Officers. Such executive officers have options covering 70,380 shares, which are unexercised and exercisable within 60 days of September 5, 2025. The grants to such executive officers have terms consistent with the terms reflected in Figure 53. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year 2025 Year-End. As discussed in Governance Matters Director Compensation below, the non-employee directors receive an annual equity award as part of their compensation. These awards generally vest on October 31, 2025, subject to continued service on the Board as of that date, with immediate delivery of the shares upon vesting. For 2025, Messrs. Ahmed, Brandt, Cannon, Dineen, Fields, and Talwalkar; Mss. Brennan, Mayer, and Mehra; and Dr. Kang each received awards of 2,950 RSUs. (2) All information regarding BlackRock Inc. ( BlackRock ) is based solely on information disclosed in amendment number 16 to Schedule 13G filed by BlackRock with the SEC on January 25, 2024 on behalf of BlackRock and certain subsidiaries. According to the Schedule 13G filing, of 117,779,780 shares of Lam common stock reported as beneficially owned by BlackRock as of December 31, 2023, BlackRock had sole voting power with respect to 106,801,210 shares, did not have shared voting power with respect to any shares, had sole dispositive power with respect to 117,779,780 shares, and did not have shared dispositive power with respect to any shares of Lam common stock. (3) All information regarding The Vanguard Group ( Vanguard ) is based solely on information disclosed in amendment number 13 to Schedule 13G filed by Vanguard with the SEC on April 8, 2025. According to the Schedule 13G filing, of the 129,149,892 shares of Lam common stock reported as beneficially owned by Vanguard as of March 31, 2025, Vanguard did not have sole voting power with respect to any shares, had shared voting power with respect to 1,685,647 shares, had sole dispositive power with respect to 123,061,464 shares, and had shared dispositive power with respect to 6,088,428 shares of Lam common stock. 12 Table of Contents Governance Matters Corporate Governance Our Board and members of management are committed to responsible corporate governance to manage the Company for the long-term benefit of its stockholders. To that end, the Board and management periodically review and update, as appropriate, the Company s corporate governance policies and practices. As part of that process, the Board and management consider the requirements of federal and state law, including rules and regulations of the SEC; the listing standards for the Nasdaq Global Select Market ( Nasdaq ); published guidelines and recommendations of proxy advisory firms; published guidelines of some of our top stockholders; published guidelines of other selected public companies; and any feedback we receive from our stockholders. A list of key corporate governance practices is provided in the Proxy Statement Summary above. Corporate Governance Policies We have instituted a variety of policies and procedures to foster and maintain responsible corporate governance, including the following: Figure 11. Policies and Procedures Summary Policy or Procedure Summary Board committee charters* Each of the Board s audit, compensation and human resources, nominating and governance, and innovation and technology committees has a written charter adopted by the Board that delegates authority and responsibilities to the committee. Each committee reviews its charter, and the nominating and governance committee reviews the charters of all of the committees annually and recommends changes to the Board, as appropriate. See Board Committees below for additional information regarding these committees. Corporate governance guidelines* We adhere to written corporate governance guidelines, adopted by the Board and reviewed annually by the nominating and governance committee and the Board. Selected provisions of the guidelines are discussed below, including in the Board Nomination Policies and Procedures , Director Independence Policies , and Other Governance Practices sections below. Corporate Code of Ethics* We maintain a code of ethics that applies to all employees, officers, and members of the Board. The code of ethics establishes standards reasonably necessary to promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, and full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in the periodic reports we file with the SEC and in other public communications. We will promptly disclose to the public any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code of ethics to the extent required by applicable laws. We intend to make this public disclosure by posting the relevant material on our website, to the extent permitted by applicable laws. Code of Conduct* We maintain a written code of conduct to address a variety of situations that apply to our worldwide workforce. Among other items, the code of conduct addresses relationships and/or conduct with one another, with Lam (including conflicts of interest, safeguarding of Company assets, and protection of confidential information), and with other companies and stakeholders (including anti-corruption). Insider Trading Policy** Our insider trading policy restricts the trading of Company stock by our directors, officers, and employees, and includes provisions addressing insider blackout periods and prohibiting pledges of Company stock, and prohibiting such persons from engaging in hedging transactions, such as cashless collars, forward sales, equity swaps, and other similar arrangements. Investments in exchange funds are permitted if the fund is broadly diversified and comprises less than 2% of Company stock; exceptions to the 2% threshold may be permitted on a case-by-case basis. * A copy is available on the Investors section of our website at investor.lamresearch.com/corporate-governance . ** A copy is available as Exhibit 19.1 to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Approach To Ensuring Board Effectiveness As part of the Board s commitment to responsible corporate governance, we have developed a number of practices that together serve to ensure that, over time, the Board continues to function in an effective manner that serves the long-term interests of the Company and its stockholders. Several of the practices that we consider to be most important are summarized in Figure 12 below, and the practices themselves are described in greater detail below. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Figure 12. Board Effectiveness Practices Board and committee evaluations. Every year, the Board conducts a self-evaluation of the Board, its committees, and the individual directors, overseen by the nominating and governance committee. From time to time, the evaluation is facilitated by an independent third-party consultant. The evaluation solicits the opinions of the directors regarding the effectiveness of the Board, Board committees, and individual directors in fulfilling their obligations. Feedback on Board effectiveness is provided to the full Board for discussion, feedback on each committee s effectiveness is provided to the committee for discussion, and feedback regarding individual director performance is provided to each individual director. The Board and committees identify and hold themselves accountable for action items stemming from the evaluation. The results of the evaluations are also considered by the nominating and governance committee and the Board as part of the director nomination process. Board composition and refreshment. The Board and the nominating and governance committee regard board refreshment as important, and strive to maintain an appropriate balance of tenure, turnover, backgrounds, skills and experiences to meet the needs of the Company and the Board. In consideration of the Company s evolving strategic priorities and as part of its refreshment planning, the nominating and governance committee regularly evaluates the Board s composition, backgrounds, skills and experiences, and directors time commitments and committee assignments, to ensure the Board functions effectively. See Proxy Statement Summary Figure 5 . Director Nominee Key Qualifications, Skills, and Experiences and Proxy Statement Summary Figure 4 Director Nominee Composition Highlights for additional information regarding the key qualifications, skills, experiences and characteristics considered by the Board and the nominating and governance committee in nominating our nominees. Since 2022, the Board has gained four new independent directors. Over a number of years, the Board has appointed directors who have expanded the experiences, areas of substantive expertise, and geographic and industry breath of the Board, as illustrated by the information provided in their biographies under Voting Proposals Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 2025 Nominees for Director below. The Board is also committed to the pursuit of Board refreshment and balanced tenure. The Board believes that new perspectives and ideas are important to a forward-looking and strategic board, as is the ability to benefit from the valuable experience and familiarity of longer-serving directors who can leverage their experience with the Company and with the industry and business environment in which the Company operates. Our corporate governance guidelines do not impose a term limit on Board service; however, the Board regularly assesses the directors tenure mix and strives to maintain a balance that will ensure both fresh perspectives and experience on the Board. In addition, our corporate governance guidelines impose an age limitation for directors to be nominated to the Board, as described under Board Nomination Policies and Procedures Board Membership Criteria below. The Board also considers refreshment and tenure with respect to the leadership and membership of its standing committees, and the nominating and governance committee evaluates short-term and long-term roadmaps for committee membership and leadership on a regular basis. When reviewing committee assignments, the nominating and governance committee considers the rotation of chairs and members with a view toward balancing the benefits derived from the diversity of experience and viewpoints of the various directors. The nominating and governance committee also considers individual directors skills, experiences and qualifications, prior committee experience, and other positions and commitments. 14 Table of Contents Director onboarding and education. To ensure that new directors are able to effectively participate in and contribute to the Board as quickly as possible, we provide a comprehensive orientation and onboarding program for our new directors. Upon joining the Board, new directors participate in an orientation program that includes introductions to other Board members and our senior management team, and in-depth learning about our industry, business, technology, operations, culture, people, performance, strategic plans, risk management, and corporate governance practices, among other topics. The onboarding process may also include tours of one or more of our manufacturing or lab facilities. First time directors (i.e., those without prior public company board experience) are encouraged to attend an outside course shortly after joining the Board. Our Board is also committed to ongoing education. Our corporate governance guidelines provide that directors are expected to participate in educational events sufficient to maintain their understanding of their duties as directors and to enhance their ability to fulfill their responsibilities. In addition to any external educational opportunities that the directors find useful, the Company and the board leadership are expected to facilitate such participation by arranging for appropriate educational presentations from time to time. In recent years, our Board heard from external advisors on multiple subjects, including cybersecurity, employee engagement and retention, and the geopolitical environment. Board Nomination Policies and Procedures Board membership criteria. Under our corporate governance guidelines, the nominating and governance committee is responsible for recommending nominees to the independent directors, and the independent directors nominate the slate of directors for approval by our stockholders. In making its recommendations, whether for new or incumbent directors, the nominating and governance committee assesses the appropriate balance of experience, skills, and characteristics required for the Board at the time. Our corporate governance guidelines set out a non-exclusive list of factors to be considered by the nominating and governance committee in recommending nominees, which were selected by the Board to ensure proper board composition and effectiveness. These factors are reviewed and updated by the Board on a regular basis. The factors include, but are not limited to: experience; business acumen; wisdom; integrity; judgment; the ability to make independent analytical inquiries; the ability to understand the Company s business environment; the candidate s willingness and ability to devote adequate time to board duties; specific skills, background, or experience considered necessary or desirable for board or committee service; specific experiences with other businesses or organizations that may be relevant to the Company or its industry; the interplay of a candidate s experiences and skills with those of other Board members; and any other attribute(s) the Board considers appropriate. In addition, our corporate governance guidelines provide that a director may not be nominated for re-election or reappointment to the Board after having attained the age of 75 years. To be nominated, a new or incumbent candidate must provide an irrevocable conditional resignation that will be effective upon (1) the director s failure to receive the required majority vote at an annual meeting at which the nominee faces re-election and (2) the Board s acceptance of such resignation. Upon the recommendations of the nominating and governance committee, the independent members of the Board have nominated all of our current directors for re-election to serve on the Board. Each nominee s key qualifications, skills, and attributes considered most relevant to the nomination of the candidate to serve on the Board are reflected in their biography under Voting Proposals Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 2025 Nominees for Director below. For a summary of the key qualifications, skills, and attributes of the nominees to the Board, see Proxy Statement Summary Figure 5. Director Nominee Key Qualifications, Skills, and Experiences. Nomination procedure. The nominating and governance committee sets specific qualifications for new directors, and identifies, screens, evaluates, and recommends qualified candidates for appointment or election to the Board. The committee considers recommendations from a variety of sources, including search firms, Board members, executive officers, and stockholders. Nominations for election by the stockholders are made by the independent members of the Board. New candidates to join the Board typically meet with our chair, our lead independent director (if applicable), members of the nominating and governance committee, additional board members, and our president and chief executive officer ( CEO ), as well as representatives of the Company s executive team, prior to being considered for recommendation by the nominating and governance committee for appointment to the Board. See Voting Proposals Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 2025 Nominees for Director below for additional information regarding the 2025 candidates for election to the Board. The nominating and governance committee will consider for nomination persons properly nominated by stockholders in accordance with the Company s bylaws and nomination procedures. Our bylaws provide that under certain circumstances, a stockholder, or group of up to 20 stockholders, who have maintained continuous ownership of at least three percent (3%) of our common stock for at least three years may nominate and include a specified number of director nominees in our annual meeting proxy statement that cannot Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents exceed the greater of two or 20% of the aggregate number of directors then serving on the Board (rounded down). Information regarding the nomination procedures is provided in the Voting and Meeting Information Other Meeting Information Stockholder-Initiated Proposals and Nominations for 2026 Annual Meeting section below. Subject to then-applicable law, stockholder nominations for directors will be evaluated by the Company s nominating and governance committee in accordance with the same criteria as are applied to candidates identified by the committee or other sources. Director Independence Policies Board independence requirements. Our corporate governance guidelines require that a majority of the Board members be independent. The nominating and governance committee annually reviews the independence of each director, including with respect to the Board and each individual committee, and recommends to the Board director independence determinations made with respect to continuing and prospective directors. No director will qualify as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director qualifies as independent under the Nasdaq rules and has no relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a director. In addition, no non-employee director may serve as a consultant or service provider to the Company without the approval of a majority of the independent directors (and any such director s independence must be reassessed by the full Board following such approval). Board member independence. The Board has determined that all current directors and persons who served as directors during any part of fiscal year 2025, other than Mr. Archer, are independent in accordance with Nasdaq criteria for director independence. In making the determination, the Board considered prior employment with the Company, disclosed related party transactions, known familial relationships of directors with employees (not involving immediate family members) and commercial transactions involving other parties with common directorships, none of which qualified as related party transactions or were considered by the Board to interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a director. Board committee independence. All members of the Board s audit, compensation and human resources, and nominating and governance committees must be non-employee or outside directors and independent in accordance with applicable Nasdaq criteria as well as, for compensation and human resources committee members, Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. See Board Committees below for additional information regarding these committees. Lead independent director. Our corporate governance guidelines provide that the Board shall designate a lead independent director from among the independent members, if the chair is not independent. As described below under Leadership Structure of the Board , an independent director, Mr. Talwalkar, currently serves as chair of the Board, and as a result, the Board has not designated a lead independent director. Executive sessions of independent directors. The Board and its audit, compensation and human resources, and nominating and governance committees hold meetings of the independent directors and committee members, without management present, as part of each regularly scheduled meeting and at any other time at the discretion of the Board or committee, as applicable. Board access to independent advisors. The Board as a whole, and each standing Board committee separately, has the complete authority to retain, at the Company s expense, and terminate, in their discretion, any independent consultants, counselors, or advisors as they deem necessary or appropriate to fulfill their responsibilities. Leadership Structure of the Board The Company s governance framework provides the Board with the authority and flexibility necessary to select the appropriate leadership structure for the Board. In making determinations about the leadership structure, the Board considers many factors, including the specific needs of the business and what is in the best interests of the Company s stockholders. Under our corporate governance guidelines, the Board s leadership structure includes a chair and may also include a separate lead independent director. Currently, Mr. Talwalkar, an independent director, serves as chair of the Board, and as a result, the Board has not designated a lead independent director. The chair s duties include (1) preparing the agenda for the Board meetings with input from the CEO, the Board, and the committee chairs; (2) upon invitation, attending meetings of any of the Board committees of which they are not a member; (3) conveying to the CEO, together with the chair of the compensation and human resources committee, the results of the CEO s performance evaluation; (4) reviewing proposals submitted by stockholders for action at meetings of stockholders and, depending on the subject matter, determining the appropriate body, among the Board or any of the Board committees, to evaluate each proposal, and making recommendations to the Board regarding action to be taken in response to such proposal; (5) as requested by the Board, providing reports to the Board on the chair s activities; (6) coordinating and developing the agenda for, and moderating executive sessions of the Board s independent directors; (7) conveying to the CEO, as appropriate, discussions from executive sessions of the Board s independent directors; and (8) performing such other duties as the Board may reasonably request from time to time. 16 Table of Contents Other Governance Practices In addition to the principal policies and procedures described above, we have established a variety of other practices to enhance our corporate governance, including the following: Director resignation or notification of change in executive officer status. Under our corporate governance guidelines, any director who is also an executive officer of the Company must offer to submit their resignation as a director to the Board if the director ceases to be an executive officer of the Company. The Board may accept or decline the offer, in its discretion. The corporate governance guidelines also require a non-employee director to notify the nominating and governance committee if the director changes or retires from their executive position at another public company. The nominating and governance committee reviews the appropriateness of the director s continuing Board membership under the circumstances, and the director is expected to act in accordance with the nominating and governance committee s recommendations. Limitations on director commitments, including other board and committee memberships and leadership. The Board believes that it is critical that directors dedicate sufficient time to their service on the Board. Under our corporate governance guidelines, the nominating and governance committee considers a director s other board and committee leadership positions and memberships that may affect a director s ability to contribute effectively to the Board, and evaluates director commitments by reviewing director time devoted to service on our Board and committees (considering both time spent in Board and committee meetings and other time commitments outside of meetings), requiring directors to assess their time commitments, and monitoring the number of directors outside directorships and committee memberships, among other items, at least annually. In particular, our corporate governance guidelines provide that Board members may not serve on more than four public company boards (including service on the Company s Board), and non-employee directors who are executive officers at other public companies may not serve on more than two public company boards (including the Company s Board), except if a temporary waiver is approved by the chair of the nominating and governance committee. In addition, non-employee directors may not serve on more than three audit committees of public company boards (including the Company s audit committee), unless otherwise approved by the nominating and governance committee. Finally, the Company s CEO may not serve on more than one other public company board without obtaining prior approval of such directorship by the nominating and governance committee. All of our directors are currently in compliance with the limitations on director commitments in our corporate governance guidelines. Director and executive stock ownership. Under the corporate governance guidelines, each non-employee director is expected to own at least five times the value of the annual cash retainer (not including any committee chair or other supplemental retainers for directors) of Lam common stock, by the fifth anniversary of their initial election to the Board. The value is translated into a number of shares by dividing the applicable multiple of the annual cash retainer by the average closing price of our common stock for the 30 trading days through June 30 of the most recently-completed fiscal year as of the measurement date. Guidelines for stock ownership by designated members of the executive management team are described below under Compensation Matters Executive Compensation and Other Information Compensation Discussion and Analysis . All of our directors and designated members of our executive management team were in compliance with the Company s applicable stock ownership guidelines at the end of fiscal year 2025 or have a period of time remaining under the guidelines to meet the requirements. Communications with board members. Any stockholder who wishes to communicate directly with the Board, with any Board committee, or with any individual director regarding the Company may write to the Board, the committee, or the director c/o Secretary, Lam Research Corporation, 4650 Cushing Parkway, Fremont, California 94538. Subject to certain exceptions specified in our corporate governance guidelines, the Secretary will forward communications to the appropriate director(s). Any stockholder, employee, or other person may communicate any complaint regarding any accounting, internal accounting control, or audit matter to the attention of the Board s audit committee by sending written correspondence by mail (to Lam Research Corporation, Attention: Board Audit Committee, P.O. Box 5010, Fremont, California 94537-5010) or by telephone (855-208-8578) or internet (through the Company s third-party provider website at www.lamhelpline.ethicspoint.com ). The audit committee has established procedures to ensure that employee complaints or concerns regarding audit or accounting matters will be received and treated anonymously (if the complaint or concern is submitted anonymously and if permitted under applicable law). Meeting Attendance Our Board held a total of five meetings during fiscal year 2025. The number of committee meetings held is shown below under Board Committees . All of the directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of Board meetings and meetings of Board committees on which they served during their tenure in fiscal year 2025. We expect our directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders each year unless unusual circumstances make attendance impractical. All of the individuals who were directors as of the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders attended that meeting. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Board Committees The Board has four standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation and human resources committee, a nominating and governance committee, and an innovation and technology committee. The functions, membership, and charter of each are described below. Copies of each committee s charter are available on the Investors section of our website at investor.lamresearch.com/corporate-governance . Audit Committee Membership as of September 5, 2025: Eric K. Brandt (Chair), Ita M. Brennan, John M. Dineen, and Bethany J. Mayer Meetings held in fiscal year 2025: Nine Key responsibilities: oversee the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes, independent auditors (including by carrying out an assessment of their qualifications and independence), internal audit program, and the audits of its financial statements; oversee the Company s investment policies and performance, review the Company s hedging strategy and tax strategies; oversee the Company s ethics and compliance program; oversee the Company s cybersecurity and information security policies and internal controls; oversee management s implementation and maintenance of internal control over accounting and financial reporting and of reporting systems and procedures designed to identify material misstatements in financial reporting, whether due to error or fraud, including the review of any material changes to the system of internal control over financial reporting; review and monitor risk associated with the Company s (i) investment policy and its investment portfolio performance, (ii) counterparty risk, including the financial position of key counterparties, including key customers, and (iii) debt and banking covenants, liquidity, available credit under revolving or other lines of credit, and access to financing; review and approve the Company s Insider Trading Policy, including amendments and changes thereto; review the Company s earnings press releases, as well as financial information and earnings guidance provided therein; review and oversee potential related party and conflict of interest situations, transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K of the SEC, and any other transaction involving an executive or Board member, and oversee (i) the determination of whether an accounting restatement is required due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws and (ii) the preparation of the Company s accounting restatements to correct such noncompliance. The Board concluded that all members of the audit committee, and persons who served as members of the audit committee during any part of fiscal year 2025, are non-employee directors who are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules for audit committee member independence. Furthermore, each member is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements as required by the Nasdaq listing standards, and the Board has determined that Mr. Brandt and Mss. Brennan and Mayer are each an audit committee financial expert as defined in the SEC rules. Compensation and Human Resources Committee Membership as of September 5, 2025: Michael R. Cannon, Mark Fields, Jyoti K. Mehra (Chair), and Abhijit Y. Talwalkar Meetings held in fiscal year 2025: Five Key responsibilities: review and approve the Company s executive officer compensation philosophy, objectives, and strategies; recommend to the independent members of the Board corporate goals and objectives under our compensation plans; recommend to the independent members of the Board compensation packages and compensation payouts for the CEO, and approve the compensation packages and compensation payouts for our other executive officers; oversee incentive, equity-based plans, and other compensatory plans in which our executive officers and/or directors participate; produce an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion, as required, in our annual proxy statement; oversee management s determination as to whether our compensation policies and practices, including those related to pay equity laws, create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company; and discharge certain responsibilities of the Board with respect to organization and people matters, including executive succession planning, employee engagement programs, and assisting the Board in overseeing environmental, social and governance matters relating to our workforce. 18 Table of Contents The Board concluded that all members of the compensation and human resources committee, and persons who served as members of the committee during any part of fiscal year 2025, are non-employee directors who are independent in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and the Nasdaq criteria for director and compensation committee member independence. Nominating and Governance Committee Membership as of September 5, 2025: Eric K. Brandt, Michael R. Cannon (Chair), Bethany J. Mayer, and Abhijit Y. Talwalkar Meetings held in fiscal year 2025: Four Key responsibilities: identify individuals qualified to serve as members of the Board and recommend nominees for election as directors; recommend committee membership and leadership assignments; review our corporate governance guidelines and other governing documents and recommend amendments to the Board; oversee self-evaluations of the Board, committees, and individual directors; assist the Board in overseeing environmental, social and governance matters not assigned to other committees, including our overall strategy and goals with respect to such matters, sustainability initiatives, climate-related goals, and, in each instance, our progress toward achieving those goals, as well as its related reporting; oversee the Company s political activities and review our policy regarding political contributions and spending; develop, assess, and make recommendations to the Board concerning corporate governance matters; review the independence of the Board and its committees and recommend director independence determinations to the Board; monitor and evaluate the educational needs of directors and make recommendations to the Board where appropriate; and administer the process for director candidates nominated by stockholders. The Board concluded that all members of the nominating and governance committee, and persons who served as members of the nominating and governance committee during any part of fiscal year 2025, are non-employee directors who are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq criteria for director independence. Innovation and Technology Committee Membership as of September 5, 2025: Sohail U. Ahmed, Ho Kyu Kang (Chair), Bethany J. Mayer, and Abhijit Y. Talwalkar Meetings held in fiscal year 2025: Four Key responsibilities: assist the Board in overseeing the Company s management of risks associated with the scope, direction, and quality of the Company s major technology plans and strategies, including its research and development ( R D ) programs, capabilities, and activities, levels of investment, competitive positioning and intellectual property protection, and the technical, market, and business risks associated with product development and investment; review and assess the performance, progress, and effectiveness of the Company s execution of its technology strategies; and assist the Board in overseeing the Company s management of risks associated with existing and future trends in technology and relevant markets that may affect the Company s plans and strategies. Board s Role and Engagement General. The Board oversees the management of the business and affairs of the Company. In this oversight role, the Board serves as the ultimate decision-making body of the Company, except for those matters reserved for the stockholders. Board agendas facilitate dialogue between the Board and management regarding drivers of long-term stockholder value and key strategic and operational risks. The Board s and its committees agendas include both regular, recurring topics as well as time for special agenda topics that are scheduled on an as-needed basis by the Board or committee chairs, as applicable. The Board and its committees have the primary responsibilities for: overseeing the Company s business strategies, and approving the Company s capital allocation plans and priorities, annual operating plan, and major corporate actions as set forth in the below sub-bullets; a strategic plan is presented to the Board for discussion on an annual basis; an operating plan is presented to the Board for discussion on an annual basis, and updates are presented at each quarterly Board meeting; and capital allocation plans and priorities and other major corporate actions are presented and discussed as part of regular management updates and as special agenda topics, as appropriate. appointing, annually evaluating the performance of, and approving the compensation of, our CEO; Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents reviewing with our CEO the performance of the Company s other executive officers and approving their compensation; reviewing and approving CEO and top leadership succession planning; advising and mentoring the Company s senior management; overseeing the Company s internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; overseeing the Company s material risks and enterprise risk management processes and programs, with critical enterprise risks presented to the full Board at least annually; overseeing the Company s ethics and compliance programs, including the Company s code of ethics, with updates presented to Board annually and to the audit committee or Board quarterly; overseeing the Company s information security programs (including cybersecurity), with updates presented to the Board annually and to the audit committee or Board quarterly; overseeing the Company s human capital management, with updates presented to the compensation and human resources committee quarterly and to the full Board annually; overseeing environmental, social and governance matters, with quarterly updates on our program and performance provided to the nominating and governance committee, and the Company s strategy, goals and performance presented to, and its related reporting reviewed by, the full Board annually; and overseeing the Company s political activities, with updates presented quarterly to the nominating and governance committee. Risk Oversight. Effective and comprehensive risk management is critical to our Company s success, given the dynamic economic, geopolitical, and social landscape in which we operate. Our Board is actively engaged in risk oversight both directly and through its committees. As a general matter, the Board exercises its oversight responsibility directly, including by overseeing management s implementation of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) program. In addition, the Board delegates oversight of certain risks to its various committees as further detailed below. The Board and, as applicable, each of its committees, oversee the Company s risk profile by regularly reviewing management s assessment of the Company s material risks and evaluating management s risk mitigation strategies. The Company s ERM program is an enterprise-wide program designed to leverage existing management processes to enable effective identification of critical enterprise risks, design and implementation of appropriate risk mitigation strategies, and regular assessment of the status of risks and mitigation plans. The ERM program (i) establishes a comprehensive, enterprise-wide system to identify, evaluate, manage, and report risks, (ii) clearly defines management s roles and responsibilities by allocating responsibility for specific risks to specific members of our senior management team, and (iii) facilitates dialogue between senior management and the Board regarding the Company s top risks. As part of the ERM framework, our management team seeks to create a comprehensive index of the Company s top enterprise risks by gathering information and input regarding specific categories of risk from designated individuals representing each of the Company s business units on a quarterly basis. The ERM process involves both identification and ranking of the Company s top risks. The imminence and timeframe of each relevant enterprise risk informs, in part, the relevant risk mitigation strategy and response time. Further, risks are evaluated based on their likelihood and impact, and appropriate risk mitigation strategies are designed based on such evaluation. On an as needed basis, we employ outside advisors to aid in assessing specific risks, provide benchmarking data, or provide information regarding trends or recent regulatory changes applicable to the Company s risk profile. Our chief legal officer ( CLO ), who reports to the chief executive officer, has overall responsibility for the ERM program. The CLO is responsible for coordinating the annual ERM risk reviews. Further, our CLO and/or the relevant risk owners provide the Board with annual reports regarding the critical enterprise risks, including an assessment of the likelihood and impact of each identified risk and related risk mitigation strategies. Updates on critical risks are also provided through regular reports to the Board related to the Company s business operations, strategy, and financial results. In addition, our chief information security officer and chief compliance officer provide quarterly reports to the Audit Committee on relevant information security and compliance issues, respectively, and annually report to the Board regarding the Company s information security and ethics and compliance programs. Further, members of our Internal Audit function provide the Audit Committee with quarterly reports regarding the effectiveness and adequacy of the Company s controls, risk management, compliance, financial reporting, and governance processes that are designed by the Company. In specific cases, the Board has delegated its risk oversight responsibility to committees of the Board based on each committees respective areas of responsibility and expertise, as described in further detail above in Board Committees and in the charters of the respective committees. Committees that have been charged with risk oversight regularly report to the Board on those risk matters within their areas of responsibility. Risk oversight responsibility has been allocated between the Board and its committees as summarized in Figure 13 and described in more detail below. 20 Table of Contents Figure 13. Risk Oversight Information Security (including Cybersecurity) Oversight. Our Board recognizes the significant role of information security in safeguarding our valuable intellectual property along with the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data of our customers, employees, and suppliers. The Board is responsible for overseeing our strategy and approach to addressing information security risks, including managing and assessing risks from cybersecurity threats, both directly and through the audit committee. The audit committee is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Company s cybersecurity and information security policies and its internal controls regarding cybersecurity and information security. In addition, the audit committee is responsible for regularly reporting to the Board on the substance of such reviews and, as necessary, recommending to the Board such actions as it deems appropriate. Our chief information security officer ( CISO ) reports on information security risks at least annually to the Board and quarterly to the audit committee or Board. In addition, we have implemented processes, which are integrated into the Company s ERM program, for identification, assessment, and management of material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our CISO, who has over 30 years of experience in information security and technology leadership, has primary responsibility for (i) leading our global information security program, (ii) managing the cybersecurity risks identified as part of the ERM program, and (iii) developing, implementing, and enforcing security policies and maintaining information security systems. A key component within our ERM framework is a robust information security risk management program, which includes: risk assessments designed to help identify risks to our critical systems, information, services, and our broader global information systems environment; a security team principally responsible for managing (i) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (ii) our security controls, and (iii) our response to cybersecurity incidents; the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to aid in assessing specific risks, providing benchmarking data, providing information regarding trends or recent regulatory changes applicable to our risk profile, or to test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security processes; the periodic engagement of an independent third-party expert to evaluate our security capabilities; mandatory annual cybersecurity awareness training of our employees, including incident response personnel and senior management, as well as conducting periodic tests with our user population to reinforce good information security practices; a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents, including those impacting the Company s manufacturing sites; processes to identify vulnerabilities, breach attempts, and possible criminal activity by external parties; and processes to assess the practices of our suppliers and third-party service providers relative to protecting the security of our information. Additionally, the Company holds International Organization for Standardization 27001-2022 certification for information security at our corporate headquarters. For further details about our information security oversight, please see our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Political Activity Oversight. Engagement in the political and public policy process is essential to the Company s strategic priorities and serves the interests of its stockholders and employees. Our nominating and governance committee oversees the Company s political activities to ensure that they align with Company policy. The committee is also responsible for reviewing the Company s policy regarding political activities, and for reviewing payments to trade associations and other third parties that may be used for political or lobbying purposes. Our political activities are led by our Corporate Vice President of Global Government Affairs and Trade ( GGAT ), who is responsible for reporting to the nominating and governance committee at least quarterly on the Company s political activities, and annually on the Company s political policy updates and payments to trade associations and other third parties that may be used for political or lobbying purposes. Our GGAT group plays a central role in helping us navigate export control requirements and works closely with our leadership to ensure a compliant, proactive response to new requirements. Externally, the GGAT group plays a leading role in industry efforts to amplify our voice in the wafer fabrication equipment industry and larger semiconductor ecosystem. We have also established an employee-funded political action committee, Leading American Microelectronics Political Action Committee ( LAMPAC ). Using voluntary contributions from eligible employees, LAMPAC supports candidates whose policy goals align with our advocacy agenda. To ensure proper administration of the LAMPAC and to maintain compliance with federal regulatory requirements, only authorized GGAT personnel are involved in LAMPAC s operations. The political action committee files routine public disclosures of its activity with the Federal Election Commission. As a matter of company policy, we do not make direct political contributions of any kind to political parties, candidates, or political committees, nor do we make payments to influence the outcome of ballot measures, engage in independent political expenditures in direct support of or opposition to candidates, or engage in indirect political spending, such as through our supply chain, consultants, or third-party organizations, including 501(c)(4) or 527 entities. For more details regarding our political activities, please refer to our public policy engagement and political activity statement located on the Investors section of our website at investor.lamresearch.com/corporate-governance . Stockholder Engagement We believe that engagement with our stockholders is an important part of effective corporate governance. Our senior management, including our president and CEO, chief financial officer, and members of our Investor Relations team, maintain regular contact with a broad base of investors through quarterly earnings calls, meetings, investor day events, industry conferences, and other investor and industry events. Through these interactions, over the course of calendar year 2024, senior management and Investor Relations met with stockholders collectively holding nearly 50% of our shares (based on averaged quarterly holdings, as reported by investors to the SEC). In addition, we engage with major stockholders on governance, executive compensation, environmental and social topics of interest to them. This outreach is generally conducted outside of our proxy solicitation period and, depending on the topics, includes members of our Investor Relations, Human Resources, Legal and other functions, and may also include members of the Board. During the proxy solicitation period, we may also engage with our stockholders about topics to be addressed at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our process for engaging with stockholders on governance topics and annual meeting proposals is summarized in Figure 14 below. Figure 14. Stockholder Governance Engagement Cycle Through these engagements, we receive valuable input from our stockholders, which helps us evaluate key initiatives from additional perspectives. We share the opinions and information received from our stockholders with the Board. Over the last few years, we have heard from stockholders about their views on subjects such as executive compensation, environmental, social and governance goals and related progress, culture, leadership transitions, returning capital to stockholders, director tenure, board refreshment and composition, director skills and experiences, director time commitments, political activities, AI, geopolitical considerations, and supply chain management. Understanding the feedback shared with us, we have maintained our focus on board composition and refreshment based on skills and experiences, workforce culture, pay for performance, and risk oversight. In addition, we have added additional areas of board oversight, including oversight over political activities, augmented the Board s oversight of technology strategy and risk through the creation of the board innovation and technology committee, and enhanced our proxy statement and annual Global Impact report disclosures. 22 Table of Contents We engaged in extensive stockholder outreach on governance topics, prior to and during the proxy solicitation period in 2024, and annual meeting proposals in 2024 during the proxy solicitation period, as illustrated in Figure 15 below. We have summarized our governance outreach efforts, and described the topics discussed, in Figure 15 below, as well as in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Overview of Executive Compensation 2024 Say on Pay Voting Results and Stockholder Outreach : Figure 15. 2024 Stockholder Governance Outreach Summary Topics What we heard from our stockholders in 2024 Our Perspective/How we responded Board Composition, and Governance We continued to receive positive feedback from stockholders on our board composition, structure, governance practices, refreshment, and the Board s approach to considering director skills and experiences. A small number of stockholders equate long board tenure with a lack of independence, or have more stringent policies on overboarding, especially for board chairs. Some stockholders noted expectations for higher levels of female representation on boards. We continue to refresh our Board composition while balancing the benefits that longer-tenured directors provide in the form of strong institutional knowledge of the Company and its industry. We also continue to monitor regulations, stockholder guidelines and peer practices for consideration of whether our current composition and service limitations are appropriate. Environmental, Social and Human Capital Oversight Stockholders provided favorable feedback on our comprehensive disclosures, and well-disclosed progress on our goals. Many stockholders were pleased with our customer- and supplier-focused goals and engagement, our employee engagement, development and retention practices, and the progress we made with water management, product sustainability, and Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Some stockholders expressed a desire for additional disclosures on Scope 3 goals and objectives, our supplier due diligence process, the environmental impacts of our products, and our approach to Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ( PFAS ). In our Global Impact report for calendar year 2024 (available on our website at lamresearch.com/company/environmental-social-and-governance/), we have provided further disclosures regarding our Scope 3 goals and initiatives, supplier due diligence process, our efforts to reduce our product emissions, and our approach to PFAS. AI Governance and Oversight Some stockholders asked questions regarding AI risks and opportunities, particularly related to product innovation, Board oversight of AI, and internal applications of AI tools. We have clarified in our disclosures that emerging and evolving areas of risk, such as AI, are included in our enterprise risk management system. Further, we engaged with our Board on our AI risk governance approach and updated our Board on our AI business technology framework. In addition, we continue to monitor the regulatory landscape, technological developments, and peer practices to evolve our governance framework. Executive Compensation See Compensation Discussion and Analysis Overview of Executive Compensation 2024 Say on Pay Voting Results and Stockholder Outreach beginning on page 37 . Culture and Human Capital Management We endeavor to be a great place to work globally by investing in a multi-faceted strategy that is rooted in building a safe, results-oriented, high-performance, and collaborative workplace that encourages our employees to achieve their full potential. The Board is actively engaged in overseeing our culture and the management of human capital, both directly and through its compensation and human resources committee. The compensation and human resources committee s responsibilities include organizational and people matters, including reviewing executive officer succession plans as described below, reviewing employee engagement programs, and reviewing and assisting the Board in overseeing both human capital management and our workforce. Our chief human resources officer reports to the compensation and human resources committee on at least a quarterly basis on key human capital metrics and our progress relative to our human capital goals, to assist the committee in assessing organizational health. While the metrics and areas of focus are subject to change over time, reflecting changing areas of operational focus, recently, they have included metrics and goals such as those relating to retention, hiring, organizational shape, and engagement. One of the Board s responsibilities is to oversee the performance, development, and succession of our executive talent. In addition, members of the Board support executive development through mentorship opportunities. However, the Board s involvement in people development extends beyond the executive team. The Board and the compensation and human resources committee engage with management across a broad range of human capital related topics. One of our goals is to make belonging foundational to the Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents employee experience in order to cultivate a culture of growth, support employees well-being, and ensure Lam is a place where employees feel valued and engaged. To this end, we have focused on learning and development, employee engagement and recognition, providing a comprehensive compensation and benefits package, and the health and safety of our employees. All of our named executive officers have compensation goals related to employee engagement and talent, to help ensure the members of our executive team are aligned with our corporate goals in these areas and are accountable for the results achieved (see Compensation Matters Executive Compensation and Other Information Compensation Discussion and Analysis below for more details). In addition, employee engagement and voice are important to Lam s culture. We regularly engage employees to find out what s working and how we can better meet their evolving needs. We conduct a global survey at a regular cadence to gather input from employees on culture, career opportunity, and manager effectiveness. We also solicit employee feedback through in-person and online employee forums, engagement sessions, all-employee meetings, conversations with managers, and our human resource support and employee relations teams. The Board believes that visits to our facilities and regular direct engagement with employees enable it to assess our culture first-hand. Since 2017, the Board has visited our facilities in Fremont and Livermore, California; Malaysia; Tualatin, Oregon; Taiwan; and South Korea; and regularly meets directly with employees in small groups to engage with and hear directly from them. Since August 2022, our Board has had engagement sessions with, among others, recently-hired college graduates, vice presidents, members of our employee resource groups, senior managers, executives in roles with customer interactions, and employees at our locations in Fremont, Tualatin, Malaysia, and South Korea. These surveys and engagements provide management and the Board with valuable employee feedback and help ensure the executive leadership team is focused on fostering and promoting a culture and workplace environment that is consistent with Lam s core values and with achieving our human capital and strategic goals. Our teams need a high level of expertise, varied perspectives, and complementary skill sets. To support Lam s business needs, it is important that employees feel comfortable sharing and responding to new ideas, which requires a sense of belonging, mutual trust and respect. With this in mind, we strive to align our workplace with Lam s Core Values to help us recruit, retain, and advance our employees, and promote both their professional and personal well-being. We endeavor to continuously enhance our employee development programs by expanding resources available for professional development, facilitating the creation of additional employee resource groups, providing new job rotation and mentoring programs, and expanding our management training offerings. Further, we recognize our employees for excellence and celebrate moments that matter through a variety of both in-person and virtual recognition programs. Prioritizing the health, safety, and well-being of our employees is important to our ongoing success. Through training and engagement, we seek to foster a robust safety culture, mitigating risks by implementing safety protocols and controls. Our goal is to apply our environmental, health, and safety policies, programs, and response plans ( EHS Policies ) to any location in which we operate. In addition, we seek to extend our EHS Policies to anyone who works on our sites with the intent to provide a safe environment during both routine and extraordinary circumstances. We monitor our safety performance at the enterprise, regional, and site levels. We also offer flexible work arrangements and seek to ensure our benefits support the needs of our employees and provide the resources that support our employees well-being and health. We aim to maintain and cultivate a workplace where every employee has opportunities to perform to their highest potential. Consistent with our Core Value of accountability, we regularly reflect on our progress in recruiting, hiring, and retaining a high-performing workforce. We conduct an annual compensation practices (pay equity) assessment of our pay practices and systems to promote fairness across the workforce and to ensure compliance with applicable laws. The charter of our compensation and human resources committee includes oversight responsibility for our compensation policies and practices related to pay equity laws. We maintain employment policies and procedures aimed at reinforcing our commitment to non-discrimination, a harassment-free environment, and compliance with applicable laws in our employment practices. We prohibit unlawful discrimination, harassment, and retaliation in any aspect of employment, including recruiting, hiring, promotion, compensation, and employee interactions. Our Global Employment Practices Statement declares our support of equal employment opportunities, workers rights to freedom of association, and collective bargaining, to the extent permitted under local laws. In addition, our human rights policy aims to further promote the protection, safety, and dignity of all of our employees. Our most recent EEO-1 report can be found in the environmental, social and governance section of our website at lamresearch.com/company/environmental-social-and-governance/. Our EEO-1 report shall not be deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of federal securities law, and it shall not, under any circumstances, be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s past or future SEC filings. The EEO-1 report shall not be deemed soliciting material. For further details about our human capital management, please see our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as our most recent Global Impact report. Environmental, Social and Governance Our governance framework for environmental, social and governance matters is illustrated in Figure 16 below. While our Board is actively engaged in the overall oversight of these matters, the nominating and governance committee has the primary responsibility for oversight of our priorities related to environmental, social and governance matters. For human capital and workforce-related issues, the compensation and human resources committee holds oversight responsibility. The audit committee is responsible for oversight of ethics and compliance and information security. Our executive leadership provides regular updates to the Board and its committees and engages them to discuss strategy, gain alignment on goals, and report on progress. Our CEO and members of the 24 Table of Contents CEO staff participate in our executive steering committee, which is responsible for guiding our strategy, approving and supporting initiatives, and holding business leaders accountable. Our cross-functional leadership team is responsible for proposing goals, developing and executing strategy, and embedding strategy into our operations management system. Our net zero leadership team is responsible for working with business units to integrate climate considerations into decision-making processes, driving progress on our net zero strategy, and tracking performance against our climate goals. In addition, we have topic-specific working groups to address key issues. We also tie our executive compensation program to progress on Lam s related goals to ensure that Lam s executive leaders are accountable for driving progress and are rewarded for their achievements. Figure 16. Lam s Environmental, Social and Governance Structure For more information about our environmental, social and governance efforts, including climate-related efforts, please refer to our annual Global Impact report available on our website at lamresearch.com/company/environmental-social-and-governance/. Our Global Impact report shall not be deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of federal securities law, and it shall not, under any circumstances, be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s past or future SEC filings. The Global Impact report shall not be deemed soliciting material. Lam Research Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Director Compensation Our director compensation is designed to attract and retain high-caliber directors and to align director interests with those of stockholders. The compensation and human resources committee s independent compensation consultant advises the committee with respect to non-employee director compensation and assists with the review of competitiveness of such compensation. In August 2021, our Board initially adopted our current non-employee director compensation program, which was most recently amended and approved by the Board in May 2024. The objective of the non-employee director compensation program is to target and pay the non-employee directors at the median of our Peer Group (as defined and described below under Compensation Matters Executive Compensation and Other Information Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Compensation Governance and Procedures Peer Group Practices and Survey Data ), as measured every other year. Under the non-employee director compensation program, non-employee director compensation is compared to our Peer Group annually and the results of this comparison are provided to the compensation and human resources committee in connection with its regular August meeting. Every other year, if this comparison shows any element of non-employee director compensation to be below the 50th percentile when compared to our Peer Group, this element will be automatically increased to a value equal, as nearly as practicable, to the 50th percentile, effective on the date of our next annual meeting of stockholders for service in the following calendar year (e.g., if an adjustment were made in connection with the August 2025 compensation and human resources committee meeting, then such adjustment will be effective on the date of our annual stockholder meeting in November 2025 for service in calendar year 2026). Under the program, the compensation and human resources committee has the option at any time to recommend that the Board exercise, and the Board has the right at any time to exercise, negative discretion to reduce (or to not increase) any element of non-employee director compensation. The non-executive director compensation program may be modified, replaced, superseded or canceled by the Board at any time. The elements of our non-employee director compensation are described below. In the case of Mr. Archer, our president and CEO, his executive compensation (which is described below under Compensation Matters Executive Compensation and Other Information Compensation Discussion and Analysis ) is reviewed annually by the independent members of the Board. Mr. Archer does not receive additional compensation for his service on the Board. Non-employee director compensation. Non-employee directors receive annual cash retainers and equity awards. The chair of the Board, the lead independent director (if applicable), and committee chairs and members receive additional cash retainers. Non-employee directors who join the Board or a committee mid-year receive pro-rated cash retainers and equity awards, as applicable. Our non-employee director compensation program is based on service during the calendar year; however, SEC rules require us to report compensation in this proxy statement on a fiscal year basis. Cash compensation paid to non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2025, together with the annual cash compensation program components in effect for calendar years 2025 and 2024, is shown below. Figure 17. Director Annual Retainers Annual Retainers (1) Calendar Year 2025 ($) Calendar Year 2024 ($) Fiscal Year 2025 ($) Non-employee Director 100,000 100,000 100,000 Chair 152,500 152,500 152,500 Audit Committee Chair 35,000 35,000 35,000 Audit Committee Member 15,000 15,000 15,000 Compensation and Human Resources Committee Chair 30,000 30,000 30,000 Compensation and Human Resources Committee Member 10,000 10,000 10,000 Innovation and Technology Committee Chair 20,000 20,000 20,000 Innovation and Technology Committee Member 10,000 10,000 10,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Chair 20,000 20,000 20,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Member 10,000 10,000 10,000 (1) Each Director is entitled to an annual non-employee director cash retainer. Directors are also entitled to supplemental retainer fees if they have board leadership positions (e.g., chair) and/or are either committee chairs or members. Each non-employee director also receives an annual equity award on the first Friday following the annual meeting. For the equity awards granted in November 2024, these had a targeted grant date value equal to $230,000 (the number of RSUs subject to the award is determined by dividing $230,000 by the 30 trading day average of the closing price of our common stock prior to the date of grant, rounded down to the nearest whole share). These awards generally vest on October 31 in the year following the grant and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, or other equity plan (the Equity Plan ), and the applicable award agreements. These awards immediately vest in full: (1) if a non-employee director dies or becomes subject to a disability (as determined pursuant to the Equity Plan), (2) upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction 26 Table of Contents (as defined in the Equity Plan), or (3) on the date of the annual meeting, if the annual meeting during the year in which the award was expected to vest occurs prior to the vest date and the non-employee director is not re-elected or retires or resigns effective immediately prior to the annual meeting. Non-employee directors who commence service after the annual equity award has b