=== LRCX_2025-08-11.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“2025 Form 10-K”), the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because such factors may significantly impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. As a result of these risk factors, as well as other risks discussed in our other SEC filings, our actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. No priority or significance is intended by, nor should be attached to, the order in which the risk factors appear. INDUSTRY AND CUSTOMER RISKS We Depend on Creating New Products and Processes and Enhancing Existing Products and Processes for Our Success; Consequently, We Are Subject to Risks Associated with Rapid Technological Change Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop technological advances that enable those processes. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. If new products or existing products have reliability, quality, design, or safety problems, our performance may be impacted by reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance of and payment for new products, and additional service and warranty expenses. We may be unable to develop and manufacture products successfully, or products that we introduce may fail in the marketplace. For more than 25 years, the primary driver of technology advancement in the semiconductor industry has been to shrink the lithography that prints the circuit design on semiconductor chips. That driver could be approaching its technological limit, leading semiconductor manufacturers to investigate more complex changes in multiple technologies in an effort to continue technology development. In addition, the emergence of “big data” and new tools such as machine learning and artificial intelligence (“AI”) that capitalize on the availability of large data sets is leading semiconductor manufacturers and equipment manufacturers to pursue new products and approaches that exploit those tools to advance technology development. In the face of uncertainty on which technology solutions will become successful, we will need to focus our efforts on developing the technology changes that are ultimately successful in supporting our customers’ requirements. Our failure to develop and offer the correct technology solutions in a timely manner with productive and cost-effective products could adversely affect our business in a material way. Our failure to commercialize new products in a timely manner could result in loss of market share, unanticipated costs, and inventory obsolescence, which would adversely affect our financial results. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 12 Table of Contents In order to develop new products and processes and enhance existing products and processes, we expect to continue to make significant investments in R&D, to investigate the acquisition of products and technologies, to invest in or acquire businesses or technologies, and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers, or other members of the industry. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We may find that acquisitions are not available to us, for regulatory or other reasons, and that we must therefore limit ourselves to collaboration and joint venture development activities that do not have the same benefits as acquisitions. Pursuing development through collaboration and/or joint development activities rather than through an acquisition may pose substantial challenges for management, including those related to aligning business objectives; sharing confidential information, intellectual property and data; sharing value with third parties; and realizing synergies that might have been available in an acquisition but are not available through a joint development project. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products and certain jointly developed technologies may be subject to restrictions on our ability to share that technology, which could limit our market for products incorporating those technologies. Future technologies, processes, or product developments may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products, obsolete inventory, or both. Moreover, customers may adopt new technologies or processes to address the complex challenges associated with next-generation devices. This shift may result in a reduction in the size of our addressable markets or could increase the relative size of markets in which we either do not compete or have relatively low market share. We Face a Challenging and Complex Competitive Environment We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and our competitors may be able to develop products comparable or superior to those we offer or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. In particular, while we continue to develop product enhancements that we believe will address future customer requirements, we may fail in a timely manner to identify those future customer requirements, to devote appropriate resources to developing products to address those requirements, or to complete the development or introduction of these additional product enhancements successfully, or these product enhancements may not achieve market acceptance or be competitive. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may be unable to continue to compete successfully in our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial condition, and/or cash flows. With increased consolidation efforts in our industry, as well as the emergence and strengthening of new, regional competitors, we may face increasing competitive pressures. Other companies continue to develop systems and/or acquire businesses and products that are competitive to ours and may introduce new products and product capabilities that may affect our ability to sell and support our existing products. We face a greater risk if our competitors enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers covering products similar to those we sell or may develop, as this could adversely affect our ability to sell products to those manufacturers. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers’ needs, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R&D. Technological changes and developing technologies have required, and are expected to continue to require, new and costly investments. Certain of our competitors, including those that are created and financially backed by foreign governments, have substantially greater financial resources and more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support resources than we do and therefore have the potential to offer customers a more comprehensive array of products and/or product capabilities and to therefore achieve additional relative success in the semiconductor equipment industry. These competitors may deeply discount or give away products similar to those that we sell, challenging or even exceeding our ability to make similar accommodations and threatening our ability to sell those products. We also face competition from our own customers, who in some instances have established affiliated entities that manufacture equipment similar to ours. In addition, we face competition from companies that exist in a more favorable legal or regulatory environment than we do, who are able to sell products for certain applications at certain customers that we are prohibited from selling to under applicable export controls, allowing the freedom of action in ways that we may be unable to match and potentially contributing to the strengthening of such companies’ ability to compete with us. In many cases, speed to solution is necessary for customer satisfaction and our competitors may be better positioned to achieve these objectives. For these reasons, we may fail to continue to compete successfully worldwide. Once a Semiconductor Manufacturer Commits to Purchase a Competitor’s Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment, the Manufacturer Typically Continues to Purchase That Competitor’s Equipment, Making It More Difficult for Us to Sell Our Equipment to That Customer Semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate wafer processing equipment into a semiconductor production line. We believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier’s processing equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line application for an extended period of time, especially for customers that are more focused on tool reuse. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer for a product line application if that customer initially selects a competitor’s equipment for the same product line application. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 13 Table of Contents The Semiconductor Capital Equipment Industry Is Subject to Variability and Periods of Rapid Growth or Decline; We Therefore Face Risks Related to Our Strategic Resource Allocation Decisions The semiconductor capital equipment industry has historically been characterized by rapid changes in demand. Variability in our customers’ business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. The variability in our customers’ investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors, including, but not limited to, electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers’ ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities, which can be made more challenging due to the multi-year nature of investments made in certain technology programs and other initiatives. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we may face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure and facilities, work force, and other components of our business on a timely basis. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of increasing or declining demand, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth, or we may expand our capacity and resources too rapidly and/or beyond what is appropriate for the actual demand environment, resulting in excess fixed costs. Especially during transitional periods, resource allocation decisions can have a significant impact on our future performance, particularly if we have not accurately anticipated industry changes. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Future Declines in the Semiconductor Industry, and the Overall World Economic Conditions on Which It Is Significantly Dependent, Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. With the consolidation of customers within the industry, the semiconductor capital equipment market may experience rapid changes in demand driven both by changes in the market generally and the plans and requirements of particular customers. The economic, regulatory, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and services and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times of economic uncertainty, our customers’ budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, changing economic, regulatory, political or business conditions can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition, including, but not limited to: • a decline in demand for our products and/or services; • an increase in reserves on accounts receivable due to our customers’ inability to pay us; • an increase in reserves on inventory balances due to excess or obsolete inventory as a result of our inability to sell such inventory; • valuation allowances on deferred tax assets; • restructuring charges; • asset impairments including the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; • a decline in the value of our investments; • exposure to claims from our suppliers for payment on inventory that is ordered in anticipation of customer purchases that do not come to fruition; and • challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply. Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating results, and earnings. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams, which sometimes result in restructuring charges. Even during periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. We Have a Limited Number of Key Customers Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall shipments, revenue, cash flows and profitability. As a result, the actions of even one customer may subject us to variability in those areas that is difficult to predict. In addition, large customers may be able to negotiate requirements that result in decreased pricing, increased costs, and/or lower margins for us and limitations on our ability to share technology with others. Similarly, significant portions of our credit risk may, at any given time, be concentrated among a limited number of customers so that the failure of even one of these key customers to pay its obligations to us could significantly impact our financial results. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 14 Table of Contents Strategic Alliances and Customer Consolidation May Have Negative Effects on Our Business Semiconductor manufacturing companies from time to time enter into strategic alliances or consolidate with one another to expedite the development of processes and other manufacturing technologies and/or achieve economies of scale. The outcomes of such an alliance can be the definition of a particular tool set for a certain function and/or the standardization of a series of process steps that use a specific set of manufacturing equipment. In addition, the outcomes of consolidation can potentially lead to an overall reduction in the market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment as customers’ operations achieve economies of scale and/or increased purchasing power based on their higher volumes. In certain instances, this could work to our disadvantage if a competitor’s tools or equipment become the standard equipment for such functions or processes. Additional outcomes of such consolidation may include our customers re-evaluating their future supplier relationships to consider our competitors’ products and/or gaining additional influence over the pricing of products and the control of intellectual property or data. Similarly, our customers may partner with, or follow the lead of, educational or research institutions that establish processes for accomplishing various tasks or manufacturing steps. If those institutions utilize a competitor’s equipment when they establish those processes, it is likely that customers will tend to use the same equipment in setting up their own manufacturing lines. Even if they select our equipment, the institutions and the customers that follow their lead could impose conditions on acceptance of that equipment, such as adherence to standards and requirements or limitations on how we license our proprietary rights, that increase our costs or require us to take on greater risk. These actions could adversely impact our market share and financial results. BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS Our Revenues and Operating Results Are Variable Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year due to a number of factors, not all of which are in our control. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, and a certain amount of those expenses are relatively fixed, a change in the timing of recognition of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter or year. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include, but are not limited to: • legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory changes (including, but not limited to, changes in import/export regulations and tariffs, such as regulations imposed by the U.S. government restricting exports to China, or potential additional tariffs on imports, and tariffs imposed by other countries) or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing requirements; • macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, including those caused by war, conflict in the Middle East, bank failures; uncertainty regarding economic and other policies and priorities; and geopolitical issues; • the impact of reductions in government spending; • changes in average selling prices, customer mix, and product mix; • foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; • economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries in general and specifically the semiconductor equipment industry; • the size and timing of orders from customers; • changes in our deferred revenue balance, including as a result of factors such as volume purchase agreements, multi-year service contracts, back orders, and down payments toward purchases; • consolidation of the customer base, which may result in the investment decisions of one customer or market having a significant effect on demand for our products or services; • procurement shortages; • the failure of our suppliers or outsource providers to perform their obligations in a manner consistent with our expectations; • manufacturing difficulties; • customer cancellations or delays in shipments, installations, customer payments, and/or customer acceptances; • the extent that customers continue to purchase and use our products and services in their business; • our customers’ reuse of existing and installed products, to the extent that such reuse decreases their need to purchase new products or services; • our ability to develop, introduce, and market new, enhanced, and competitive products in a timely manner; • our competitors’ introduction of new products; • legal or technical challenges to our products and technologies; • transportation, communication, demand, information technology, or supply disruptions based on factors outside our control, such as strikes, acts of God, wars, terrorist activities, international conflict, widespread outbreak of illness, or natural or man-made disasters (including disasters resulting from climate change), including earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, flooding, and heat waves; • management of supply chain risks; • effects of inflation or interest rates; and • changes in our estimated effective tax rate. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 15 Table of Contents Our Business Relies on Technology, Data, Intellectual Property and Other Sensitive Information That is Susceptible to Cybersecurity and Other Threats or Incidents Our business is dependent upon the use and protection of technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information, which may be owned by, or licensed to, us or third parties, such as our customers and vendors. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the creation, transmission, use and storage of much of this information, and for the effective operation of our business. These information systems include, but are not limited to, telecommunications, the Internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications (some of which may be integrated into the products that we sell or be required in order to provide the services that we offer), network communications, and email. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsourced providers, or third parties such as vendors, contractors, customers and Cloud providers. In addition, we make use of Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) products for certain important business functions that are provided by third parties and hosted on their own networks and servers, or third-party networks and servers, all of which rely on networks, email and/or the Internet for their function. The technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information we seek to protect are subject to loss, release, misappropriation or misuse, and the information systems containing or transmitting such technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information are subject to disruption, breach or failure, in each case as a result of various possible causes, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. Such causes may include mistakes or unauthorized actions by our employees or contractors, phishing schemes and other third-party attacks, and degradation or loss of service or access to data due to viruses, malware, denial of service attacks, destructive or inadequate code, power failures, or physical damage to computers, hard drives, communication lines, or networking equipment, in each case with respect to us or the third-party product and service providers upon which we rely. Such causes may also include the use of techniques that change frequently or may be disguised or difficult to detect, or designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, or that may continue undetected for an extended period of time. In addition, to the extent AI capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted, they may be used to identify vulnerabilities and to implement increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Further, the use of AI by us, our customers, suppliers, and third-party providers, among others, may also introduce unique vulnerabilities whose existence or exploitation could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. We experience cybersecurity and other threats and incidents in the course of our operations. Although past threats and incidents have not resulted in a material adverse effect, we may incur material losses related to cybersecurity and other threats or incidents in the future. Cybersecurity or other incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business. Such adverse effects might include: • loss of (or inability to access, e.g. through ransomware) confidential and/or sensitive information stored on these critical information systems or transmitted to or from those systems; • the disruption of the proper function of our products, services and/or operations; • the failure of our or our customers’ manufacturing processes; • errors in the output of our work or our customers’ work; • the loss or public exposure of the personal or other confidential information of our employees, customers or other parties; • the public release of customer financial and business plans, customer orders and operational results; • exposure to claims from our employees or third parties who are adversely impacted by such incidents; • misappropriation or theft of our or a customer’s, supplier’s or other party’s assets or resources, including technology, data, intellectual property or other sensitive information and costs associated therewith; • reputational damage; • diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering; or • our failure to meet, or violation of, regulatory or other legal obligations, such as the timely publication or filing of financial statements, tax information, and other required communications. While we have implemented International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) 27001 compliant security procedures and virus protection software, intrusion prevention systems, identity and access control, and emergency recovery processes, and we carefully select our third-party providers of information systems, to mitigate risks to the information systems that we rely on and to the technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information we seek to protect, those security procedures and mitigation and protection systems cannot be guaranteed to be fail-safe, and we may still suffer cybersecurity and other incidents, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. It has been difficult and may continue to be difficult to hire and retain employees with substantial cybersecurity acumen. In addition, there have been and may continue to be instances of our policies and procedures not being effective in enabling us to identify risks, threats and incidents in a timely manner, or at all, or to respond expediently, appropriately and effectively when incidents occur and repair any damage caused by such incidents, and such occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our Future Success Depends Heavily on International Sales and the Management of Global Operations Non-U.S. sales, as reflected in Part II Item 7. Results of Operations of this 2025 Form 10-K, accounted for approximately 93%, 93%, and 91% of total revenue in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a substantial majority of our total revenue in future years. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 16 Table of Contents We are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations including, but not limited to: • domestic and international trade regulations, policies, practices, relations, disputes and issues; • domestic and international tariffs, export controls and other barriers; • developing customers and/or suppliers, who may have limited access to capital resources; • global or national economic and political conditions; • changes in currency controls; • differences in the enforcement of intellectual property and contract rights in varying jurisdictions; • our ability to respond to customer and foreign government demands for locally sourced systems, spare parts, and services and develop the necessary relationships with local suppliers; • changes in and compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting foreign operations, including U.S. and international trade restrictions and sanctions, international data privacy regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-boycott, environmental, tax, and labor laws; • fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates; • the need for technical support resources in different locations; and • our ability to secure and retain qualified people, and effectively manage people, in all necessary locations for the successful operation of our business. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among the world’s major trading nations, that political, diplomatic and national security influences can lead to trade disputes, impacts and/or disruptions, in particular those affecting the semiconductor industry. This can adversely affect our business with China, Japan, Korea, and/or Taiwan and perhaps the entire Asia Pacific region or global economy. A significant trade dispute, impact, and/or disruption in any area where we do business could have a materially adverse impact on our future revenue and profits. Tariffs, export controls, additional taxes, trade barriers, sanctions, the termination or modification of trade agreements, trade zones, and other duty mitigation initiatives, and any reciprocal retaliatory actions, can increase our manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, disrupt our supply chain operations, or inhibit our ability to sell products or provide services, 

=== LRCX_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information in this Form 10-Q, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because the occurrence of any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and price of our Common Stock, and they could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present a material risk to us and our business. Therefore, the following discussion of risk factors should not be considered a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. No priority or significance is intended by, nor should be attached to, the order in which the risk factors appear. INDUSTRY AND CUSTOMER RISKS We Depend on Creating New Products and Processes and Enhancing Existing Products and Processes for Our Success; Consequently, We Are Subject to Risks Associated with Rapid Technological Change Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop technological advances that enable those processes. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. If new products or existing products have reliability, quality, design, or safety problems, our performance may be impacted by reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance of and payment for new products, additional service and warranty expenses, and loss of market share. If we are unable to develop and manufacture products successfully, or the products that we introduce fail in the marketplace, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. For more than 25 years, the primary driver of technology advancement in the semiconductor industry has been to shrink the lithography that prints the circuit design on semiconductor chips. That driver could be approaching its technological limit, leading semiconductor manufacturers to investigate more complex changes in multiple technologies in an effort to continue technology development. In addition, the emergence of “big data” and new tools such as machine learning and AI that capitalize on the availability of large data sets is leading semiconductor manufacturers and equipment manufacturers to pursue new products and approaches that exploit those tools to advance technology development. In the face of uncertainty on which technology solutions will become successful, we will need to focus our efforts on developing the technology changes that are ultimately successful in supporting our customers’ requirements. Our failure to develop and offer the correct technology solutions in a timely manner with productive and cost-effective products could adversely affect our business in a material way. Our failure to commercialize new products in a timely manner could result in loss of market share, unanticipated costs, and inventory obsolescence, which would adversely affect our financial results. In order to develop new products and processes and enhance existing products and processes, we expect to continue to make significant investments in R&D, to investigate the acquisition of products and technologies, to invest in or acquire businesses or technologies, and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers, or other members of the industry. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We may find that acquisitions are not available to us, for regulatory or other reasons, and that we must therefore limit ourselves to collaboration and joint venture development activities that do not have the same benefits as acquisitions. Pursuing development through collaboration and/or joint development activities rather than through an acquisition may pose substantial challenges for management, including those related to aligning business objectives; sharing confidential information, intellectual property and data; sharing value with third parties; and realizing synergies that might have been available in an acquisition but are not available through a joint development project. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products and certain jointly developed technologies may be subject to restrictions on our ability to share that technology, which could limit our market for products incorporating those technologies. Future technologies, processes, or product developments, including as a result of adoption of AI, may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products, obsolete inventory, or both. Moreover, customers may adopt new technologies or processes to address the complex challenges associated with next-generation devices, or may adopt new technologies, including those based upon AI, that reduce their reliance on us for process development. This shift could reduce the size of our addressable markets, increase the relative size of markets in which we either do not compete or have relatively low market share, or reduce our competitiveness within the markets in which we do compete. Lam Research Corporation 2026 Q3 10-Q 26 Table of Contents We Face a Challenging and Complex Competitive Environment We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and our competitors may be able to develop products comparable or superior to those we offer or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. In particular, while we continue to develop product enhancements that we believe will address future customer requirements, we may fail in a timely manner to identify those future customer requirements, to devote appropriate resources to developing products to address those requirements, or to complete the development or introduction of these additional product enhancements successfully, or these product enhancements may not achieve market acceptance or be competitive. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may be unable to continue to compete successfully in our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial condition, and/or cash flows. With increased consolidation efforts in our industry, as well as the emergence and strengthening of new, regional competitors and the potentially disruptive impact of AI, we may face increasing competitive pressures. Other companies continue to develop systems and/or acquire businesses and products that are competitive to ours and may introduce new products and product capabilities that may affect our ability to sell and support our existing products. We face a greater risk if our competitors enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers covering products similar to those we sell or may develop, as this could adversely affect our ability to sell products to those manufacturers. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet o