=== LRCX_2025-08-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A and elsewhere in this report and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), such as our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. Such risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this report and in ways not readily foreseeable. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof and are based on information currently and reasonably known to us. We do not undertake any obligation to release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence or effect of anticipated or unanticipated events. Item 1. Business Incorporated in 1980, Lam Research Corporation ( Lam Research, Lam, we, our, us, or the Company ) is a Delaware corporation, headquartered in Fremont, California. We maintain a network of facilities throughout Asia, Europe, and the United States in order to meet the needs of our dynamic customer base. Additional information about Lam Research is available on our website at www.lamresearch.com. The content on any website referred to in this Form 10-K is not a part of or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K unless expressly noted. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, Current Reports on Forms 8-K, Proxy Statements and all other filings we make with the SEC are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practical after we file them with or furnish them to the SEC and are also available online at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 3 Table of Contents The Lam Research logo, Lam Research, and all product and service names used in this report are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Lam Research Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other marks mentioned herein are the property of their respective holders. We are a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry. We have built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas such as nanoscale manufacturing enablement, chemistry, plasma and fluidics, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our products and services are designed to help our customers build smaller and better performing devices that are used in a variety of electronic products, including mobile phones, personal computers, cloud and enterprise servers, wearables, automotive vehicles, and data storage devices. Our customer base includes leading semiconductor memory, foundry, and integrated device manufacturers ( IDMs ) that make products such as non-volatile memory ( NVM ), dynamic random-access memory ( DRAM ), and logic devices. Their continued success is part of our commitment to driving semiconductor breakthroughs that define the next generation. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control enabling results on the wafer. Semiconductor manufacturing, our customers business, involves the fabrication of multiple dies or integrated circuits ( ICs ) on a wafer. This involves the repetition of a set of core processes and can require hundreds of individual steps. Fabricating these devices requires a sequence of highly sophisticated process technologies to integrate an increasing array of new materials with precise control at the atomic scale. Along with meeting technical requirements, wafer processing equipment must deliver high productivity and be cost-effective. Demand from cloud computing (the Cloud ) , artificial intelligence, 5G, the Internet of Things ( IoT ), and other markets is driving the need for increasingly powerful and cost - efficient semiconductors. At the same time, there are growing technical challenges with traditional two-dimensional scaling. These trends are driving significant inflections in semiconductor manufacturing, such as the increasing importance of vertical scaling strategies like three-dimensional ( 3D ) architecture as well as multiple patterning to enable shrinks. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and expertise in deposition , etch, and clean markets to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: (i) our focus on research and development, with several on-going programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; (ii) our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; (iii) our collaborative focus with semi-ecosystem partners, including our close-to-customer focus; (iv) our ability to identify and invest in the breadth of our product portfolio to meet technology inflections; and (v) our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam s solutions to our customers. We also address processes for back-end wafer-level packaging ( WLP ), which is an alternative to traditional wire bonding and can offer a smaller form factor, increased interconnect speed and bandwidth, and lower power consumption, among other benefits. We offer advanced packaging solutions that support fan-out panel-level packaging, a process in which chips or chiplets are cut from a large format substrate sheet several times the size of a traditional silicon wafer, which increases yield and reduces waste and solutions that meet the need for 3D stacking of high bandwidth memory ( HBM ). In addition, our products are well-suited for related markets that rely on semiconductor processes and require production-proven manufacturing capability, such as complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor image sensors ( CIS ) and micro-electromechanical systems ( MEMS ). Our Customer Support Business Group ( CSBG ) provides products and services to maximize installed equipment performance, predictability, and operational efficiency. We offer a broad range of services to deliver value throughout the lifecycle of our equipment, including customer service, spares, upgrades, and new and refurbished non-leading edge products in our deposition, etch, and clean markets. Many of the technical advances that we introduce in our newest products are also available as upgrades, which provide customers with a cost-effective strategy for extending the performance and capabilities of their existing wafer fabrication lines. Service offerings include fleet level Equipment Intelligence solutions to maximize the productivity of our customers through system uptime or availability optimization, throughput improvements, and defect reduction. Our spares product line offers running cost optimization programs and focuses on product life extension to help customers increase the return on their capital purchases. Additionally, within CSBG, our Reliant product line offers new and refurbished non-leading edge products in deposition, etch and clean markets for those applications that do not require the most advanced wafer processing capability. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 4 Table of Contents Products Market Process/Application Technology Products Deposition Metal Films Electrochemical Deposition ( ECD ) (Copper Other) SABRE family Chemical Vapor Deposition ( CVD ) Atomic Layer Deposition ( ALD ) (Tungsten Molybdenum) ALTUS family Dielectric Films Plasma-enhanced CVD ( PECVD ) ALD Gapfill High-Density Plasma CVD ( HDP-CVD ) VECTOR family Striker family SPEED family Etch Conductor Etch Reactive Ion Etch Kiyo family, Versys Metal family Dielectric Etch Reactive Ion Etch Flex family Vantex family Through-silicon Via ( TSV ) Etch Deep Reactive Ion Etch Syndion family Clean Wafer Cleaning Wet Clean EOS , DV-Prime , Da Vinci , SP Series Bevel Cleaning Dry Plasma Clean Coronus family Deposition Processes and Product Families Deposition processes create layers of dielectric (insulating) and metal (conducting) materials used to build a semiconductor device. Depending on the type of material and structure being made, different techniques are employed. Electrochemical deposition creates the copper wiring (interconnect) that links devices in an integrated circuit ( IC or chip ). Plating of copper and other metals is also used for TSV and WLP applications. Tiny molybdenum or tungsten connectors and thin barriers are made with the precision of chemical vapor deposition and atomic layer deposition, which adds only a few layers of atoms at a time. Plasma-enhanced CVD, high-density plasma CVD, and ALD are used to form the critical insulating layers that isolate and protect all of these electrical structures. Lastly, post-deposition treatments such as ultraviolet thermal processing are used to improve dielectric film properties. ALTUS Product Family Tungsten and/or molybdenum deposition is used to form conductive features such as contacts, vias, and wordlines on a chip. These features are small, often narrow, and use only a small amount of metal, so minimizing resistance and achieving complete fill can be difficult. At these nanoscale dimensions, even slight imperfections can impact device performance or cause a chip to fail. Our ALTUS systems combine CVD and ALD technologies to deposit the highly conformal or selective films as needed for advanced tungsten or molybdenum metallization (ALTUS Halo) applications in both logic and memory. The Multi-Station Sequential Deposition architecture enables nucleation layer formation and bulk CVD/ALD fill to be performed in the same chamber ( in situ ). Our ALD technologies are used in the deposition of barrier films to achieve high step coverage with reduced thickness at lower temperatures relative to a conventional process. SABRE Product Family Copper deposition lays down the electrical wiring for most semiconductor devices. Even the smallest defect - say, a microscopic pinhole or dust particle - in these conductive structures can impact device performance, from loss of speed to complete failure. The SABRE ECD product family, which helped pioneer the copper interconnect transition, offers the precision needed for copper damascene manufacturing in logic and memory. System capabilities include cobalt deposition for logic applications and copper deposition directly on various liner materials, which is important for next-generation metallization schemes. For advanced packaging applications, such as forming conductive bumps, redistribution layers, TSV filing, and wafer level bonding, the SABRE 3D family combines Lam s SABRE Electrofill technology with additional innovation to deliver the high-quality films needed at high productivity. The modular architecture can be configured with multiple plating and pre/post-treatment cells, providing flexibility to address a variety of packaging applications, including HBM. SPEED Product Family Dielectric gapfill processes deposit critical insulation layers between conductive and/or active areas by filling openings of various aspect ratios between conducting lines and between devices. With advanced devices, the structures being filled can be very tall and narrow. As a result, high-quality dielectric films are especially important due to the ever-increasing possibility of cross-talk and device failure. Our SPEED HDP-CVD products provide a multiple dielectric film solution for high-quality gapfill with industry-leading throughput and reliability. SPEED products have excellent particle performance, and their design allows large batch sizes between cleans and faster cleans. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 5 Table of Contents Striker Product Family The latest memory, logic, and imaging devices require extremely thin, highly conformal dielectric films for continued device performance improvement and scaling. For example, ALD films are critical for low-k spacers for device power consumption/speed, dielectric gapfills in high aspect ratio features for isolation and device performance, as well as for spacer-based multiple patterning schemes where the spacers help define critical dimensions. These applications have little tolerance for voids and even the smallest defect. The Striker single-wafer ALD products provide dielectric film solutions for these challenging requirements through application-specific material, process and hardware options that deliver film technology and defect performance. VECTOR Product Family Dielectric film deposition processes are used to form some of the most difficult-to-produce insulating layers in a semiconductor device, including those used in the latest transistors and 3D structures. In some applications, these films require dielectric films to be exceptionally uniform and defect free since slight imperfections are multiplied greatly in subsequent layers. Our VECTOR PECVD products are designed to provide the performance and flexibility needed to create these enabling structures within a wide range of challenging device applications. As a result of its design, VECTOR produces superior thin film quality, along with exceptional within-wafer and wafer-to-wafer uniformity. Etch Processes and Product Families Etch processes create chip features by selectively removing dielectric, metal, silicon and poly silicon materials, including films that have been added during deposition. Reactive ion etch processing enables device-critical formation steps to enable transistor performance, create storage capacitors, and memory cells. Low temperature, cryogenic etching enables the use of new, novel chemistries to deliver increased high aspect ratio etch capability. Flex Product Family Dielectric etch carves patterns in insulating materials to create barriers between the electrically conductive parts of a semiconductor device. For advanced devices, these structures can be extremely tall and thin and involve complex, sensitive materials. Slight deviations from the target feature profile - even at the atomic level - can negatively affect electrical properties of the device. To precisely create these challenging structures, our Flex product family offers differentiated technologies and application-focused capabilities for critical dielectric etch applications. Uniformity, repeatability, and tunability are enabled by a unique multi-frequency, small-volume, confined plasma design. Flex offers in situ multi-step etch and continuous plasma capability that delivers high productivity with low defectivity. Vantex Product Family Dielectric etch processes remove non-conductive materials during the manufacturing of a semiconductor device. Leading-edge memory devices have especially challenging structures, such as extremely deep holes and trenches, that must be manufactured with tight tolerances. Our latest dielectric etch system, Vantex creates high aspect ratio device features while maintaining critical dimension ( CD ) uniformity and selectivity. Vantex is part of our Sense.i platform and offers advanced RF technology and repeatable wafer-to-wafer performance enabled by Equipment Intelligence solutions to meet the needs of advanced memory manufacturing, primarily in 3D NAND high aspect ratio hole, trench, contact, and capacitor cell applications. Kiyo Product Family Conductor etch helps shape the electrically active materials used in the parts of a semiconductor device. Even a slight variation in these miniature structures can degrade device performance. In fact, these structures are so tiny and sensitive that etch processes push the boundaries of the basic laws of physics and chemistry. Our Kiyo product family delivers the high-performance capabilities needed to precisely and consistently form these features precisely and with high productivity. Proprietary Hydra technology in Kiyo products improves CD uniformity by correcting for incoming pattern variability, and atomic-scale variability control with production-worthy throughput. Syndion Product Family Plasma etch processes used to remove silicon and other materials deep into the wafer are collectively referred to as deep silicon etch. These may be deep trenches for CMOS image sensors, trenches for power and other devices, TSVs for HBM and advanced packaging, and other high aspect ratio features. These are created by etching through multiple materials sequentially, where each new material involves a change in the etch process. The Syndion etch product family is optimized for deep silicon etch, providing the fast process switching with depth and cross-wafer uniformity control required to achieve precision etch results. The systems support both conventional single-step etch and rapidly alternating process, which minimizes damage and delivers precise depth uniformity. Versys Metal Product Family Metal etch processes play a key role in connecting the individual components that form an IC, such as forming wires and electrical connections. These processes can also be used to drill through metal hardmasks that are used to form the wiring for advanced devices. To enable these critical etch steps, the Versys Metal product family provides high-productivity capability on a flexible Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 6 Table of Contents platform. Superior CD, profile uniformity, and uniformity control are enabled by a symmetrical chamber design with independent process tuning features. Clean Processes and Product Families Clean techniques are used between manufacturing steps to clear away particles, contaminants, residues and other unwanted material that could later lead to defects and to prepare the wafer surface for subsequent processing. Wet processing technologies can be used for wafer cleaning and etch applications. Plasma bevel cleaning is used to enhance die yield by removing unwanted materials from the wafer s edge that could impact the device area. Coronus Product Family Bevel cleaning removes unwanted masks, residues, and films from the edge of a wafer between manufacturing steps. If not cleaned, these materials become defect sources. For instance, they can flake off and re-deposit on the device area during subsequent processes. Even a single particle that lands on a critical part of a device can ruin the entire chip. By inserting bevel clean processes at strategic points, these potential defect sources can be eliminated and more functional chips produced. By combining the precise control and flexibility of plasma with technology that protects the active die area, the Coronus bevel clean family cleans the wafer s edge to enhance die yield. The systems provide active die area protection by using plasma processing with proprietary confinement technology. Applications include post-etch, pre- and post-deposition, pre-lithography, and metal film removal to prevent arcing during plasma etch or deposition steps. DV-Prime , Da Vinci , EOS , and SP Series Product Families Wafer cleaning is performed repeatedly during semiconductor device manufacturing and is a critical process that affects product yield and reliability. Unwanted microscopic materials - some no bigger than the tiny structures themselves - need to be cleaned effectively. At the same time, these processes must selectively remove residues that are chemically similar to the device films. For advanced WLP, the wet clean steps used between processes that form the package and external wiring have surprisingly complex requirements. These processes are called on to completely remove specific materials and leave other fragile structures undisturbed. In IoT products that include power devices, MEMS and image sensors, there is a unique requirement for wafer backside wet etch to uniformly thin the silicon wafer while protecting the device side of the wafer. Based on our pioneering single-wafer spin technology, the DV-Prime and Da Vinci products provide the process flexibility needed with high productivity to address a wide range of wafer cleaning steps throughout the manufacturing process flow. As the latest of Lam s wet clean products, EOS delivers exceptionally low on-wafer defectivity and high throughput to address progressively demanding wafer cleaning applications. With a broad range of process capability, our SP Series products deliver cost-efficient, production-proven wet clean and silicon wet etch solutions for challenging WLP and IoT applications. Fiscal Periods Presented All references to fiscal years apply to our fiscal years, which ended June 29, 2025, June 30, 2024, and June 25, 2023. Research and Development The market for semiconductor capital equipment is characterized by rapid technological change and product innovation. Our ability to achieve and maintain our competitive advantage depends in part on our continued and timely development of new products and enhancements to existing products. Accordingly, we devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial resources to research and development ( R D ) programs and seek to maintain close and responsive relationships with our customers and suppliers. We believe current challenges for customers at various points in the semiconductor manufacturing process present opportunities for us. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in R D to meet our customers product needs, support our growth strategy, and enhance our competitive position. Marketing, Sales, and Service Our marketing, sales, and service efforts are focused on building long-term relationships with our customers and targeting product and service solutions designed to meet their needs. These efforts are supported by a team of product marketing and sales professionals as well as equipment and process engineers who work closely with individual customers to develop solutions for their wafer processing needs. We maintain ongoing service relationships with our customers and have an extensive network of service engineers in place throughout the United States ( U.S. ), China, Europe, India, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia, and Taiwan. We believe that comprehensive support programs and close working relationships with customers are essential to maintaining high customer satisfaction and our competitiveness in the marketplace. We provide standard warranties for our systems. The warranty provides that systems will be free from defects in material and workmanship and will conform to agreed-upon specifications. The warranty is limited to repair of the defect or replacement with new or like-new equivalent goods and is valid when the buyer provides prompt notification within the warranty period of the claimed defect or non-conformity and also makes the items available for inspection and repair. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 7 Table of Contents International Sales A significant portion of our sales and operations occur outside the United States and, therefore, may be subject to certain risks, including but not limited to compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including U.S. export restrictions; tariffs and other barriers; difficulties in staffing and managing non-U.S. operations; adverse tax consequences; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; changes in currency controls; and economic and political conditions. Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations and cash flows. For geographical reporting, revenue is attributed to the geographic location in which the customers facilities are located. Refer to Note 19 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this 2025 Form 10-K, for the attribution of revenue by geographic region. Long-lived Assets Refer to Note 19 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this 2025 Form 10-K, for information concerning the geographic locations of long-lived assets. Customers Our customers include many of the world s leading semiconductor manufacturers. Customers continue to establish joint ventures, alliances, and licensing arrangements which have the potential to positively or negatively impact our competitive position and market opportunities. Refer to Note 9 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this report, for information concerning customer concentrations. Our most significant customers during the fiscal years ending June 29, 2025, June 30, 2024, and June 25, 2023 included Samsung Electronics Company, Ltd. and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company. A material reduction in orders from our customers could adversely affect our results of operations and projected financial condition. Our business depends upon the expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers. Semiconductor manufacturers businesses, in turn, depend on many factors, including their economic capability, the current and anticipated market demand for ICs, and the availability of equipment capacity to support that demand. Manufacturing Our manufacturing operations mainly consist of assembling and testing components, sub-assemblies, and modules that are then integrated into finished systems prior to shipment to or at the location of our customers. The assembly and testing of our products is conducted predominately in cleanroom environments. We have agreements with third parties to outsource certain aspects of our manufacturing, production warehousing, and logistics functions. These outsourcing contracts may provide us more flexibility to scale our operations up or down in a timely and cost-effective manner. We believe that we have selected reputable providers and have secured their performance on terms documented in written contracts. However, it is possible that one or more of these providers could fail to perform as we expect, and such failure could have an adverse impact on our business and have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. Overall, we believe we have effective mechanisms to manage risks associated with our outsourcing relationships. Refer to Note 17 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this report, for further information concerning our outsourcing commitments, reported as a component of purchase obligations. Certain components and sub-assemblies that we include in our products may only be obtained from a single supplier. We are engaged in efforts to obtain and qualify alternative sources to supply these products and in some circumstances protect against potential supply challenges by carrying inventory in excess of current need. Any prolonged inability to obtain these components could have an adverse effect on our operating results and could unfavorably impact our customer relationships. Compliance with Government Regulations As a public company with global operations, we are subject to a variety of governmental regulations across multiple jurisdictions, including those related to export controls, financial and other disclosures, corporate governance, anti-trust, intellectual property, privacy, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-boycott, tax, tariffs, labor, health and safety, conflict minerals, human trafficking, the management of hazardous materials, and carbon emissions, among others. Each of these regulations imposes costs on our business and has the potential to divert our management s time and attention from revenue-generating and other profit maximizing activities to those associated with compliance. Efforts to comply with new and changing regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, decreased net income and increased capital expenditures. If we are alleged or found by a court or regulatory agency not to be in compliance with regulations, we may be subject to fines, restrictions on our actions, reputational damage, and harm to our competitive position, and our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be adversely affected. For additional details, please refer to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks We Are Exposed to Various Risks from Our Regulatory Environment in Item 1A: Risk Factors . Regulations that impact trade, including tariffs, export controls, taxes, trade barriers, sanctions, the termination or modification of trade agreements, trade zones, and other duty mitigation initiatives, have the potential to increase our manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or inhibit our ability to sell products or purchase necessary equipment and supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. For additional details regarding the impacts of compliance with trade laws and regulations, please refer to Business and Operational Risks Our Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 8 Table of Contents Future Success Depends Heavily on International Sales and the Management of Global Operations and Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks Our Sales to Customers in China, a Significant Region for Us, Have Been Impacted, and are Likely to be Materially and Adversely Affected by Export License Requirements and Other Regulatory Changes, or Other Governmental Actions in the Course of the Trade Relationship Between the U.S. and China in Item 1A: Risk Factors . We are subject to income, transaction, and other taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions that impact our tax rate and profitability. For additional details regarding the impacts of compliance with tax laws and regulations, please refer to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks Our Financial Results May Be Adversely Impacted by Higher than Expected Tax Rates or Exposure to Additional Tax Liabilities in Item 1A: Risk Factors . An important element of our management strategy is to review acquisition prospects that would complement our existing products, augment our market coverage and distribution ability, enhance our technological capabilities, or accomplish other strategic objectives. However, for regulatory or other reasons, we may not be successful in our attempts to acquire or dispose of businesses, products, or technologies. For additional details regarding the impacts of regulations on acquisitions or dispositions we may attempt, please refer to Business and Operational Risks If We Choose to Acquire or Dispose of Businesses, Product Lines, and Technologies, We May Encounter Unforeseen Costs and Difficulties That Could Impair Our Financial Performance in Item 1A: Risk Factors . We are subject to a variety of domestic and international governmental regulations related to the handling, discharge, and disposal of toxic, volatile, or otherwise hazardous chemicals. For additional details regarding the impacts of compliance with environmental laws and regulations, please refer to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks Increasing and Evolving Environmental Regulations May Adversely Affect Our Operating Results in Item 1A: Risk Factors . Environmental, Social, and Governance We strive to incorporate environmental, social and governance ("ESG") consi derations into everything we do from our operations and workplace practices, to how we source our materials and design our products. Our Global Impact Report for calendar year 2024 details, among other items, a number of ESG goals. One such goal is to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, which we are working to achieve in part by meeting a number of interim targets related to our environmental impact. There have been no material impacts to capital expenditures or our results of operations associated with this goal, and there are no material cash commitments associated with the goal as of the fiscal year ended June 29, 2025. Information contained on our website or in our annual Global Impact Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we face related to ESG. Competition The semiconductor capital equipment industry is characterized by rapid change and is highly competitive throughout the world. To compete effectively, we invest significant financial resources targeted to strengthen and enhance our product and services portfolio and to maintain customer service and support locations globally. Semiconductor manufacturers evaluate capital equipment suppliers in many areas, including but not limited to process performance, productivity, defect control, customer support, and overall cost of ownership, which can be affected by many factors such as equipment design, reliability, software advancements, and similar factors. Our ability to succeed in the marketplace depends upon our ability to manufacture and ship products on a timeline that meets our customers needs, maintain existing products, and introduce product enhancements and new products that meet customer requirements on a timely basis. In addition, semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate new capital equipment into semiconductor production lines. As a result, once a semiconductor manufacturer has selected a particular supplier s equipment and qualified it for production, the manufacturer generally maintains that selection for that specific production application and technology node as long as the supplier s products demonstrate performance to specification in the installed base. Accordingly, we may experience difficulty in selling to a given customer if that customer has qualified a competitor s equipment. We must also continue to meet the expectations of our installed base of customers through the delivery of high-quality and cost-efficient spare parts in the presence of competition from third-party spare parts providers. We face significant competition with all of our products and services. Our primary competitor in the dielectric and metals deposition market is Applied Materials, Inc. For ALD and PECVD, we also compete against ASM International and Wonik IPS. In the etch market, our primary competitors are Applied Materials, Inc.; Hitachi, Ltd.; and Tokyo Electron, Ltd., and our primary competitors in the wet clean market are Screen Holding Co., Ltd.; Semes Co., Ltd.; and Tokyo Electron, Ltd. We face competition from a number of established and emerging equipment companies in the industry. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their current products and processes, to introduce new products and processes with enhanced price/performance characteristics, and to provide more comprehensive offerings of products. If our competitors make acquisitions or enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers, or other entities, covering products similar to those we sell, our ability to sell our products to those customers could be adversely affected. Government and other initiatives to encourage local semiconductor manufacturing and supply chain in countries outside of the U.S., including China, could increase competition from domestic equipment and spare parts manufacturers in those countries. Additionally, the U.S. Government has enacted a number of export controls regulating the sales of certain technologies to customers in China, including entity listings of Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 9 Table of Contents multiple customers, thus restricting the sales of equipment and spare parts by U.S. equipment suppliers. This provides an advantage to our international competitors that are not subject to these restrictions. There can be no assurance that we will continue to compete successfully in the future. Patents and Licenses Our policy is to seek patents on inventions relating to new or enhanced products and processes developed as part of our ongoing research, engineering, manufacturing, and support activities. We currently hold a number of U.S. and foreign patents and applications covering various aspects of our products and processes. Our patents, which cover material aspects of our past and present core products, have current durations ranging from approximately one to twenty years. We believe that, although the patents we own and may obtain in the future will be of value, they alone will not determine our success. Our success depends principally upon our research and development, engineering, marketing, support, and delivery skills. However, in the absence of patent protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to imitate our products, manufacturing techniques, and processes and may be more limited in our ability to exclude competitors than would otherwise be the case. In addition, other companies and inventors may receive patents that contain claims applicable to our products and processes. The sale of products covered by patents of others could require licenses that may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. For further discussion of legal matters, see Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this report. Human Capital We endeavor to be a great place to work globally by investing in a multi-faceted strategy that is rooted in building an inclusive workplace. To support our employees, we tailor our programs to meet the unique cultural needs and priorities within different regions around the world. As of August 7, 2025, we had approximately 19,000 regular full-time employees, of which over 29% were engaged in research and development. Approximately 43% of our regular full-time employees are located in the United States, 50% in Asia, and 7% in Europe. Employment, Recruitment and Development Our talented people are what makes our success possible. Many of our recruitment efforts are carried out through partnerships with key universities. In fact, many of our senior executives began their careers with us right out of college, demonstrating that programs that recruit university students have the potential to contribute to our leadership pipeline. To tap into the best and brightest students, we prioritize core initiatives including an internship program, campus events, and thesis awards and scholarships. Through the spirit of continuous improvement, we accelerate skill building and development, create career opportunities, and expand professional networks for employees. We provide a wide range of opportunities globally to support our commitment to developing the best talent. Our mentorship, coaching, and professional development programs support this commitment along with our self-directed online learning platform that intelligently aligns content with skill building needs. Additionally, our leadership development programs are designed to scale leadership across our business, empowering leaders to motivate, inspire, and lead employees through change, ultimately accelerating business outcomes. Employee Engagement Employee engagement (i.e. satisfaction) and voice are critical to Lam s culture. We conduct a global survey at a regular cadence to gather input from employees on culture, career opportunity, and manager effectiveness. We also solicit employee feedback through in-person and online employee forums, engagement sessions, all-employee meetings, conversations with managers, and our Human Resource Support and Employee Relations programs. Total Rewards Our Total Rewards program incorporates a comprehensive compensation and benefits package aimed at supporting employees and their families with financial, physical, and mental well-being programs that meet their needs. We conduct an annual review of salaries and benefits packages using third-party benchmarking surveys to ensure that our offerings are aligned with the marketplace and attractive to top talent. We offer our employees a competitive 401(k) benefit, an employee stock purchase plan, tuition reimbursement, and annual cash bonuses. Stock awards are offered to executives and select employees. We recognize the importance of time away from work, so we offer annual paid holidays and time off to relax and recharge or take care of personal business. Additionally, we offer paid parental leave benefits for parents welcoming a new child to the family through birth, adoption, or foster care placement. Employee Health and Safety Prioritizing the health, safety, and well-being of our employees is critical to our ongoing success. We invest in education, awareness, monitoring, and prevention programs to help recognize and control safety hazards. Our goal is to apply our environmental health and safety ( EHS ) policies, programs, and response plans to anywhere we operate and to extend them to anyone who works on our sites with the intent to provide a safe environment during both routine and extraordinary circumstances. People managers in field support, manufacturing, R D, warehouse, and logistics operations undergo formal safety leadership training biannually to enhance their skills in safety management and communication. We screen contractors safety performance and require contractor compliance with specified safety standards. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 10 Table of Contents We monitor our safety performance at the enterprise, regional, and site levels. By using our global incident tracking system, our corporate EHS team can assess and monitor safety trends to report to business units and executive leadership as a part of quarterly reviews. We maintain multi-site certifications for ISO 45001, the globally recognized standard for occupational health and safety management systems. Information about our Executive Officers As of August 7, 2025, the executive officers of Lam Research were as follows: Name Age Position(s) Timothy M. Archer 58 President, Chief Executive Officer Douglas R. Bettinger 58 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Patrick J. Lord 59 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Neil J. Fernandes 58 Senior Vice President, Global Customer Operations Ava A. Harter 55 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Vahid Vahedi 59 Senior Vice President, Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer Seshasayee (Sesha) Varadarajan 50 Senior Vice President, Global Products Group Timothy M. Archer has been our president and chief executive officer since December 2018. Prior to this, he served as our president and chief operating officer, from January 2018 to November 2018. Mr. Archer joined us in June 2012 as our executive vice president, chief operating officer. Prior to joining us, he spent 18 years at Novellus Systems, Inc., ( Novellus ) in various technology development and business leadership roles, including most recently as chief operating officer from January 2011 to June 2012; executive vice president of Worldwide Sales, Marketing, and Customer Satisfaction from September 2009 to January 2011; and executive vice president of the PECVD and Electrofill Business Units from November 2008 to September 2009. His tenure at Novellus also included assignments as senior director of technology for Novellus Systems Japan from 1999 to 2001 and senior director of technology for the Electrofill Business Unit from April 2001 to April 2002. He started his career in 1989 at Tektronix, where he was responsible for process development for high-speed bipolar ICs. Mr. Archer has served as a member of the board of directors of Johnson Controls International public limited company, a global provider of building technology, software, and services, since March 2024, where he is a member of the compensation and talent development committee. He also serves on the International Board of Directors for SEMI, the global industry association representing the electronics manufacturing and design supply chain. From 2020 to 2022, Mr. Archer served as chairman of the board for the National GEM Consortium, a nonprofit organization that is dedicated to increasing the participation of underrepresented groups at the master s and doctoral levels in engineering and science. Mr. Archer completed the Program for Management Development at the Harvard Graduate School of Business and earned a B.S. degree in applied physics from the California Institute of Technology. Douglas R. Bettinger is our executive vice president and chief financial officer with responsibility for Finance, Tax, Treasury, and Investor Relations and Corporate Analytics. Prior to joining the Company in 2013, Mr. Bettinger served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Avago Technologies (now Broadcom Inc.) from 2008 to 2013. From 2007 to 2008, he served as vice president of Finance and corporate controller at Xilinx, Inc., and from 2004 to 2007, he was chief financial officer at 24/7 Customer, a privately held company. Mr. Bettinger worked at Intel Corporation from 1993 to 2004, where he held several senior-level finance positions, including corporate planning and reporting controller and Malaysia site operations controller. Mr. Bettinger currently serves on the Board of Directors of Lattice Semiconductor Corporation, the SEMI Board of Industry Leaders, and the Industrial Advisory Board of the University of Wisconsin College of Engineering. Mr. Bettinger earned an M.B.A. degree in finance from the University of Michigan and a B.S. degree in economics from the University of Wisconsin in Madison. Patrick J. Lord is our executive vice president and chief operating officer, a position he has held since March 2023. In this role, Dr. Lord is responsible for several functions including, Global Operations; Customer Support; Global Quality; Environmental Health and Safety; Global Government Affairs and Trade; Information Technology; Cybersecurity; and Global Resilience, Security, and Transformation. Dr. Lord previously served as executive vice president of CSBG and Global Operations from September 2020 to February 2023; and senior vice president and general manager of CSBG from December 2016 to September 2020. Prior to that, Dr. Lord held the position of group vice president and deputy general manager of the Global Products Group from September 2013 to December 2016. He served as the head of the Direct Metals, GapFill, Surface Integrity Group, and Integrated Metals ( DGSI ) Business Units between June 2012 and September 2013. Prior to our acquisition of Novellus in June 2012, Dr. Lord was senior vice president and general manager of the DGSI Business Units at Novellus. Additionally, Dr. Lord held the position of senior vice president of Business Development and Strategic Planning. He joined Novellus in 2001 and held a number of other positions, including senior vice president and general manager of the CMP Business Unit, senior director of Business Development, senior director of Strategic Marketing, and acting vice president of Corporate Marketing. Before joining Novellus, Dr. Lord spent six years at KLA-Tencor in various product marketing and management roles. He earned his Ph.D., M.S., and B.S. degrees in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Neil J. Fernandes is our senior vice president of Global Customer Operations, a position he has held since March 2023. Previously, he was group vice president of Business Development and Sales Operations and held other senior sales and customer-focused leadership positions at Lam. He joined the company in 2012 through the acquisition of Novellus, where he was the vice president of Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 11 Table of Contents Sales Operations. Prior to that role, he held range of management positions in product marketing and process engineering at Novellus, Gasonics and Watkins-Johnson. Mr. Fernandes earned an M.S. degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Texas at Austin and a B.E. in mechanical engineering from the Manipal Institute of Technology. Ava A. Harter is our senior vice president, chief legal officer and secretary. She joined us in July 2024 and is responsible for all global legal matters, ethics and compliance, and corporate secretary work. Prior to joining us, she served as executive vice president and chief legal officer at Whirlpool Corporation, a home appliance and consumer products company, from December 2020 to March 2024, and as senior vice president, general counsel, and corporate secretary at Owens Corning, a building and construction materials company, from May 2015 to November 2020. Prior to that, she held legal roles at General Electric and The Dow Chemical Company. She also worked at the law firms of Jones Day and Thompson Hine LLP and was an adjunct professor at the Case Western Reserve University Law School. Ms. Harter earned her J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law, an M.B.A. in sociology from the University of Nebraska, and a B.A. in political science from Northwestern University. Vahid Vahedi is our senior vice president, chief technology and sustainability officer, a position he has held since March 2024. Dr. Vahedi previously served as senior vice president and chief technology officer beginning March 2023; senior vice president and general manager of the Etch business unit beginning February 2018; and group vice president of the Etch product group beginning March 2012. Previously, he served as vice president of Etch Business Product Management and Marketing, vice president of Dielectric Etch, vice president of Conductor and 3DIC Etch, and director of Conductor Etch Technology Development. He joined us in 1995. He earned his Ph.D., M.S., and B.S. degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California at Berkeley. Sesha Varadarajan is our senior vice president of the Global Products Group, a position he has held since March 2023. Mr. Varadarajan previously served as senior vice president and general manager of the Deposition Business Unit beginning February 2018; and group vice president of the Deposition product group beginning September 2013. Previously, he served as the head of the PECVD/Electrofill Business Unit between June 2012 and September 2013. Prior to our acquisition of Novellus in June 2012, Mr. Varadarajan was senior vice president and general manager of Novellus PECVD and Electrofill Business Units. He joined Novellus in 1999 as a process engineer with the Electrofill Business Unit and held various roles in that business unit before being appointed director of technology in 2004. Between 2006 and 2008, he worked in the PECVD Business Unit, initially as director of technology, until being promoted to product general manager. In 2009, he returned to the Electrofill Business Unit as vice president and general manager. In mid-2011, he was promoted to senior vice president and general manager, where he was also responsible for the PECVD Business Unit. Mr. Varadarajan earned an M.S. degree in manufacturing engineering and material science from Boston University and a B.S. degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Mysore. Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ( 2025 Form 10-K ), the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because such factors may significantly impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. As a result of these risk factors, as well as other risks discussed in our other SEC filings, our actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. No priority or significance is intended by, nor should be attached to, the order in which the risk factors appear. INDUSTRY AND CUSTOMER RISKS We Depend on Creating New Products and Processes and Enhancing Existing Products and Processes for Our Success; Consequently, We Are Subject to Risks Associated with Rapid Technological Change Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop technological advances that enable those processes. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. If new products or existing products have reliability, quality, design, or safety problems, our performance may be impacted by reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance of and payment for new products, and additional service and warranty expenses. We may be unable to develop and manufacture products successfully, or products that we introduce may fail in the marketplace. For more than 25 years, the primary driver of technology advancement in the semiconductor industry has been to shrink the lithography that prints the circuit design on semiconductor chips. That driver could be approaching its technological limit, leading semiconductor manufacturers to investigate more complex changes in multiple technologies in an effort to continue technology development. In addition, the emergence of big data and new tools such as machine learning and artificial intelligence ( AI ) that capitalize on the availability of large data sets is leading semiconductor manufacturers and equipment manufacturers to pursue new products and approaches that exploit those tools to advance technology development. In the face of uncertainty on which technology solutions will become successful, we will need to focus our efforts on developing the technology changes that are ultimately successful in supporting our customers requirements. Our failure to develop and offer the correct technology solutions in a timely manner with productive and cost-effective products could adversely affect our business in a material way. Our failure to commercialize new products in a timely manner could result in loss of market share, unanticipated costs, and inventory obsolescence, which would adversely affect our financial results. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 12 Table of Contents In order to develop new products and processes and enhance existing products and processes, we expect to continue to make significant investments in R D, to investigate the acquisition of products and technologies, to invest in or acquire businesses or technologies, and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers, or other members of the industry. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We may find that acquisitions are not available to us, for regulatory or other reasons, and that we must therefore limit ourselves to collaboration and joint venture development activities that do not have the same benefits as acquisitions. Pursuing development through collaboration and/or joint development activities rather than through an acquisition may pose substantial challenges for management, including those related to aligning business objectives; sharing confidential information, intellectual property and data; sharing value with third parties; and realizing synergies that might have been available in an acquisition but are not available through a joint development project. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products and certain jointly developed technologies may be subject to restrictions on our ability to share that technology, which could limit our market for products incorporating those technologies. Future technologies, processes, or product developments may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products, obsolete inventory, or both. Moreover, customers may adopt new technologies or processes to address the complex challenges associated with next-generation devices. This shift may result in a reduction in the size of our addressable markets or could increase the relative size of markets in which we either do not compete or have relatively low market share. We Face a Challenging and Complex Competitive Environment We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and our competitors may be able to develop products comparable or superior to those we offer or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. In particular, while we continue to develop product enhancements that we believe will address future customer requirements, we may fail in a timely manner to identify those future customer requirements, to devote appropriate resources to developing products to address those requirements, or to complete the development or introduction of these additional product enhancements successfully, or these product enhancements may not achieve market acceptance or be competitive. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may be unable to continue to compete successfully in our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial condition, and/or cash flows. With increased consolidation efforts in our industry, as well as the emergence and strengthening of new, regional competitors, we may face increasing competitive pressures. Other companies continue to develop systems and/or acquire businesses and products that are competitive to ours and may introduce new products and product capabilities that may affect our ability to sell and support our existing products. We face a greater risk if our competitors enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers covering products similar to those we sell or may develop, as this could adversely affect our ability to sell products to those manufacturers. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers needs, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R D. Technological changes and developing technologies have required, and are expected to continue to require, new and costly investments. Certain of our competitors, including those that are created and financially backed by foreign governments, have substantially greater financial resources and more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support resources than we do and therefore have the potential to offer customers a more comprehensive array of products and/or product capabilities and to therefore achieve additional relative success in the semiconductor equipment industry. These competitors may deeply discount or give away products similar to those that we sell, challenging or even exceeding our ability to make similar accommodations and threatening our ability to sell those products. We also face competition from our own customers, who in some instances have established affiliated entities that manufacture equipment similar to ours. In addition, we face competition from companies that exist in a more favorable legal or regulatory environment than we do, who are able to sell products for certain applications at certain customers that we are prohibited from selling to under applicable export controls, allowing the freedom of action in ways that we may be unable to match and potentially contributing to the strengthening of such companies ability to compete with us. In many cases, speed to solution is necessary for customer satisfaction and our competitors may be better positioned to achieve these objectives. For these reasons, we may fail to continue to compete successfully worldwide. Once a Semiconductor Manufacturer Commits to Purchase a Competitor s Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment, the Manufacturer Typically Continues to Purchase That Competitor s Equipment, Making It More Difficult for Us to Sell Our Equipment to That Customer Semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate wafer processing equipment into a semiconductor production line. We believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier s processing equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line application for an extended period of time, especially for customers that are more focused on tool reuse. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer for a product line application if that customer initially selects a competitor s equipment for the same product line application. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 13 Table of Contents The Semiconductor Capital Equipment Industry Is Subject to Variability and Periods of Rapid Growth or Decline; We Therefore Face Risks Related to Our Strategic Resource Allocation Decisions The semiconductor capital equipment industry has historically been characterized by rapid changes in demand. Variability in our customers business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. The variability in our customers investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors, including, but not limited to, electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities, which can be made more challenging due to the multi-year nature of investments made in certain technology programs and other initiatives. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we may face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure and facilities, work force, and other components of our business on a timely basis. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of increasing or declining demand, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth, or we may expand our capacity and resources too rapidly and/or beyond what is appropriate for the actual demand environment, resulting in excess fixed costs. Especially during transitional periods, resource allocation decisions can have a significant impact on our future performance, particularly if we have not accurately anticipated industry changes. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Future Declines in the Semiconductor Industry, and the Overall World Economic Conditions on Which It Is Significantly Dependent, Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. With the consolidation of customers within the industry, the semiconductor capital equipment market may experience rapid changes in demand driven both by changes in the market generally and the plans and requirements of particular customers. The economic, regulatory, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and services and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times of economic uncertainty, our customers budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, changing economic, regulatory, political or business conditions can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition, including, but not limited to: a decline in demand for our products and/or services; an increase in reserves on accounts receivable due to our customers inability to pay us; an increase in reserves on inventory balances due to excess or obsolete inventory as a result of our inability to sell such inventory; valuation allowances on deferred tax assets; restructuring charges; asset impairments including the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; a decline in the value of our investments; exposure to claims from our suppliers for payment on inventory that is ordered in anticipation of customer purchases that do not come to fruition; and challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply. Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating results, and earnings. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams, which sometimes result in restructuring charges. Even during periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in R D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. We Have a Limited Number of Key Customers Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall shipments, revenue, cash flows and profitability. As a result, the actions of even one customer may subject us to variability in those areas that is difficult to predict. In addition, large customers may be able to negotiate requirements that result in decreased pricing, increased costs, and/or lower margins for us and limitations on our ability to share technology with others. Similarly, significant portions of our credit risk may, at any given time, be concentrated among a limited number of customers so that the failure of even one of these key customers to pay its obligations to us could significantly impact our financial results. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 14 Table of Contents Strategic Alliances and Customer Consolidation May Have Negative Effects on Our Business Semiconductor manufacturing companies from time to time enter into strategic alliances or consolidate with one another to expedite the development of processes and other manufacturing technologies and/or achieve economies of scale. The outcomes of such an alliance can be the definition of a particular tool set for a certain function and/or the standardization of a series of process steps that use a specific set of manufacturing equipment. In addition, the outcomes of consolidation can potentially lead to an overall reduction in the market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment as customers operations achieve economies of scale and/or increased purchasing power based on their higher volumes. In certain instances, this could work to our disadvantage if a competitor s tools or equipment become the standard equipment for such functions or processes. Additional outcomes of such consolidation may include our customers re-evaluating their future supplier relationships to consider our competitors products and/or gaining additional influence over the pricing of products and the control of intellectual property or data. Similarly, our customers may partner with, or follow the lead of, educational or research institutions that establish processes for accomplishing various tasks or manufacturing steps. If those institutions utilize a competitor s equipment when they establish those processes, it is likely that customers will tend to use the same equipment in setting up their own manufacturing lines. Even if they select our equipment, the institutions and the customers that follow their lead could impose conditions on acceptance of that equipment, such as adherence to standards and requirements or limitations on how we license our proprietary rights, that increase our costs or require us to take on greater risk. These actions could adversely impact our market share and financial results. BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS Our Revenues and Operating Results Are Variable Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year due to a number of factors, not all of which are in our control. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, and a certain amount of those expenses are relatively fixed, a change in the timing of recognition of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter or year. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include, but are not limited to: legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory changes (including, but not limited to, changes in import/export regulations and tariffs, such as regulations imposed by the U.S. government restricting exports to China, or potential additional tariffs on imports, and tariffs imposed by other countries) or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing requirements; macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, including those caused by war, conflict in the Middle East, bank failures; uncertainty regarding economic and other policies and priorities; and geopolitical issues; the impact of reductions in government spending; changes in average selling prices, customer mix, and product mix; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries in general and specifically the semiconductor equipment industry; the size and timing of orders from customers; changes in our deferred revenue balance, including as a result of factors such as volume purchase agreements, multi-year service contracts, back orders, and down payments toward purchases; consolidation of the customer base, which may result in the investment decisions of one customer or market having a significant effect on demand for our products or services; procurement shortages; the failure of our suppliers or outsource providers to perform their obligations in a manner consistent with our expectations; manufacturing difficulties; customer cancellations or delays in shipments, installations, customer payments, and/or customer acceptances; the extent that customers continue to purchase and use our products and services in their business; our customers reuse of existing and installed products, to the extent that such reuse decreases their need to purchase new products or services; our ability to develop, introduce, and market new, enhanced, and competitive products in a timely manner; our competitors introduction of new products; legal or technical challenges to our products and technologies; transportation, communication, demand, information technology, or supply disruptions based on factors outside our control, such as strikes, acts of God, wars, terrorist activities, international conflict, widespread outbreak of illness, or natural or man-made disasters (including disasters resulting from climate change), including earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, flooding, and heat waves; management of supply chain risks; effects of inflation or interest rates; and changes in our estimated effective tax rate. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 15 Table of Contents Our Business Relies on Technology, Data, Intellectual Property and Other Sensitive Information That is Susceptible to Cybersecurity and Other Threats or Incidents Our business is dependent upon the use and protection of technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information, which may be owned by, or licensed to, us or third parties, such as our customers and vendors. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the creation, transmission, use and storage of much of this information, and for the effective operation of our business. These information systems include, but are not limited to, telecommunications, the Internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications (some of which may be integrated into the products that we sell or be required in order to provide the services that we offer), network communications, and email. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsourced providers, or third parties such as vendors, contractors, customers and Cloud providers. In addition, we make use of Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) products for certain important business functions that are provided by third parties and hosted on their own networks and servers, or third-party networks and servers, all of which rely on networks, email and/or the Internet for their function. The technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information we seek to protect are subject to loss, release, misappropriation or misuse, and the information systems containing or transmitting such technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information are subject to disruption, breach or failure, in each case as a result of various possible causes, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. Such causes may include mistakes or unauthorized actions by our employees or contractors, phishing schemes and other third-party attacks, and degradation or loss of service or access to data due to viruses, malware, denial of service attacks, destructive or inadequate code, power failures, or physical damage to computers, hard drives, communication lines, or networking equipment, in each case with respect to us or the third-party product and service providers upon which we rely. Such causes may also include the use of techniques that change frequently or may be disguised or difficult to detect, or designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, or that may continue undetected for an extended period of time. In addition, to the extent AI capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted, they may be used to identify vulnerabilities and to implement increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Further, the use of AI by us, our customers, suppliers, and third-party providers, among others, may also introduce unique vulnerabilities whose existence or exploitation could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. We experience cybersecurity and other threats and incidents in the course of our operations. Although past threats and incidents have not resulted in a material adverse effect, we may incur material losses related to cybersecurity and other threats or incidents in the future. Cybersecurity or other incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business. Such adverse effects might include: loss of (or inability to access, e.g. through ransomware) confidential and/or sensitive information stored on these critical information systems or transmitted to or from those systems; the disruption of the proper function of our products, services and/or operations; the failure of our or our customers manufacturing processes; errors in the output of our work or our customers work; the loss or public exposure of the personal or other confidential information of our employees, customers or other parties; the public release of customer financial and business plans, customer orders and operational results; exposure to claims from our employees or third parties who are adversely impacted by such incidents; misappropriation or theft of our or a customer s, supplier s or other party s assets or resources, including technology, data, intellectual property or other sensitive information and costs associated therewith; reputational damage; diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering; or our failure to meet, or violation of, regulatory or other legal obligations, such as the timely publication or filing of financial statements, tax information, and other required communications. While we have implemented International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) 27001 compliant security procedures and virus protection software, intrusion prevention systems, identity and access control, and emergency recovery processes, and we carefully select our third-party providers of information systems, to mitigate risks to the information systems that we rely on and to the technology, data, intellectual property and other sensitive information we seek to protect, those security procedures and mitigation and protection systems cannot be guaranteed to be fail-safe, and we may still suffer cybersecurity and other incidents, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. It has been difficult and may continue to be difficult to hire and retain employees with substantial cybersecurity acumen. In addition, there have been and may continue to be instances of our policies and procedures not being effective in enabling us to identify risks, threats and incidents in a timely manner, or at all, or to respond expediently, appropriately and effectively when incidents occur and repair any damage caused by such incidents, and such occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our Future Success Depends Heavily on International Sales and the Management of Global Operations Non-U.S. sales, as reflected in Part II Item 7. Results of Operations of this 2025 Form 10-K, accounted for approximately 93%, 93%, and 91% of total revenue in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a substantial majority of our total revenue in future years. Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 16 Table of Contents We are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations including, but not limited to: domestic and international trade regulations, policies, practices, relations, disputes and issues; domestic and international tariffs, export controls and other barriers; developing customers and/or suppliers, who may have limited access to capital resources; global or national economic and political conditions; changes in currency controls; differences in the enforcement of intellectual property and contract rights in varying jurisdictions; our ability to respond to customer and foreign government demands for locally sourced systems, spare parts, and services and develop the necessary relationships with local suppliers; changes in and compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting foreign operations, including U.S. and international trade restrictions and sanctions, international data privacy regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-boycott, environmental, tax, and labor laws; fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates; the need for technical support resources in different locations; and our ability to secure and retain qualified people, and effectively manage people, in all necessary locations for the successful operation of our business. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among the world s major trading nations, that political, diplomatic and national security influences can lead to trade disputes, impacts and/or disruptions, in particular those affecting the semiconductor industry. This can adversely affect our business with China, Japan, Korea, and/or Taiwan and perhaps the entire Asia Pacific region or global economy. A significant trade dispute, impact, and/or disruption in any area where we do business could have a materially adverse impact on our future revenue and profits. Tariffs, export controls, additional taxes, trade barriers, sanctions, the termination or modification of trade agreements, trade zones, and other duty mitigation initiatives, and any reciprocal retaliatory actions, can increase our manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, disrupt our supply chain operations, or inhibit our ability to sell products or provide services, which has had and in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial conditions. Certain of our international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses from the U.S. or foreign governments, and our inability to obtain such licenses, or an expansion of the number or kinds of sales for which export licenses are required, has limited and could in the future further limit the market for our products and has had and could in the future have an adverse impact on our revenues. As is discussed below under the heading Our Sales to Customers in China, a Significant Region for Us, Have Been Impacted, and are Likely to Be Materially and Adversely Affected by Export License Requirements and Other Regulatory Changes, or Other Governmental Actions in the Course of the Trade Relationship Between the U.S. and China, the U.S. government has in recent years imposed new controls, including expanded export license requirements and restrictions on sales to certain Chinese entities that significantly impact trade with China. In addition, the U.S. government has an ongoing process of assessing technologies that may be subject to new or additional export controls, and it is possible that such additional controls, if and when imposed, could further adversely impact our ability to sell our products outside the U.S. The implementation by the U.S. government of broad export controls restricting access to our technology (such as recent controls limiting exports to China) may cause customers with international operations to reconsider their use of and reliance on our products, which could adversely impact our future revenue and profits and strengthen competitors who are not subject to such restrictions. Furthermore, there are risks that foreign governments may, among other things, take retaliatory actions; insist on the use of local suppliers; compel companies to partner with local companies to design and supply equipment on a local basis, requiring the transfer of intellectual property rights and/or local manufacturing; utilize their influence over their judicial systems to respond to intellectual property disputes or issues; and provide special incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local competitors, even if their products are inferior to ours; all of which could adversely impact our ability to compete as well as our revenues and margins. Our customers (and their customers and other downstream parties) may also be adversely affected by the tariffs, export controls and other trade issues described above. Additionally, certain materials are primarily available in a limited number of countries, including rare earth elements, minerals, and metals. The supplies, equipment, raw materials and other inputs necessary for the businesses of our customers and other downstream parties could become more difficult to obtain for various reasons not limited to business interruptions of suppliers, reduced availability of labor, transit disruptions, consolidation in their supply chain, export controls, sanctions, trade restrictions, tariffs, geopolitical tensions, economic circumstances, conflict, or political conditions. If the ability of downstream parties to source the inputs needed to produce their products is impaired, then demand for our products may be adversely impacted. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We are exposed to potentially adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The majority of our sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily related to revenues denominated in Japanese yen and expenses denominated in euro, Korean won, Malaysian ringgit, and Indian rupee. Currently, we hedge certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows, primarily anticipated revenues denominated in Japanese yen and expenses denominated in euro, Korean won, Malaysian ringgit, and Indian rupee. In addition, we enter into foreign currency hedge contracts to minimize the short-term impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily third-party accounts receivables, accounts payables, and intercompany receivables and payables. We believe these are our primary exposures to currency rate fluctuation. We expect to continue to enter into hedging transactions, for the Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 17 Table of Contents purposes outlined, for the foreseeable future. However, these hedging transactions may not achieve their desired effect because differences between the actual timing of the underlying exposures and our forecasts of those exposures may leave us either over or under hedged on any given transaction. Moreover, by hedging these foreign currency denominated revenues, expenses, monetary assets, and liabilities, we may miss favorable currency trends that would have been advantageous to us but for the hedges. Additionally, we are exposed to short-term foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on non-U.S. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities (other than those currency exposures previously discussed), and currently we do not enter into foreign currency hedge contracts against these exposures. Therefore, we are subject to potential unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to the extent that we transact business (including intercompany transactions) in these currencies. The magnitude of our overseas business also affects where our cash is generated. Certain uses of cash, such as share repurchases, payment of dividends, or the repayment of our notes, can usually only be made with onshore cash balances. Since the majority of our cash is generated outside of the United States, this may impact certain business decisions and outcomes. Disruptions to Our Supply Chain and Outsource Providers Could Impact Our Ability to Meet Demand, Increase Our Costs, and Adversely Impact Our Revenue and Operating Results Our supply chain has played and will continue to play a key role in our product development, manufacturing operations, field installation and support. Our business depends on our timely supply of products and services to meet the demand from our customers, which depends in significant part on the timely delivery of parts, materials and services, including components and subassemblies, from our direct suppliers to us, and to our direct suppliers by other companies. In addition, outsource providers have played and will continue to play a key role both in the manufacturing and customer-focused operations described above, and in many of our transactional and administrative functions, such as information technology, facilities management, and certain elements of our finance organization. These providers and suppliers might suffer financial setbacks, be acquired by third parties, become subject to exclusivity arrangements that preclude further business with us, or be unable to meet our requirements or expectation due to their independent business decisions or force majeure events that could interrupt or impair their continued ability to perform as we expect. We may also experience significant interruptions of our manufacturing operations, delays in our ability to deliver or install products or perform services or to recognize revenue, increased costs or customer order cancellations as a result of: the failure or inability to accurately forecast demand and obtain sufficient quantities of quality parts on a cost-effective basis; volatility in the availability and cost of parts, materials or services, including increased costs due to tariffs, rising inflation or interest rates or other market conditions; difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export approvals; restrictions on the import and sale of products that incorporate technologies developed or manufactured in whole or in part in certain countries; shipment delays and increased costs of shipment due to transportation interruptions, capacity constraints, or fuel shortages; shortages of semiconductor or other components or materials as a result of increases in demand or decreases in supply, including as a result of export restrictions on particular parts or materials used by us or our direct or indirect suppliers; information technology or infrastructure failures, including those of a third-party supplier or service provider; and transportation or supply disruptions based on factors outside our control, such as strikes, acts of God, wars, terrorist activities, international conflict, widespread outbreak of illness, or natural or man-made disasters (including disasters resulting from climate change), including earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, flooding, and heat waves. Demand for electronic products and other factors, have resulted in, and may in the future result in, a shortage of parts, materials and services needed to manufacture, deliver and install our products, as well as delays in and unpredictability of shipments due to transportation interruptions. Such shortages, delays and unpredictability have adversely impacted, and may in the future impact, our suppliers ability to meet our demand requirements. Difficulties in obtaining sufficient and timely supply of parts, materials or services, and delays in and unpredictability of shipments due to transportation interruptions, have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our manufacturing operations and our ability to meet customer demand. In addition, difficulties in obtaining parts, materials or services necessary to deliver or install products or perform services have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our ability to recognize revenue, our gross margins on the revenue we recognize, and our other operating results. Although we are endeavoring to pass along some of the impact of increased costs to our customers to counteract adverse impacts to our gross margins and other operating results, such measures could be unsuccessful, or could have the effect of reducing demand, which would adversely impact our revenue. Further, increased restrictions imposed on a class of chemicals known as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ( PFAS ), which are widely used in a large number of products, including parts and materials that are incorporated into our products, may negatively impact our supply chain due to the potentially decreased availability, or non-availability, of PFAS-containing products. Proposed regulations under consideration could require that we transition away from the usage of PFAS-containing products, which could adversely impact our business, operations, revenue, costs, and competitive position. There is no assurance that suitable replacements for PFAS-containing parts and materials will be available at similar costs, or at all. Although we attempt to select reputable providers and suppliers and we attempt to secure their performance on terms documented in written contracts, it is possible that one or more of these providers or suppliers could fail to perform as we expect, or fail to secure or protect intellectual property rights, and such failure could have an adverse impact on our business. In some cases, the requirements Lam Research Corporation 2025 10-K 18 Table of Contents of our business mandate that we obtain certain components and sub-assemblies included in our products from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Where practical, we endeavor to establish alternative sources to mitigate the risk that the failure of any single provider or supplier will adversely affect our business, but this is not feasible in all circumstances. Some key parts are subject to long lead-times or available only from a single supplier or limited group of suppliers, and some sourcing or subassembly is provided by suppliers located in countries other than the countries where we conduct our manufacturing. There is therefore a risk that a prolonged inability to obtain certain components or secure key services could impair our ability to manage operations, ship products, and generate revenues, which could adversely affect our operating results and damage our customer relationships. We May Not Achieve the Expected Benefits of Our Restructuring Plans and Business Transformation Initiatives, and These Efforts Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business, Operations, Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Competitive Position In January 2023, we announced that we were implementing a restructuring plan consisting of a workforce reduction, and that we anticipated undertaking, and may in the future undertake, additional business restructuring, realignment and transformation initiatives. While the restructuring plan was intended to better align our cost structure with the current economic environment and future business opportunities, and our anticipated transformation initiatives have the goal of strengthening our operations and achieving operational efficiencies, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these plans and initiatives. Implementation of such plans and initiatives may be costly and disruptive to our business, we may not be able to complete them at the cost or within the time frame contemplated, and we may not be able to obtain the anticipated benefits within the projected timing or at all. Restructuring and transformation may adversely affect our internal programs and our ability to recruit and retain skilled and motivated personnel, may result in a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency during transitional periods, may require a significant amount of management and other employees' time and focus, and may be distracting to employees and management, which may divert attention from oper