=== PAYX_2025-07-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K for more information on our cybersecurity-related risks. Governance Cybersecurity risks are overseen by the Audit Committee of our Board. Annually, the Audit Committee reviews an assessment of our risk management processes with the Board. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing significant cybersecurity risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor, control, and report such exposures. The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates from our CISO regarding our cybersecurity risk management program. These updates include a status of current capabilities, ongoing initiatives, and the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape. Our management is responsible for implementing our security program, which is overseen by our Security Governance Council (the SGC ) that regularly reports to our Chief Executive Officer and Audit Committee. The SGC is chaired by our CISO and is comprised of senior leaders and key personnel throughout the Company to support cross-functional representation. The 16 Table of Contents members of the SGC are comprised of our executives and managers who understand our business operations, including but not limited to individuals from the following departments: Operations, Information Technology, Finance, Internal Audit, Legal, Human Resources and Organizational Development, and Risk Management. The SGC meets on a quarterly basis with the mission to develop, coordinate, and sustain the organization s enterprise security program; coordinate and respond to security risks and incidents; and develop, implement, and maintain the organization s enterprise security strategy in alignment with, or in support of, business goals and objectives. The recommendations of the SGC are considered when updating the information security policies, procedures, and standards at Paychex. Our CISO has over two decades of experience in various roles involving information security: developing and implementing cybersecurity programs to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information systems and data. Our CISO has earned relevant degrees and holds several information security certifications, including the Certified Chief Information Security Officer certification. Prior to joining Paychex in September 2019, he served as VP and CISO at a publicly traded company in the HCM industry. Before that, he held security leadership positions at several banks, insurance companies, and professional services firms. Our CISO reports to our Vice President of Platform and Technology Services, who has over two decades of technology leadership experience and has earned a relevant degree. Our VP of Platform and Technology Services leads the teams responsible for the Company's core technology platforms. Prior to joining Paychex in October 2012, h e held senior technology leadership positions at two telecommunications companies. It em 2. Properties We owned and leased the following properties as of May 31, 2025: Square feet Owned facilities: Rochester, New York 832,000 Other U.S. locations 166,000 Total owned facilities 998,000 Leased facilities: Rochester, New York 53,000 Other U.S. locations 865,000 International locations 280,000 Total leased facilities 1,198,000 Our facilities in Rochester, New York house various distribution, processing, and technology functions, certain ancillary functions, a telemarketing unit, and other back-office functions. Facilities outside of Rochester, New York are in various locations throughout the U.S. and house our service centers, fulfillment centers and sales functions. Our International locations primarily house our European operations in Denmark and Germany and locations in India house information technology, service, and sales support functions. During fiscal 2025, we acquired various owned and leased properties with our acquisition of Paycor and an immaterial acquisition. We obtained facilities in various locations in the U.S. and Serbia, that house service centers, fulfillment centers, sales, information technology, and ancillary services. The square footage table above excludes one lease entered into but has yet to commence for space in other U.S. locations and has square footage of 44,000. Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings We are subject to various claims and legal matters that arise in the normal course of our business. Refer to Note Q of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of our legal proceedings, if any. It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 17 Table of Contents P ART II It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PAYX . Dividends have historically been paid on our common stock in August, November, February, and May. The level and continuation of future dividends are dependent on our future earnings and cash flows and are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors (the Board ). As of June 30, 2025, there were 7,599 holders of record of our common stock, which includes registered holders and participants in the Paychex, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. There were also 2,914 participants in the Paychex, Inc. Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 3,478 participants in the Paychex, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan. In January 2024, our Board approved a program to repurchase up to an additional $400.0 million of our common stock, with authorization expiring on May 31, 2027. The purpose of this program is to manage common stock dilution. All shares repurchased during fiscal 2025 were retired and were as follows: Fiscal 2025 In millions, except per share amount Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total dollars Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program First quarter 0.8 $ 125.50 $ 104.0 $ 296.0 Second quarter $ $ 296.0 Third quarter $ $ 296.0 March 1 to March 31, 2025 $ $ 296.0 April 1 to April 30, 2025 $ $ 296.0 May 1 to May 31, 2025 $ $ 296.0 Fiscal year 0.8 $ 125.50 $ 104.0 18 Table of Contents The following graph shows a five-year comparison of the total cumulative returns of investing $100 on May 31, 2020, in Paychex common stock, the S P 500 Index, and a Peer Group Index. All comparisons of stock price performance shown assume reinvestment of dividends. We are a participant in the S P 500 Index, a market group of companies with a larger than average market capitalization. Our Peer Group is a group of companies with comparable revenue and net income, who are in a comparable industry, or who are direct competitors of Paychex (as detailed below). May 31, 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Paychex $ 100.00 $ 144.16 $ 180.70 $ 157.41 $ 185.79 $ 251.16 S P 500 $ 100.00 $ 140.30 $ 139.86 $ 143.91 $ 184.45 $ 209.35 Peer Group $ 100.00 $ 127.00 $ 118.53 $ 121.82 $ 153.68 $ 186.69 There can be no assurance that our stock performance will continue with the same or similar trends depicted in the graph above. We neither make nor endorse any predictions as to future stock performance. The Compensation and Leadership Committee of our Board annually reviews and approves the selection of Peer Group companies, adjusting the group from year to year based upon our business and changes in the Peer Group companies business or the comparability of their metrics. The Peer Group may also be adjusted in the event of mergers, acquisitions, or other significant economic changes. The Peer Group was not adjusted for fiscal 2025. Our Peer Group for fiscal 2025 is comprised of the following companies: Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (direct competitor) Global Payments, Inc. Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Intuit, Inc. Corpay, Inc. Jack Henry Associates, Inc. Equifax, Inc. Moody's Corporation Euronet Worldwide, Inc. SS C Technologies Holdings, Inc. Fair Isaac Corporation TransUnion Fiserv, Inc. Verisk Analytics, Inc. Gartner, Inc. WEX, Inc. 19 Table of Contents Ite m 6. [Reserved] 20 Table of Contents Ite m 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviews the operating results of Paychex, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries ( Paychex, the Company, we, our, or us ) for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2025 ( fiscal 2025 or the fiscal year ), as compared to our fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 ( fiscal 2024 ), and our financial condition as of May 31, 2025. A detailed review of our fiscal 2024 performance compared to our fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 performance and our financial condition as of May 31, 2024 is set forth in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Form 10-K ) for fiscal 2024. This review should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K and the Risk Factors discussed in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements in this review are qualified by the cautionary statement under the heading Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements contained at the beginning of Part I of this Form 10-K. Overview We are an industry-leading human capital management ( HCM ) company delivering a full suite of technology and advisory solutions in human resources ( HR ), employee benefits, insurance, and payroll for businesses and their employees across the United States ( U.S. ) and parts of Europe. We offer a full range of integrated HCM solutions covering the employee life cycle for businesses and their employees. Clients may choose from a breadth of solutions that also allow integration with some of the most popular HR, accounting, ERP, and point-of-sale applications on the market today. We support our clients through our proprietary, robust, SurePayroll SaaS-based solutions, Paychex Flex and Paycor. Our larger clients generally have more complex payroll and employee benefit needs, though with the environment of increasing regulations, we believe the need for HR outsourcing solutions has been moving down-market. Any of our clients on Paychex Flex or Paycor can opt for the integrated suite of HCM solutions, which enables clients to choose the service and software solutions that will meet the needs of their business. Our portfolio of technology, HR advisory, and employee benefits-related solutions is disaggregated into two categories, (1) Management Solutions and (2) professional employer organization ( PEO ) and Insurance Solutions, as discussed in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, employee benefits, insurance, and payroll solutions by being an essential partner to businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; growing our client base; expanding our share of wallet; driving technology innovation; and pursuing strategic acquisitions. We believe that successfully executing this strategy will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in sales and marketing and leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our solutions, people, and digital capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We closely monitor the evolving challenges and needs of our clients, and proactively aid our clients in navigating macroeconomic challenges, legislative changes, and other complexities they may face. Through our unique blend of innovative technology solutions, backed by our extensive compliance and HR expertise, we help clients more effectively hire, develop, and retain top talent in this challenging workforce environment. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong solutions and support delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. On April 14, 2025, we completed our acquisition of Paycor HCM, Inc. ("Paycor"), a leading provider of HCM, payroll and talent software. This acquisition extends our upmarket position and expands our suite of HR technology and advisory solutions. Refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this Item 7 for additional information. 21 Table of Contents Fiscal 2025 Business Highlights Highlights compared to fiscal 2024 are as follows: Fiscal Year In millions, except per share amounts 2025 2024 Change (3) Total revenue $ 5,571.7 $ 5,278.3 6 % Operating income $ 2,207.7 $ 2,174.1 2 % Adjusted operating income (1) $ 2,370.0 $ 2,213.6 7 % Net income $ 1,657.3 $ 1,690.4 (2 ) % Adjusted net income (1) $ 1,802.9 $ 1,709.1 5 % Diluted earnings per share $ 4.58 $ 4.67 (2 ) % Adjusted diluted earnings per share (1) $ 4.98 $ 4.72 6 % Dividends paid to stockholders (2) $ 1,448.5 $ 1,315.3 10 % (1) Adjusted operating income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share are not U.S. generally accepted accounting principle ( GAAP ) measures. Adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share in all periods include an adjustment for net tax windfall benefits related to employee stock-based compensation payments. Adjusted operating income, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share also include adjustments for acquisition-related costs in fiscal 2025 and cost optimization initiatives in fiscal 2024. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this Item 7 for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the U.S. GAAP measures of operating income, net income and diluted earnings per share. (2) Dividends paid to stockholders represented approximately 87% of net income for fiscal 2025 compared to approximately 78% of net income for fiscal 2024. (3) Percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers. For further analysis of our results of operations for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, and our financial position as of May 31, 2025, refer to the tables and analysis in the Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections of this Item 7. Business Outlook Our payroll and PEO client base, including clients added through the acquisition of Paycor, was approximately 800,000 clients as of May 31, 2025 and approximately 745,000 clients as of May 31, 2024. Client retention remained high in the range of 82% to 83% of our beginning client base for both fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 and we have sustained high revenue retention. We continue to increase penetration of our integrated solutions beyond payroll processing, including our HR outsourcing (ASO and PEO) and retirement solutions. The following table illustrates selected HR solutions client metrics: As of May 31, 2025 2024 Change (1) Paychex HR solutions (ASO and PEO) client worksite employees 2,460,000 2,332,000 5 % Retirement solutions plans 124,000 121,000 3 % Asset value of retirement solutions participants funds $ 55.7 $ 51.8 8 % (1) Percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers. In fiscal 2025, we continued to make investments in technology a priority as companies look to leverage technology solutions to maintain operations, stay connected to employees, and increase productivity. We implemented enhancements to our Paychex Flex, Paycor, and SurePayroll platforms designed to improve the client and client employee experiences from hiring and onboarding through employee retention. We also continue to focus on AI and related technology to leverage innovative technology and advanced analytics to gain deeper insights into prospects and clients regarding their behavior, preferences, and evolving needs. In fiscal 2025, we successfully implemented several additional innovative AI models that significantly improved results for Paychex and our clients. We have further strengthened our position in the industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website (www.paychex.com) to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. The Paychex Insurance 22 Table of Contents Agency, Inc. website, www.paychex.com/group-health-insurance, helps small-business owners navigate the area of insurance coverage. Results of Operations Summary of Results of Operations for Fiscal Years: In millions, except per share amounts 2025 2024 Change (1) Revenue: Management Solutions $ 4,067.1 $ 3,866.4 5 % PEO and Insurance Solutions 1,342.9 1,265.6 6 % Total service revenue 5,410.0 5,132.0 5 % Interest on funds held for clients 161.7 146.3 10 % Total revenue 5,571.7 5,278.3 6 % Total expenses 3,364.0 3,104.2 8 % Operating income 2,207.7 2,174.1 2 % Interest expense (105.4 ) (37.3 ) n/m Other income, net 73.6 81.2 (9 ) % Income before income taxes 2,175.9 2,218.0 (2 ) % Income taxes 518.6 527.6 (2 ) % Effective income tax rate 23.8 % 23.8 % Net income $ 1,657.3 $ 1,690.4 (2 ) % Diluted earnings per share $ 4.58 $ 4.67 (2 ) % (1) Percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers. n/m not meaningful Total revenue increased to $5.6 billion for fiscal 2025, reflecting an increase of 6% compared to the prior year. The changes in revenue as compared to the prior year were primarily driven by the following factors: Management Solutions revenue: $4.1 billion for fiscal 2025, reflecting an increase of 5%: o Continued growth in the number of HCM solution clients and HR outsourcing solutions worksite employees; o Higher revenue per client resulting from price realization and product penetration, including HR solutions and retirement; o The acquisition of Paycor; offset by o Lower revenue from ancillary services, primarily due to the expiration of our Employee Retention Tax Credit ("ERTC") program. Excluding the acquisition of Paycor, Management Solutions revenue increased by 3% compared to the prior year. PEO and Insurance Solutions revenue: $1.3 billion for fiscal 2025, reflecting an increase of 6%: o Growth in the number of average PEO worksite employees; and o Increase in PEO insurance revenues. Interest on funds held for clients: $161.7 million for fiscal 2025, reflecting an increase of 10%: o Higher average interest rates; o Higher average investment balances; and o The acquisition of Paycor. Excluding the acquisition of Paycor, interest on funds held for clients increased by 7% compared to the prior year. 23 Table of Contents We invest in highly liquid, investment-grade fixed income securities. As of May 31, 2025, we had no exposure to high-risk or non-liquid investments. Details regarding our combined funds held for clients and corporate cash equivalents and investment portfolios are as follows: Year ended May 31, $ in millions 2025 2024 Average investment balances: Funds held for clients $ 4,699.5 $ 4,462.0 Corporate cash equivalents and investments 1,649.2 1,605.3 Total $ 6,348.7 $ 6,067.3 Average interest rates earned (exclusive of net realized gains/(losses)): Funds held for clients 3.4 % 3.3 % Corporate cash equivalents and investments 4.4 % 5.2 % Combined funds held for clients and corporate cash equivalents and investments 3.7 % 3.8 % Total net realized losses $ (0.4 ) $ (2.6 ) $ in millions As of May 31, 2025 2024 Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale ("AFS") securities (1) $ (53.6 ) $ (162.5 ) Federal Funds rate (2) 4.50 % 5.50 % Total fair value of AFS securities $ 3,755.5 $ 3,329.6 Weighted-average duration of AFS securities in years (3) 2.2 2.7 Weighted-average yield-to-maturity of AFS securities (3) 3.3 % 3.0 % (1) The net unrealized loss on our investment portfolios was approximately $49.6 million as of July 8, 2025. (2) The Federal Funds rate was in the range of 4.25% to 4.50% as of May 31, 2025 and in the range of 5.25% to 5.50% as of May 31, 2024. (3) These items exclude the impact of variable rate demand notes ( VRDNs ), as they are tied to short-term interest rates. Refer to the Market Risk Factors section contained in Item 7A of this Form 10-K for more information on changing interest rates. Total expenses: Total expenses, which reflects the total combined cost of service revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses, increased 8% to $3.4 billion compared to the prior year. The following table summarizes the components of total expenses: In millions 2025 2024 Change (1) Core business operations: Compensation-related expenses $ 1,853.0 $ 1,810.4 2 % PEO direct insurance costs 520.1 471.3 10 % Depreciation and amortization 168.8 176.5 (4 ) % Other expenses 659.8 606.5 9 % Non-core business operations: Acquisition-related costs 162.3 n/m Cost optimization initiatives 39.5 n/m Total expenses $ 3,364.0 $ 3,104.2 8 % (1) Percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers. n/m - not meaningful 24 Table of Contents The changes in total expenses as compared to the prior year were primarily driven by the following factors: Compensation-related expenses: $1.9 billion for fiscal 2025, reflecting a 2% increase: o The acquisition of Paycor. Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Paycor, compensation-related expenses were relatively flat compared to the prior year. PEO insurance costs: $520.1 million in fiscal 2025, reflecting a 10% increase: o Increase in PEO direct insurance costs related to growth in average worksite employees and wages, and PEO insurance revenues. Other expenses: $659.8 million in fiscal 2025, reflecting a 9% increase: o Continued investment in technology; and o The acquisition of Paycor. Acquisition-related costs: $162.3 million in fiscal 2025: o Acquisition-related costs include the amortization of intangibles acquired in the acquisition of Paycor, compensation costs related to the acquisition and integration of Paycor, including replacement awards, severance, and retention and transaction bonuses, and other acquisition-related costs, primarily reflecting professional service fees. Cost optimization initiatives: $39.5 million in fiscal 2024: o Cost optimization initiatives taken during the fourth quarter of 2024, included reductions to our geographic footprint, reprioritization of certain technology investments, and headcount optimization. Excluding the acquisition of Paycor and the prior year period cost optimization initiatives noted above, total expenses increased approximately 2% compared to the prior year. Operating income: Fiscal 2025 operating income was $2.2 billion, an increase of 2% compared to fiscal 2024. Adjusted operating income (1) of $2.4 billion, which excludes the acquisition related costs and cost optimization initiatives noted above, reflects an increase of 7%. Operating income for fiscal 2025 was impacted by the acquisition of Paycor and the expiration of the ERTC program. Operating margin (operating income as a percentage of total revenue) and adjusted operating margin (1) (adjusted operating income (1) as a percentage of total revenue) were as follows: Fiscal Year 2025 2024 Operating margin 39.6 % 41.2 % Adjusted operating margin (1) 42.5 % 41.9 % Interest expense: Interest expense increased $68.1 million to $105.4 million in fiscal 2025, primarily due to the issuance of incremental debt to finance the acquisition of Paycor and acquisition-related costs included in interest expense. Other income, net: Other income, net decreased 9% to $73.6 million in fiscal 2025, as a result of lower average interest rates earned on our corporate investments, partially offset by higher average investment balances. Income taxes: Our effective income tax rate was 23.8% for fiscal 2025 and 2024. The effective income tax rates in both periods were affected by the recognition of discrete tax impacts related to employee stock-based compensation payments. Refer to Note L of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional disclosures on income taxes. Net income and diluted earnings per share: Net income was $1.7 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2024. Diluted earnings per share was $4.58 per diluted share for fiscal 2025 and $4.67 per diluted share for fiscal 2024. Refer to Note C of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information on dilutive shares outstanding. Adjusted net income (1) was $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, reflecting an increase of 5%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share (1) was $4.98 per diluted share and $4.72 per diluted share for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively, reflecting an increase of 6%. 25 Table of Contents (1) Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share are not U.S. GAAP measures. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for a discussion of these non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure of operating income, operating margin, net income and diluted earnings per share. Non-GAAP Financial Measures: Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ( EBITDA ), and adjusted EBITDA are summarized as follows: $ in millions, except per share amounts 2025 2024 Change (1) Operating income $ 2,207.7 $ 2,174.1 2 % Non-GAAP adjustments: Acquisition-related costs (2) 162.3 Cost optimization initiatives (3) 39.5 Adjusted operating income $ 2,370.0 $ 2,213.6 7 % Adjusted operating margin 42.5 % 41.9 % Net income $ 1,657.3 $ 1,690.4 (2 ) % Non-GAAP adjustments: Acquisition-related costs (2) 196.3 Cost optimization initiatives (3) 39.5 Tax impact of above adjustments (40.6 ) (9.6 ) Excess tax benefit related to employee stock-based compensation payments (4) (10.1 ) (11.2 ) Adjusted net income $ 1,802.9 $ 1,709.1 5 % Diluted earnings per share (5) $ 4.58 $ 4.67 (2 ) % Non-GAAP adjustments: Acquisition-related costs (2) 0.54 Cost optimization initiatives (3) 0.11 Tax impact of above adjustments (0.11 ) (0.03 ) Excess tax benefit related to employee stock-based compensation payments (4) (0.03 ) (0.03 ) Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 4.98 $ 4.72 6 % Net income $ 1,657.3 $ 1,690.4 (2 ) % Non-GAAP adjustments: Interest expense/(income), net 32.6 (45.4 ) Income taxes 518.6 527.6 Depreciation and amortization expense 209.5 176.5 EBITDA $ 2,418.0 $ 2,349.1 3 % Non-GAAP adjustments: Acquisition-related costs (2) 121.6 Cost optimization initiatives (3) 39.5 Adjusted EBITDA $ 2,539.6 $ 2,388.6 6 % (1) Percentage changes are calculated based on unrounded numbers. (2) Acquisition-related costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses include $40.7 million in amortization of intangibles acquired in the acquisition of Paycor, $70.8 million in compensation costs related to the acquisition and integration of Paycor, including replacement awards, severance, and retention and transaction bonuses, and $50.8 million in other acquisition-related costs, primarily reflecting professional service fees. Acquisition-related costs included in interest expense includes $34.0 million reflecting the amortization of financing fees related to debt instruments associated with the financing of the Paycor acquisition and the excluded component of the initial fair value of the interest rate swaption contracts ("Swaption Contracts"). 26 Table of Contents (3) Cost optimization initiatives recognized in fiscal 2024 include further reductions to our geographic footprint, reprioritization of certain technology investments, and headcount optimization. (4) Net tax windfall related to employee stock-based compensation payments recognized in income taxes. This item is subject to volatility and will vary based on employee decisions on exercising employee stock options and fluctuations in our stock price, neither of which is within the control of management. (5) The calculation of the impact of non-GAAP adjustments on diluted earnings per share is performed on each line independently. The table may not add down by +/- $0.01 due to rounding. In addition to reporting operating income, operating margin, net income and diluted earnings per share, which are U.S. GAAP measures, we present adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. We believe these additional measures are indicators of the performance of our core business operations period over period. Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, are not calculated through the application of U.S. GAAP and are not required forms of disclosure by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). As such, they should not be considered a substitute for the U.S. GAAP measures of operating income, operating margin, net income, and diluted earnings per share, and, therefore, they should not be used in isolation but in conjunction with the U.S. GAAP measures. The use of any non-GAAP measure may produce results that vary from the U.S. GAAP measure and may not be comparable to a similarly defined non-GAAP measure used by other companies. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our financial position as of May 31, 2025 remained strong with cash, restricted cash, and total corporate investments of $1.7 billion. Short-term borrowings of $18.6 million and long-term borrowings of $5.0 billion were outstanding as of May 31, 2025. Our unused capacity under our unsecured credit facilities was $2.0 billion as of May 31, 2025. Our primary source of cash is our ongoing operations, which was $1.9 billion for fiscal 2025. Our positive cash flows have allowed us to support our business, and pay dividends. We currently anticipate that corporate cash, corporate restricted cash, and total corporate investments as of May 31, 2025, along with projected operating cash flows and available short-term financing, will support our business operations, capital purchases, primarily investments in our technology solutions, share repurchases, dividend payments, acquisitions and debt service for the foreseeable future. For client funds liquidity, we have the ability to borrow on our unsecured credit facilities or use corporate liquidity when necessary to meet short-term funding needs related to client fund obligations. Historically, we have borrowed, typically on an overnight basis, to settle short-term client fund obligations, rather than liquidate previously collected client funds invested in our long-term AFS portfolio. We believe that our investments in an unrealized loss position as of May 31, 2025 were not impaired due to increased credit risk or other valuation concerns, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date to indicate any change in our assessment. We do not intend to sell these investments until recovery of their amortized cost basis or maturity and further believe that it is not more-than-likely that we would be required to sell these investments prior to that time. Financing Short-term financing: We maintain committed and unsecured credit facilities and irrevocable letters of credit as part of our normal and recurring business operations. The purpose of these credit facilities is to meet short-term funding requirements, finance working capital needs, and for general corporate purposes. We typically borrow on an overnight or short-term basis on our credit facilities. Refer to Note M of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on our credit facilities. Details of our credit facilities are as follows: Maximum May 31, 2025 Amount Outstanding Available $ in millions Expiration Date Available Amount Amount Credit facilities: JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. ( JPM ) April 12, 2029 $ 1,000.0 $ $ 1,000.0 JPM September 17, 2026 $ 750.0 750.0 PNC Bank, National Association ( PNC ) February 6, 2026 $ 250.0 18.6 231.4 Total Lines of Credit Outstanding and Available $ 18.6 $ 1,981.4 27 Table of Contents Amounts outstanding under the PNC credit facility as of May 31, 2025 remain outstanding as of the date of this report. Details of borrowings under each credit facility during fiscal 2025 were as follows: Year ended May 31, 2025 Credit Facility $1 Billion $750 Million $250 Million $ in millions JPM JPM PNC Number of days borrowed 3 365 Maximum amount borrowed $ 201.5 $ $ 243.9 Weighted-average amount borrowed $ 104.3 $ $ 20.1 Weighted-average interest rate 8.22 % % 5.12 % We primarily use short-term borrowings to settle client fund obligations, rather than liquidating previously collected client funds invested in our long-term AFS investment portfolio. Subsequent to May 31, 2025, there were no additional overnight borrowings under our PNC and JPM credit facilities. We expect to have access to the amounts available under our current credit facilities to meet our ongoing financial needs. However, if we experience reductions in our operating cash flows due to any of the risk factors outlined in, but not limited to, Item 1A in this Form 10-K and other SEC filings, we may need to adjust our capital, operating, and other discretionary spending to realign our working capital requirements with the capital resources available to us. Furthermore, if we determine the need for additional short-term liquidity, there is no assurance that such financing, if pursued and obtained, would be adequate or on terms acceptable to us. Letters of credit: As of May 31, 2025, we had irrevocable standby letters of credit available totaling $165.0 million, required to secure commitments for certain insurance policies. The letters of credit expire at various dates between June 1, 2025 and February 27, 2027. No amounts were outstanding on these letters of credit during fiscal 2025 or fiscal 2024, or as of May 31, 2025 and May 31, 2024. Subsequent to May 31, 2025, eight letters of credit expired and were renewed for one year terms. Long-term financing: We have borrowed $4.2 billion through the issuance of three fixed rate corporate bonds ("Corporate Bonds") and $0.8 billion through the issuance of long-term private placement debt ( Senior Notes ). Refer to Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on our long-term financing. Bridge Loan Commitment: On January 7, 2025, we and our subsidiary, Paychex of New York, LLC, entered into a bridge loan commitment with JPM, pursuant to which JPM committed to provide a 364-day senior unsecured credit facility not to exceed $3.5 billion for the acquisition of Paycor, including related fees and expenses. We incurred $14.9 million in debt financing fees, including structuring and commitment fees, which were capitalized as Prepaid expenses and other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognized as interest expense on a straight-line basis through the issuance date of our Corporate Bonds. The bridge loan commitment expired upon the issuance our Corporate Bonds. Refer to Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on our long-term financing. Interest Rate Swaption Contracts: On January 31, 2025, we executed three Swaption Contracts with JPM. The Swaption Contracts qualified as cash flow hedges, had an aggregate notional amount of $3.0 billion, and were utilized to manage exposure to fluctuations in benchmark interest rates associated with the issuance of Corporate Bonds to fund our acquisition of Paycor. At inception, we recorded Swaption Contract assets related to paid premiums of $19.2 million. The fair value of the Swaption Contract assets were classified as Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon issuance of our Corporate Bonds, the Swaption Contracts expired unexercised. Other commitments: The Company has various long-term contractual obligations as of May 31, 2025, which include: operating leases for $84.1 million; purchase obligations for $384.1 million; workers compensation estimated obligations for $236.8 million; and long-term Corporate Bonds and Senior Notes for $5.0 billion, plus interest payments of $1.7 billion. 28 Table of Contents Refer to Notes A, I, N, and Q of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on these commitments. The liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and net of federal benefits, was approximately $108.6 million as of May 31, 2025. Refer to Note L of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on income taxes. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to this liability. We are a limited partner in five limited partnership arrangements to contribute a maximum of $37.0 million to venture capital funds. As of May 31, 2025, we have contributed $29.0 million of the total funding commitment. The timing of future contributions to be made to these venture capital funds cannot be specifically or reasonably determined. Our investments in these venture capital funds are not considered part of our ongoing operations, are accounted for under the equity method, and represented less than one percent of our total assets as of May 31, 2025. In the normal course of business, we make representations and warranties that guarantee the performance of services under service arrangements with clients. Historically, there have been no material losses related to such commitment. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with our officers, directors, and non-officer fiduciaries of our pooled employer plan retirement offering, which require us to defend and, if necessary, indemnify these individuals for certain pending or future legal claims as they relate to their services provided to us. We currently self-insure the deductible portion of various insured exposures under certain corporate and PEO employee health, medical, and workers' compensation benefit plans. Our estimated loss exposure under these insurance arrangements is recorded in other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Historically, the amounts accrued have not been material and were not material as of May 31, 2025. We also maintain corporate insurance coverage in addition to our purchased primary insurance policies for gap coverage for employment practices liability, errors and omissions, warranty liability, theft and embezzlement, cyber threats, and acts of terrorism; and capacity for deductibles and self-insured retention through our captive insurance company. Operating, Investing, and Financing Cash Flow Activities Primary sources of cash, restricted cash, and equivalents are through collections for services rendered to our customers and interest earned on funds held for clients and corporate investments. Primary uses of cash include employee compensation and contractual obligations related to business operations, cash dividends paid, share repurchases, purchases of property and equipment, servicing our long term debt, and acquisitions. Our investment portfolio incorporates both corporate cash and funds held for clients. Interest rates, market conditions, and our variable cash flows are among several factors influencing our investment strategy directing the mix between long-term and VRDN AFS securities vs. short-term restricted cash and cash equivalents held in the portfolio. A portfolio strategy that favors larger balances held in restricted cash and cash equivalents may impact our investing activities due to the offsetting activity in the purchases and sales/maturities of AFS investments. Our cash flows include certain activities that are short-term in nature and have an impact on short-term cash flows due to timing of collection and settlement of obligations as follows: PEO receivables and worksite-employee ("WSE") accrued compensation: PEO receivables and WSE accrued compensation fluctuate based on either/both: (1) the timing of the payroll cut-off date and the Company s month-end close, and (2) the timing of when cash is collected from the customer, and it is remitted to either the WSE for wages earned or applicable tax or regulatory agencies for payroll taxes. PEO accounts receivable collections and compensation payments to WSEs and applicable tax or regulatory agencies are settled through our corporate cash and the fluctuations impact our operating activities. Client fund obligations: Client fund obligations liability will vary based on the timing of when cash is collected from the clients and when it is remitted to employees of the clients utilizing employee payment services or applicable tax or regulatory agencies for payroll tax administration services. Collections from clients are typically remitted from one to 30 days after receipt, with some items extending to 90 days. Fluctuations in client fund obligations impact financing activities. 29 Table of Contents Summarized cash operating, investing, and financing cash flow information is as follows for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024: Year ended May 31, In millions 2025 2024 Change Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,900.9 $ 1,897.7 $ 3.2 Net cash used in investing activities (3,356.8 ) (260.9 ) (3,095.9 ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 2,293.2 (1,874.7 ) 4,167.9 Net change in cash, restricted cash, and equivalents $ 837.3 $ (237.9 ) $ 1,075.2 Cash dividends per common share $ 4.02 $ 3.65 The changes in our cash flows for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 were primarily the result of the following key drivers: Operating Cash Flow Activities Fiscal 2025 Net income attributable to the reasons discussed in the Results of Operations section of this Item 7; and An increase in accrued interest related to our Corporate Bonds; offset by A net decrease in refunds owed to our PEO clients related to tax benefits allowed under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. Fiscal 2024 Net income attributable to the reasons discussed in the Results of Operations section of this Item 7; Net changes in PEO assets and liabilities as a result of the timing of cash collected and the settlement of payroll taxes; Net realized losses on the disposal of assets primarily due to our cost optimization initiatives; and Increase in income tax reserves related to unrecognized tax positions taken for years still subject to audit by regulatory bodies; offset by Decrease in accrued corporate compensation primarily due to a decrease in incentive compensation tied to performance measures and the timing of payroll payments at month-end. Investing Cash Flow Activities Fiscal 2025 Cash used primarily for the acquisition of Paycor. We financed the acquisition of Paycor by issuing fixed-rate corporate bonds Refer to Note D and Note N of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on these transactions; Net purchases of short-term accounts receivable due to an increase in our client base, and funding to existing client base, and the timing of net cash collections; and Cash used to develop and enhance our client-facing internal-use software and the acquisition of third-party customer lists. Fiscal 2024 Cash used for the acquisition of Alterna Capital Solutions, LLC and settlement of its outstanding debt at closing. Refer to Note D of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on this transaction; Cash used to develop and enhance our client-facing internal-use software and the acquisition of third-party customer lists; Net purchases of short-term accounts receivable due to an increase in our client base, and funding to existing client base, and the timing of net cash collections; and Net sales from AFS securities primarily due to a shift from investing in VRDNs to reinvesting in cash and cash equivalents due to more favorable interest rates. We had no VRDN holdings at May 31, 2024 compared to $344.1 million at May 31, 2023. 30 Table of Contents Financing Cash Flow Activities Fiscal 2025 Proceeds received from the issuance of Corporate Bonds. The proceeds received were used to acquire Paycor; Cumulative dividends paid at $4.02 per share for fiscal 2025. The payment of future dividends is dependent on our future earnings and cash flow and is subject to the discretion of our Board; and Repurchases of 0.8 million shares of our common stock at a weighted-average price of $125.50. These shares were retired immediately upon purchase. Fiscal 2024 Cumulative dividends paid at $3.65 per share for fiscal 2024. The payment of future dividends is dependent on our future earnings and cash flow and is subject to the discretion of our Board; Decrease in client fund obligations related to the timing of collections and remittances of semi-weekly tax payments that were deferred at the end of fiscal 2023 as a result of the Memorial Day holiday; and Repurchases of 1.5 million shares of our common stock at a weighted-average price of $115.37. These shares were retired immediately upon purchase; offset by Cash activity related to equity-based plans. Other Recently issued accounting pronouncements: Refer to Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K discusses the significant accounting policies of Paychex. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, future expectations, and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. Actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates. Certain accounting policies that are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below. Revenue recognition: Revenues are primarily attributable to fees for providing services as well as investment income earned on funds held for clients. Fees associated with services are recognized when control of the contracted services is transferred to our clients, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for such services. Our service revenue is largely attributable to processing services where the fee is based on a fixed amount per processing period or a fixed amount per processing period plus a fee per employee or transaction processed. Insurance Solutions revenues are recognized when commissions are earned on premiums billed and collected. Fees earned for the purchase of client's accounts receivable under non-recourse arrangements are based on a percentage of funding amounts as specified in the client contract. These fees are then recognized over the average collection period of 35 to 50 days for clients in the temporary staffing agency market and approximately 5 to 15 days for other clients. The revenue earned from delivery service for the distribution of certain client payroll checks and reports is included in service revenue, and the costs for the delivery are included in cost of service revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. We receive advance payments for set-up fees from our clients. Advance payments received for certain of our service offerings for set-up fees are considered a material right. Therefore, we defer the revenue associated with these advance payments, recognizing the revenue and related expenses over the expected period to which the material right exists. PEO Solutions revenue is included in service revenue and is reported net of certain pass-through costs billed and incurred, which include payroll wages, payroll taxes, including federal and state unemployment insurance, and certain health insurance benefit premiums, primarily costs related to our guaranteed cost benefit plans. Direct costs related to workers compensation and certain benefit plans where we retain risk are recognized as cost of service revenue rather than as a reduction in service revenue. 31 Table of Contents Interest on funds held for clients is earned primarily on funds that are collected from clients before due dates for payroll tax administration services and for employee payment services and invested until remittance to the applicable tax or regulatory agencies or client employees. These collections from clients are typically remitted from one to 30 days after receipt, with some items extending to 90 days. The interest earned on these funds is included in total revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income because the collecting, holding, and remitting of these funds are components of providing these services. Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain and Fulfill Contracts: We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a client if it is expected that the economic benefit and amortization period will be longer than one year. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract include only those costs that are directly related to the acquisition of new contracts and that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. We do not incur incremental costs to obtain a contract renewal. We determined that certain sales commissions and bonuses, including related fringe benefits, meet the capitalization criteria under Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs: Contracts with Customers ( ASC 340-40 ). We also recognize an asset for the costs to fulfill a contract with a client if the costs are specifically identifiable, generate or enhance resources used to satisfy future performance obligations, and are expected to be recovered. We determined that substantially all costs related to implementation activities are administrative in nature and meet the capitalization criteria under ASC 340-40. These capitalized costs to fulfill a contract principally relate to upfront direct costs that are expected to be recovered and enhance our ability to satisfy future performance obligations. The assets related to both costs to obtain and costs to fulfill contracts with clients are capitalized and amortized using an accelerated method over an eight-year life to closely align with the pattern of client attrition over the estimated life of the client relationship. We regularly review our deferred costs for potential impairment and did not recognize an impairment loss during fiscal 2025 or 2024. PEO insurance reserves: As part of our PEO solution, we offer workers compensation insurance and health insurance to clients for the benefit of client employees. Workers compensation insurance is primarily provided under fully insured high deductible workers compensation insurance policies. Workers compensation insurance reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims up to per occurrence liability limits. These reserves include estimates of certain expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. In establishing the PEO workers compensation insurance reserves, we use an independent actuarial estimate of undiscounted future cash payments that would be made to settle claims. The determination of estimated ultimate losses by our independent actuary are based on accepted actuarial methods and assumptions. The estimated ultimate losses are primarily based upon loss development factors, and other factors such as the nature of employees job responsibilities, the historical frequency and severity of workers compensation claims, and an estimate of future cost trends. Each reporting period, changes in actuarial assumptions resulting from changes in actual claims experience and other trends are incorporated into our workers compensation claims cost estimates. With respect to our PEO health insurance, we offer various health insurance plans that take the form of either fully insured guaranteed cost plans or fully insured insurance arrangements where we retain risk. A reserve for insurance arrangements where we retain risk is established to provide for the payment of claims in accordance with our service contract with the carrier. The claims liability includes estimates for reported losses, plus amounts for those claims incurred but not reported, and estimates of certain expenses associated with processing and settling the claims. Estimating the ultimate cost of future claims is an uncertain and complex process based upon historical loss experience and accepted actuarial methods and assumptions, and is subject to change due to multiple factors, including economic trends, changes in legal liability law, and damage awards, all of which could materially impact the reserves as reported in the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, final claim settlements may vary from the present estimates, particularly with workers compensation insurance where those payments may not occur until well into the future. We regularly review the adequacy of our estimated insurance reserves. Adjustments to previously established reserves are reflected in the results of operations for the period in which the adjustment is identified. Such adjustments could possibly be significant, reflecting any combination of new and adverse or favorable trends. Adjustments to previously established reserves were not material for fiscal 2025 or 2024. Goodwill and other intangible assets: Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change in a way to indicate that there has been a potential decline in the fair value of a reporting unit. We perform our annual impairment testing in our fiscal fourth quarter. During fiscal 2025 and 2024, a qualitative analysis was performed for all reporting units. The qualitative assessment considered various financial, macroeconomic, industry, and reporting unit specific qualitative factors. Based on the results of our testing, no impairment loss was recognized in the results of operations for fiscal 2025 or 2024. Subsequent to the latest review, there have been no events or circumstances that indicate any potential impairment of the Company s goodwill balance. 32 Table of Contents We also test intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for potential impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events or changes in circumstances change in a way that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We have determined that there is no impairment of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for fiscal 2025 or 2024 as a result of the qualitative analyses performed. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives and operating lease right-of-use assets, are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. We have determined that there is no impairment of long-lived assets for fiscal 2025 or as of May 31, 2025. Stock-based compensation costs: All stock-based awards to employees are recognized as compensation costs in our consolidated financial statements based on their fair values measured as of the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of stock option grants using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model requires various assumptions as inputs including expected volatility of the Paychex stock price and expected option life. Volatility is estimated based on a combination of historical volatility using stock prices over a period equal to the expected option life and implied market volatility. Expected option life is estimated based on historical exercise behavior. We periodically reassess our assumptions as well as our choice of valuation model. We will reconsider use of this model if additional information becomes available in the future indicating that another model would provide a more accurate estimate of fair value, or if characteristics of future grants would warrant such a change. The fair value of time-based stock awards is determined based on the stock price at the date of grant. For grants that do not accrue dividends or dividend equivalents, the fair value is the stock price reduced by the present value of estimated dividends over the vesting period or performance period. The fair value of performance-based stock awards that include a market condition is estimated based on a Monte Carlo simulation. The Monte Carlo simulation requires various assumptions as inputs including the expected volatility of the Paychex stock price and the stock prices of the companies that comprise the designated peer group. Stock price volatility of the Company and the designated peer group is estimated based on historical volatility, using stock prices over a period equal to the measurement period of the award. We estimate forfeitures and only record compensation costs for those awards that are expected to vest. Our assumptions for forfeitures were determined based on type of award and historical experience. Forfeiture assumptions are adjusted at the point in time a significant change is identified, with any adjustment recorded in the period of change, and the final adjustment at the end of the requisite service period to equal actual forfeitures. The assumptions of volatility, expected option life, and forfeitures all require significant judgment and are subject to change in the future due to factors such as employee exercise behavior, stock price trends, and changes to type or provisions of stock-based awards. Any material change in one or more of these assumptions could have a material impact on the estimated fair value of a future award. The Company periodically reassesses its assumptions as well as its choice of valuation models. The Company will reconsider use of its valuation models if additional information becomes available in the future indicating that another model would provide a more accurate estimate of fair value or if characteristics of future grants would warrant such a change. Refer to Note F of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of our stock-based compensation plans. Business combinations: We account for acquisitions in accordance with the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 805, Business Combinations (ASC 805), using the acquisition method of accounting. We allocate the purchase price consideration associated with its acquisitions to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective acquisition dates, with the excess recorded to goodwill. This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments in determining fair value of the following: Intangible assets, including valuation methodology, estimations of future cash flows, discount rates, market segment growth rates, and our assumed market share, as well as the estimated useful life of intangible assets; Deferred tax assets and liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and tax-related valuation allowances, which are initially estimated as of the acquisition date; 33 Table of Contents Goodwill as measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed; and Pre-existing liabilities and legal claims, and contingent consideration, each as may be applicable. Our assumptions and estimates are based upon comparable market data and information obtained from management and the management of the acquired companies. These assumptions and estimates are used to value assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and to allocate goodwill to the reporting units of the business that are expected to benefit from the business combination. Adjustments to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. We may engage valuation specialists to assist in the fair value measurement of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for each acquisition. Income taxes: We account for deferred taxes by recognizing deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the fiscal year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record a deferred tax asset related to the stock-based compensation costs recognized for certain stock-based awards. At the time of the exercise of non-qualified stock options or vesting of stock awards, we recognize any excess tax benefit within income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. We maintain a reserve for uncertain tax positions. We evaluate tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return for recognition in our consolidated financial statements. Prior to recording the related tax benefit in our consolidated financial statements, we must conclude that tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained, assuming those positions will be examined by taxing authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. The benefit recognized in our consolidated financial statements is the amount we expect to realize after examination by taxing authorities. If a tax position drops below the more-likely-than-not standard, the benefit can no longer be recognized. Assumptions, judgment, and the use of estimates are required in determining if the more-likely-than-not standard has been met when developing the provision for income taxes and in determining the expected benefit. A change in the assessment of the more-likely-than-not standard could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. Refer to Note L of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of our reserve for uncertain tax positions. Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market Risk Factors Changes in interest rates and interest rate risk: Funds held for clients are primarily comprised of short-term funds and AFS securities. Corporate investments are primarily comprised of AFS securities. As a result of our investing activities, we are exposed to changes in interest rates that may materially affect our results of operations and financial position. Changes in interest rates will impact the earnings potential of future investments and will cause fluctuations in the fair value of our long-term AFS securities. We follow an investment strategy of protecting principal and optimizing liquidity. A substantial portion of our portfolios are invested in high credit quality securities with ratings of AA or higher, and A-1/P-1 ratings on short-term securities. We invest predominately in corporate bonds; municipal bonds; U.S. government agency securities; and VRDNs when available in the market. We limit the amounts that can be invested in any single issuer and invest primarily in short- to intermediate-term instruments whose fair value is less sensitive to interest rate changes. We manage the AFS securities to a benchmark duration of two to three and one-quarter years. During fiscal 2025, our primary short-term investment vehicles were U.S. government agency discount notes and bank demand deposit accounts. We have no exposure to high-risk or non-liquid investments. We have insignificant exposure to European investments. During fiscal 2025, the average interest rate earned on our combined funds held for clients and corporate cash equivalents and investment portfolios was 3.7%, compared to 3.8% for fiscal 2024. When interest rates are falling, the full impact of lower interest rates will not immediately be reflected in net income due to the interaction of short- and long-term interest rate changes. During a falling interest rate environment, earnings will decrease from our short-term investments, and over time, will decrease from our longer-term AFS securities. Earnings from the AFS securities, which as of May 31, 2025 had an average duration of 2.2 years, would not reflect decreases in interest rates until the investments are sold or mature and the proceeds are reinvested at lower rates. The amortized cost and fair value of AFS securities that had stated maturities as of May 31, 2025 are shown below by expected maturity. 34 Table of Contents May 31, 2025 Amortized Fair In millions cost value Maturity date: Due in one year or less $ 624.4 $ 618.6 Due after one year through three years 2,128.2 2,086.2 Due after three years through five years 770.7 762.9 Due after five years 285.8 287.8 Total $ 3,809.1 $ 3,755.5 VRDNs, when held by us, are primarily categorized as due after five years in the table above as the contractual maturities on these securities are typically 20 to 30 years. Although these securities are issued as long-term securities, they are priced and traded as short-term instruments because of the liquidity provided through the tender feature. As of May 31, 2025 and 2024, the Federal Funds rate was in the range of 4.25% to 4.50% and in the range of 5.25% to 5.50%, respectively. There continues to be uncertainty in the changing market and economic conditions, including the possibility of additional measures that could be taken by the U.S. President, the Federal Reserve and other government agencies related to the overall macroeconomic environment. We will continue to monitor the market and economic conditions. Calculating the future effects of changing interest rates involves many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to: governmental action to address inflation and/or intervene to support financial markets; daily interest rate changes; seasonal variations in investment balances; actual duration of short-term and AFS securities; the proportion of taxable and tax-exempt investments; changes in tax-exempt municipal rates versus taxable investment rates, which are not synchronized or simultaneous; and financial market volatility and the resulting effect on benchmark and other indexing interest rates. Subject to these factors and under normal financial market conditions, a 25-basis-point change in taxable interest rates generally affects our tax-exempt interest rates by approximately 19 basis points. Under normal financial market conditions, the impact to earnings from a 25-basis-point change in short-term interest rates would be approximately $6.0 million to $6.5 million, after taxes, for a twelve-month period. Such a basis point change may or may not be tied to changes in the Federal Funds rate. Our total investment portfolio (funds held for clients and corporate cash equivalents and investments) averaged approximately $6.3 billion for fiscal 2025. Our anticipated allocation is approximately 45% invested in short-term securities and VRDNs with an average duration of less than 30 days, and 55% invested in available-for-sale securities with an average duration of two to three and one-quarter years. The combined funds held for clients and corporate available-for-sale securities reflected net unrealized losses of $53.6 million and $162.5 million as of May 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Refer to Note H of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional disclosures on fair value measurements. During fiscal 2025, the net unrealized loss on our investment portfolios ranged from $41.8 million to $162.5 million. During fiscal 2024, the net unrealized loss on our investment portfolios ranged from $127.5 million to $259.6 million. The net unrealized loss on our investment portfolios was approximately $49.6 million as of July 8, 2025. As of May 31, 2025 and 2024, we had $3.8 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively, invested in AFS securities at fair value. The weighted-average yield-to-maturity was 3.3% and 3.0% as of May 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The weighted-average yield-to-maturity excludes AFS securities tied to short-term interest rates, such as VRDNs, when held. Assuming a hypothetical decrease in longer-term interest rates of 25 basis points, the resulting potential increase in fair value for our portfolio of AFS securities as of May 31, 2025, would be in a range of approximately $20.0 million to $25.0 million. Conversely, a corresponding increase in interest rates would result in a comparable decrease in fair value. This hypothetical decrease or increase in the fair value of the portfolio would be recorded as an adjustment to the portfolio s recorded value, with an offsetting amount recorded in stockholders equity. These fluctuations in fair value would have no related or immediate impact on our results of operations unless any declines in fair value are due to credit related concerns and an impairment loss recognized. 35 Table of Contents We are also exposed to interest rate risk through the use of our credit facilities as outlined in Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this Form 10-K. If interest rates were to increase, or we increase the frequency or amounts borrowed under these credit facilities, we could experience additional interest expense and a corresponding decrease in earnings. Credit risk: We are exposed to credit risk in connection with these investments through the possible inability of the borrowers to meet the terms of their bonds. We regularly review our investment portfolios to determine if any investment is impaired due to increased credit risk or other valuation concerns and we believe that the investments we held as of May 31, 2025 were not impaired as a result of the previously discussed reasons. While $2.0 billion of our AFS securities had fair values that were below amortized cost, we believe that it is probable that the principal and interest will be collected in accordance with the contractual terms, and that the gross unrealized losses of $68.0 million were due to changes in interest rates and were not due to increased credit risk or other valuation concerns. Most of the AFS securities in an unrealized loss position as of May 31, 2025 and 2024 held an AA rating or better. We do not intend to sell these investments until the recovery of their amortized cost basis or maturity, and further believe that it is not more-likely-than-not that we will be required to sell these investments prior to that time. Our assessment that an investment is not impaired due to increased credit risk or other valuation concerns could change in the future due to new developments, including changes in our strategies or assumptions related to any particular investment. We have some credit risk exposure relating to our purchase of client accounts receivable under non-recourse arrangements. There is also credit risk exposure relating to our trade accounts receivable. These credit risk exposures are diversified among multiple client arrangements and all such arrangements are regularly reviewed for potential write-off. No single client is material in respect to total accounts receivable, service revenue, or results of operations. Market risk: We have an ongoing monitoring system for financial institutions we conduct business with and maintain cash balances at large well-capitalized (as defined by their regulators) financial institutions. We closely monitor market conditions and take appropriate measures, when necessary, to minimize potential risk exposure to our client s and our cash and investment balances. 36 Table of Contents Ite m 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data TABLE OF CONTENTS Description Page Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 38 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238 ) 39 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended May 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 42 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2025 and 2024 43 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended May 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 44 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended May 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 45 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 46 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended May 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 78 37 Table of Contents REPO RT ON MANAGEMENT S ASSESSMENT OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of Paychex, Inc. (the Company ) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2025. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, management determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2025. On April 14, 2025, we completed our acquisition of Paycor HCM, Inc. ( Paycor ). We are in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of and integrating Paycor into our internal control over financial reporting. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff guidance, permitting a company to exclude an acquired business from management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for the year in which the acquisition is completed, we have excluded Paycor from our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2025. Paycor represented approximately 8% of the Company s total assets as of May 31, 2025 and approximately 2% of the Company s revenues for the year ended May 31, 2025. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, is appointed by the Company s Audit Committee. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2025, and as a part of their integrated audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ John B. Gibson John B. Gibson President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Robert L. Schrader Robert L. Schrader Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 38 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting F irm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Paychex, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Paychex, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of May 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2025, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report on Management's Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. As described in the Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Paycor HCM, Inc. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2025, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2025. We have also excluded Paycor HCM, Inc. from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Paycor HCM, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent approximately 8% and 2%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended May 31, 2025. 39 Table of Contents Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Professional Employer Organization (PEO) Workers Compensation Insurance Reserves As described in Note A to the consolidated financial statements, the Company offers workers compensation insurance to clients for the benefit of client employees. Workers compensation insurance is primarily provided under fully insured high deductible workers compensation insurance policies. Workers compensation insurance reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims up to per occurrence liability limits. As of May 31, 2025, the total liability for workers compensation insurance reserves is $236.8 million. In establishing the PEO workers' compensation insurance reserves, management uses an independent actuarial estimate of undiscounted future cash payments that would be made to settle the claims. The determination of estimated ultimate losses by the Company s independent actuary are based on accepted actuarial methods and assumptions. The estimated ultimate losses are primarily based upon loss development factors, and other factors such as the nature of employees job responsibilities, the historical frequency and severity of workers compensation claims, and an estimate of future cost trends. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to PEO workers compensation insurance reserves is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the PEO workers compensation insurance reserves; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s significant assumptions and actuarial estimates related to the loss development factors; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 40 Table of Contents Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s PEO workers compensation insurance reserves, including controls over the development of management s assumptions and actuarial estimates related to the loss development factors. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in management s estimate of the PEO workers compensation insurance reserves and (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in (a) developing an independent estimate of the PEO workers compensation insurance reserves and comparing the independent estimate to management s estimate and (b) evaluating the appropriateness of management s model and the reasonableness of management s assumptions and actuarial estimates related to the loss development factors. Acquisition of Paycor HCM, Inc. Valuation of Customer Relationships As described in Note D to the consolidated financial statements, on April 14, 2025, the Company completed its acquisition of Paycor for total purchase consideration of $4.1 billion. The acquired intangible assets included $1.12 billion of customer relationships. The fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset was estimated by management using a multi-period excess earnings method. Management s cash flow projections for the acquired Paycor customer relationships reflected significant judgments and assumptions including the revenue growth rate, customer attrition rate, and discount rate. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of customer relationships recorded in connection with the acquisition of Paycor is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the acquired customer relationships; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the revenue growth rate, customer attrition rate, and discount rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management s valuation of the acquired customer relationships. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement; (ii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the acquired customer relationships; (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the multi-period excess earnings method used by management; (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the multi-period excess earnings method; and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the revenue growth rate, customer attrition rate, and discount rate. Evaluating management s assumption related to the revenue growth rate involved considering (i) the current and past performance of the Paycor business; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the multi-period excess earnings method and (ii) the reasonableness of the customer attrition rate and discount rate assumptions. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Fairport, New York July 11, 2025 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 41 Table of Contents PAYCHEX, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND CO MPREHENSIVE INCOME In millions, except per share amounts Year ended May 31, 2025 2024 2023 Revenue: Management Solutions $ 4,067.1 $ 3,866.4 $ 3,730.5 PEO and Insurance Solutions 1,342.9 1,265.6 1,176.8 Total service revenue 5,410.0 5,132.0 4,907.3 Interest on funds held for clients 161.7 146.3 99.8 Total revenue 5,571.7 5,278.3 5,007.1 Expenses: Cost of service revenue 1,540.4 1,479.3 1,453.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,823.6 1,624.9 1,521.0 Total expenses 3,364.0 3,104.2 2,974.0 Operating income 2,207.7 2,174.1 2,033.1 Interest expense ( 105.4 ) ( 37.3 ) ( 36.7 ) Other income, net 73.6 81.2 51.8 Income before income taxes 2,175.9 2,218.0 2,048.2 Income taxes 518.6 527.6 490.9 Net income $ 1,657.3 $ 1,690.4 $ 1,557.3 Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax 91.4 14.8 ( 26.0 ) Comprehensive income $ 1,748.7 $ 1,705.2 $ 1,531.3 Basic earnings per share $ 4.60 $ 4.69 $ 4.32 Diluted earnings per share $ 4.58 $ 4.67 $ 4.30 Weighted-average common shares outstanding 360.2 360.3 360.4 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution 362.0 362.1 362.3 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 42 Table of Contents PAYCHEX, INC. CONSOLIDATED BAL ANCE SHEETS In millions, except per share amounts As of May 31, 2025 2024 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,628.6 $ 1,468.9 Restricted cash 47.9 47.8 Corporate investments 34.5 33.9 Interest receivable 27.9 23.3 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 1,330.5 1,059.6 PEO unbilled receivables, net of advance collections 616.6 542.4 Prepaid income taxes 38.9 47.5 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 378.3 321.9 Current assets before funds held for clients 4,103.2 3,545.3 Funds held for clients 4,813.3 3,706.2 Total current assets 8,916.5 7,251.5 Long-term corporate investments 3.7 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 511.5 411.7 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net of accumulated amortization 63.8 46.9 Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 1,947.3 194.5 Goodwill 4,514.1 1,882.7 Long-term deferred costs 482.4 477.1 Other long-term assets 128.5 115.0 Total assets $ 16,564.1 $ 10,383.1 Liabilities Accounts payable $ 129.8 $ 104.3 Accrued corporate compensation and related items 183.9 135.0 Accrued worksite employee compensation and related items 735.8 662.4 Short-term debt 18.6 18.7 Long-term debt, net, current portion 399.8 Deferred revenue 69.4 50.2 Other current liabilities 552.0 469.8 Current liabilities before client fund obligations 2,089.3 1,440.4 Client fund obligations 4,867.0 3,868.7 Total current liabilities 6,956.3 5,309.1 Accrued income taxes 119.0 102.6 Deferred income taxes 444.7 86.0 Long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 4,548.4 798.6 Operating lease liabilities 55.5 49.0 Other long-term liabilities 312.2 236.8 Total liabilities 12,436.1 6,582.1 Commitments and contingencies Note Q Stockholders equity Common stock, $ 0.01 par value; Authorized: 600.0 shares; Issued and outstanding: 360.5 shares as of May 31, 2025 and 360.1 shares as of May 31, 2024 3.6 3.6 Additional paid-in capital 1,901.1 1,729.5 Retained earnings 2,277.0 2,213.0 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 53.7 ) ( 145.1 ) Total stockholders equity 4,128.0 3,801.0 Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 16,564.1 $ 10,383.1 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 43 Table of Contents PAYCHEX, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ST OCKHOLDERS EQUITY In millions, except per share amounts Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Net accumulated Additional unrealized Cash Foreign other Common stock paid-in Retained loss on AFS flow currency comprehensive Shares Amount capital earnings securities hedges translation income/(loss) Total Balance as of May 31, 2022 359.9 $ 3.6 $ 1,545.9 $ 1,669.6 $ ( 101.1 ) $ $ ( 32.8 ) $ ( 133.9 ) $ 3,085.2 Net income 1,557.3 1,557.3 Unrealized losses on securities, net of $ 12.2 million in tax benefit ( 36.6 ) ( 36.6 ) ( 36.6 ) Reclassification adjustment for realized gains on securities, net of $ 2.5 million in tax benefit (1) 7.4 7.4 7.4 Dividends declared ($ 3.26 per share) ( 1,175.5 ) ( 1,175.5 ) Repurchases of common shares (2) Stock-based compensation 62.6 62.6 Foreign currency translation adjustment 3.2 3.2 3.2 Activity related to equity-based plans 0.6 0.0 17.9 ( 28.3 ) ( 10.4 ) Balance as of May 31, 2023 360.5 3.6 1,626.4 2,023.1 ( 130.3 ) ( 29.6 ) ( 159.9 ) 3,493.2 Net income 1,690.4 1,690.4 Unrealized gains on securities, net of $ 2.6 million in tax expense 7.6 7.6 7.6 Reclassification adjustment for realized losses on securities, net of $ 0.7 million in tax benefit (1) 2.0 2.0 2.0 Dividends declared ($ 3.65 per share) ( 1,315.4 ) ( 1,315.4 ) Repurchases of common shares (2) ( 1.5 ) ( 0.0 ) ( 6.2 ) ( 163.0 ) ( 169.2 ) Stock-based compensation 61.1 61.1 Foreign currency translation adjustment 5.2 5.2 5.2 Activity related to equity-based plans 1.1 0.0 48.2 ( 22.1 ) 26.1 Balance as of May 31, 2024 360.1 3.6 1,729.5 2,213.0 ( 120.7 ) ( 24.4 ) ( 145.1 ) 3,801.0 Net income 1,657.3 1,657.3 Unrealized gains/(losses), net