=== MGM_2026-02-11.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments • Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations. • Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures. • The agreements governing our senior credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations. • We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Market Conditions • We face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, including increased competition through online sports betting and iGaming, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside. • We have suspended our payment of ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders, and may not elect to resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all. • All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. • Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified. • We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. 11 • We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits. • Leisure and business travel, especially travel by air, are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events, such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or the outbreak of infectious diseases. • Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk. • Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects. • Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future. • Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business. • A significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. • Our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results. • We may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful. • Our operational efforts to expand our digital business in new geographic markets may not be successful. • The failure to maintain the integrity of our information and other systems or customer information can result in damage to our reputation, subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputation. • We are subject to risks and costs related to climate change. • Water scarcity could negatively impact our operations. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters and Changes in Public Policy • Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations. • Any violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us. • If the jurisdictions in which we operate increase taxes and fees, including gaming taxes, our results could be adversely affected. • The future recognition of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset may change materially in future periods. • We face risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be, brought against us. Risks Related to Our Macau Operations • We have agreed not to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan, other than through MGM China. • The Macau government can (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise’s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise, (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year’s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise , or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry. • We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. • Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of MGM China, the holding company for MGM Grand Paradise which owns and operates MGM Macau and MGM Cotai. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, please see below. Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations . As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $6.3 billion of principal amount of indebtedness outstanding on a consolidated basis, including $2.5 billion of outstanding indebtedness of MGM China. Any increase in the interest 12 rates applicable to our existing or future borrowings would increase the cost of our indebtedness and reduce the cash flow available to fund our other liquidity needs. We do not guarantee MGM China’s obligations under its debt agreements and, to the extent MGM China was to cease to produce cash flow sufficient to service its indebtedness, our ability to make additional investments into MGM China is limited by the covenants in our existing senior credit facility. In addition, our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could have important negative consequences on us, including: • increasing our exposure to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; • limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy (including returning value to our shareholders) or other general operating requirements; • making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; or • placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less-leveraged competitors. We currently also provide shortfall guarantees of the $3.01 billion and $3.0 billion principal amount of indebtedness (and any interest accrued and unpaid thereon) of the landlords of Bellagio and Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas, respectively. The terms of each guarantee provide that, after the lenders have exhausted certain remedies to collect on the obligations under the underlying indebtedness, we would then be responsible for any shortfall between the value of the collateral and the debt obligation, which amount may be material, and we may not have sufficient cash on hand to fund any such obligation to the extent it is triggered in the future. In addition, to the extent we no longer provide the shortfall guarantees, we would recognize certain tax gains related to our investments in Bellagio REIT Venture, the landlord of Bellagio, and VICI Properties OP LLC (“VICI OP”), the owner of the landlords of certain of our domestic properties, which may be significant. Further, we entered into certain tax protection agreements related to these investments that will expire in 2029 and 2037. Following the expiration of the agreements, to the extent Bellagio REIT Venture and VICI OP engage in certain transactions, we may realize taxable gains and such gains may be significant. Changes in tax laws or regulations may also materially affect the amount and timing of recognizing taxable gains on these investments. We also provide for guarantees (i) in the amount of 12.65 billion yen (approximately $81 million as of December 31, 2025) for 50% of MGM Osaka’s obligations to Osaka under various agreements related to the venture’s development of an integrated resort in Osaka, Japan and (ii) of an uncapped amount to provide funding to MGM Osaka, if necessary, for the completion of the construction and full opening of the integrated resort. The guarantees expire when the obligations relating to the full opening of the integrated resort are fulfilled. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand to satisfy any obligations with respect to any of these guarantees or our other financial commitments, we may need to raise capital, including incurring additional indebtedness, in order to satisfy our obligation. There can be no assurance that any financing will be available to us, or, if available, will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Under the terms of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession, MGM Grand Paradise is required to implement certain investments in gaming and non-gaming projects, for which the non-gaming commitment is subject to increase if market-wide Macau annual gross gaming revenue reaches a specified level, as further discussed in Note 12. There can be no assurance, however, that MGM Grand Paradise will have sufficient cash on hand to fund these obligations, including the increased investment amounts, or that it would be able to obtain financing to fund these obligations on satisfactory terms or at all. If MGM Grand Paradise is unable to satisfy its investment commitments, its concession contract may be subject to termination by the Macau government. See “—Risks Related to Our Macau Operations—The Macau government can (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise’s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise, (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise’s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year’s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise, or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry.” Moreover, our businesses are capital intensive. For our owned, leased and managed properties to remain attractive and competitive, we must periodically invest significant capital to keep the properties well-maintained, modernized and refurbished. The leases for our operating properties have fixed rental payments (with annual escalators) and also require us to apply a percentage of net revenues generated at the leased properties to capital expenditures at those properties. Such investments require an ongoing supply of cash and, to the extent that we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained. Similarly, development projects, including the development of an integrated resort in Japan, strategic initiatives, including positioning BetMGM North America Venture as a leader in online sports betting and iGaming, investments in the growth of our international digital gaming business, and acquisitions could require significant capital commitments, the incurrence of additional debt, guarantees of third-party debt or the incurrence of contingent liabilities, any or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 13 Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures . Our ability to make payments on our substantial indebtedness and other significant financial commitments, including the rent payments under our leases, and to fund planned or committed capital expenditures and other investments depends on our ability to generate cash flow, receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates and subsidiaries (including BetMGM North America Venture and MGM China), and borrow under our senior credit facility or incur new indebtedness. If regional and national economic conditions deteriorate, including in connection with a recession, revenues from our operations could decline as consumer spending levels decrease and we could fail to generate cash sufficient to fund our liquidity needs or satisfy the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt and lease instruments. If we fail to generate cash sufficient to fund our liquidity needs or satisfy the financial and other covenants in our debt and lease instruments, we cannot assure you that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or fund our other liquidity needs or that we will be able to access the capital markets in the future to borrow additional debt on terms favorable to us, or at all. In addition, we have a significant amount of indebtedness maturing in 2027, and thereafter. Our ability to fund or timely refinance and replace our indebtedness will depend upon the economic and credit market conditions discussed above. If we are unable to fund or refinance our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments. There is no assurance that any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements or leases. The agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations . Covenants governing our senior secured credit facilities and certain of our debt securities restrict, among other things, our ability to: • pay dividends or distributions, repurchase equity, prepay certain debt or make certain investments; • incur additional debt; • incur liens on assets; • sell assets or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all of our assets; • enter into transactions with affiliates; • allow certain subsidiaries to transfer assets or enter into certain agreements; and • enter into sale and lease-back transactions. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. The breach of any such covenants or obligations not otherwise waived or cured could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. Any default under our senior credit facility or the indentures could adversely affect our growth, our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt and other financial commitments. In addition, MGM China has issued debt securities and is a borrower under credit facilities, all of which contain covenants that restrict the borrower’s ability to engage in certain transactions, require MGM China to satisfy certain financial covenants and impose certain operating and financial restrictions on MGM China and its subsidiaries. These restrictions include, among other things, limitations on MGM China’s ability to incur liens, merge or consolidate with other companies, or transfer, sell or dispose of all or substantially all of its assets. We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes . We are required to make annual rent payments of $1.8 billion, in the aggregate, under our triple net lease agreements, which leases are also subject to annual escalators as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The leases also require us to spend a certain amount on capital expenditures at the leased properties. In addition, each of the leases obligates us to comply with certain financial covenants which, if not met, will require us to deposit cash collateral or issue letters of credit for the benefit of the applicable landlord equal to 6 months or 1 year of rent, as applicable to the circumstances, under the VICI Properties, Inc. (“VICI”) lease, 1 year of rent under the Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas lease, the Aria and Vdara lease, and The Cosmopolitan lease, and 2 years of rent under the Bellagio lease. As a result of the foregoing rent and capital expenditure obligations, our ability to fund our operations, raise capital, make acquisitions, make investments, service our debt and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes may be adversely affected. For example, our obligations under the leases may: 14 • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to obtain additional indebtedness; • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to making rent payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, pay dividends, repurchase shares and other general corporate purposes; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • restrict our ability to make acquisitions, divestitures and engage in other significant transactions; and • cause us to lose our rights with respect to the applicable leased properties if we fail to pay rent or other amounts or otherwise default on the leases. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Market Conditions We face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, including increased competition through online sports betting and iGaming, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . The hotel, resort, entertainment, and gaming industries are highly competitive. We do not believe that our competition is limited to a particular geographic area, and hotel, resort, entertainment, and gaming operations in other states or countries, as well as the increased availability of online sports betting and iGaming, could attract our customers. To the extent that new casinos enter our markets or hotel room capacity is expanded by others in major destination locations, competition will increase. Major competitors, including potential new entrants, may also expand their hotel room capacity, expand their range of amenities, improve their level of service, or construct new resorts in Las Vegas, Macau or in the domestic regional markets in which we operate, all of which could attract our customers. Also, the growth of retail gaming in areas outside Las Vegas has increased the competition faced by our operations in Las Vegas and elsewhere, including growth in tribal gaming in states such as Florida. In addition, in the last several years local referendums to allow retail gaming have passed in Virginia and Nebraska, with active lobbying occurring in states like Texas, North Carolina and Georgia, among others. Finally, in 2025, the New York Gaming Commission issued licenses for three integrated resorts projects that will include live-dealer table games, which we expect will increase competition in the Northeast corridor and may have a negative impact on our New York and New Jersey operations. While we believe our principal competitors are major gaming and hospitality resorts with well-established and recognized brands, we also compete against smaller hotel offerings and peer-to-peer inventory sources, which allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments from owners. We expect that we will continue to face increased competition from new channels of distribution, innovations in consumer-facing technology platforms and other transformations in the travel industry that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers and related business. We have also seen significant expansion across the United States and internationally in legalized forms of iGaming and online sports betting and expect additional jurisdictions will likely legalize iGaming and online sports betting in the future as well as a rise in illegal forms of iGaming and online sports betting, such as sweepstakes, offshore operators and gray market operators. We participate in the iGaming and online sports betting market through our MGM Digital segment and through our BetMGM North America Venture, both of which face significant competition from other industry participants as well as the broader gaming and entertainment industries. If our digital businesses are unable to sustain or grow interest in their offerings they may not be able to gain the scale necessary to successfully compete in the growing market and, as a result, we may not receive the anticipated benefits from our investments. Further, our digital businesses may be unable to respond quickly or adequately to changes in the industry brought on by new regulations, products or technologies, the availability of other technology platforms, such as prediction markets, and marketing channels, or the introduction of new features and functionality or new marketing or promotional efforts by competitors. Such competitors may also spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products or services than ours. In addition, the expansion of iGaming, online sports betting, and other types of gaming may further compete with our land-based operations by reducing customer visitation and spend at our properties. In addition, competition could increase if changes in gaming restrictions in the United States and elsewhere are enacted, including the addition of new gaming establishments located closer to our customers than our casinos. For example, while our Macau operations compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in or near Asia, certain areas in the region have legalized casino gaming (including Japan) and others (such as Taiwan and Thailand) may legalize casino gaming (or iGaming) in the future. Furthermore, currently MGM Grand Paradise holds one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the Macau government to operate casinos in Macau. If the Macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in Macau through the grant of additional concessions or if current concessionaires open additional facilities, we would face increased competition. Similarly, as a result of Macau’s Gaming Inspection and Co-ordination 15 Bureau increased scrutiny and restrictions imposed on gaming promoters, we along with certain other casino operators in Macau, suspended our primary gaming promoters in late 2021 and subsequently terminated our contractual arrangements with such promoters, which has led to substantial declines in revenues from gaming promoters. As a result, competition for the mass market segment amongst Macau operators has substantially increased and we expect it to continue to grow and if we are unable to maintain and further develop our mass market business, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Most jurisdictions where casino gaming is currently permitted place numerical and/or geographical limitations on the issuance of new gaming licenses. Although a number of jurisdictions in the United States and foreign countries are considering legalizing or expanding casino gaming, in some cases new gaming operations may be restricted to specific locations and we expect that there will be intense competition for any attractive new opportunities (which may include acquisitions of existing properties) that do arise. In addition to competition with other hotels, resorts and casinos, we compete with destination travel locations outside of the markets in which we operate. Our failure to compete successfully in our various markets and to continue to attract customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside . Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending and corporate spending on conventions, trade shows and business development. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, economic contraction, economic uncertainty, geopolitical uncertainty, or the perception by our customers of weak or weakening economic conditions may cause a decline in demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows and conventions, and for the type of luxury amenities we offer. In addition, changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences could be driven by factors such as the increased cost of travel, an unstable job market, perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth, outbreaks of contagious diseases or fears of war and acts of terrorism or other acts of violence. Consumer preferences also evolve over time due to a variety of factors, including demographic changes, which, for instance, have resulted in the growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and timely react to these trends, and any failure to do so may negatively impact our results of operations. In particular, Aria, Bellagio, MGM Grand Las Vegas, and The Cosmopolitan may be affected by economic conditions in the Far East, and all of our Nevada resorts are affected by economic conditions in the United States, and California in particular. A recession, economic slowdown or any other significant economic condition, including increased inflationary pressures, affecting consumers, corporations, or the supply chain, generally is likely to cause a reduction in visitation to our properties, which would adversely affect our operating results. Likewise, increased trade tension between the United States and other countries, including as a result of the imposition of tariffs, could lead to a decrease in cross border-travel, result in us paying higher prices for imported goods at our properties and result in countries adopting protectionist legislation that could impair our international operations. In addition, adverse market conditions may impact the labor market and cause disruptions to the global supply chain. If we are unable to hire and retain sufficient employees to operate our properties or procure necessary supplies, our business, result

=== MGM_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors A description of certain factors that may affect our future results and risk factors is set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. There have been no material changes to those factors previously disclosed in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table provides information about share repurchases of our common stock during the quarter ended March 31, 2026: Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (1) Period (In thousands) January 1, 2026 — January 31, 2026 2,197,921 $ 35.45 2,197,921 $ 1,522,481 February 1, 2026 — February 28, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,522,481 March 1, 2026 — March 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,522,481 (1) The “Average Price Paid per Share” figures presented above are calculated on an execution date (trade date) basis and exclude commissions and excise taxes. Figures presented under “Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program” indicate the total amount of authorized capacity remaining in accordance with the terms of the applicable publicly announced share repurchase plan, which excludes the cost of commissions and excise taxes. In April 2025, we announced that the Board of Directors had authorized a $2.0 billion stock repurchase plan. Under the stock repurchase plan, we may repurchase shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated agreements. Repurchases of common stock may also be made under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, which would permit common stock to be purchased when we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws. The timing, volume and nature of stock repurchases will be at the sole discretion of management, dependent on market conditions, applicable securities laws, and other factors, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. All shares repurchased during the quarter ended March 31, 2026 were purchased pursuant to our publicly announced stock repurchase plan and have been retired. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted , terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)). 32 Item 6. Exhibits 10.1 Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2026, by and between the Company and John McManus (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2026). 10.2 Second Amendment to Master Lease, by and between Ace A PropCo LLC, Ace V PropCo LLC, and MGM Lessee III, LLC, dated as of January 29, 2026. 22 Subsidiary Guarantors. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, the XBRL information included in Exhibit 101 and Exhibit 104 to this Form 10-Q shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 33 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MGM Resorts International Date: April 29, 2026 By: /s/ WILLIAM J. HORNBUCKLE William J. Hornbuckle Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: April 29, 2026 /s/ JONATHAN S. HALKYARD Jonathan S. Halkyard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 34 