=== MGM_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business, Industry, and Market Conditions We face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, including increased competition through online sports betting and iGaming, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our primary methods of successfully competing include: Locating our properties in desirable leisure and business travel markets and operating at superior sites within those markets; Constructing and maintaining high-quality resorts and facilities, including luxurious guestrooms, state-of-the-art convention facilities and premier dining, entertainment, retail and other amenities; Recruiting, training and retaining well-qualified and motivated employees who provide superior customer service; Providing unique, must-see entertainment attractions; Investing in digital offerings and opportunities domestically and abroad; and Developing distinctive and memorable marketing, promotional and customer loyalty programs. Las Vegas Strip Resorts and Regional Operations Our customers include premium gaming customers; leisure and wholesale travel customers; business travelers, and group customers, including conventions, trade associations, and small meetings. We have a diverse portfolio of properties, which appeal to the upper end of each market segment and also cater to leisure and value-oriented tour and travel customers. Many of our properties have significant convention and meeting space which we utilize to drive business to our properties during midweek and off-peak periods. Our Las Vegas casino properties compete for customers with a large number of other hotel casinos in the Las Vegas area, including major hotel casinos on or near the Las Vegas Strip, major hotel casinos in the downtown area, which is about five miles from the center of the Las Vegas Strip, and several major hotel casinos elsewhere in the Las Vegas area. Our Las Vegas Strip Resorts also compete, in part, with each other. Major competitors, including newer entrants, have either recently expanded their hotel room capacity and convention space offerings, or have plans to expand their capacity or construct new resorts in Las Vegas. Also, the growth of gaming in areas outside Las Vegas has increased the competition faced by our operations in Las Vegas. Outside Nevada, our properties primarily compete with other hotel casinos in their markets and for customers in surrounding regional gaming markets, where location is a critical factor to success. In addition, we compete with gaming operations in surrounding jurisdictions and other leisure destinations in each region. MGM China The majority of MGM China s casino revenue has been provided by main floor gaming operations in recent years and we expect this will be the primary source of growth in the future. We offer amenities to attract players such as premium gaming lounges and stadium-style electronic table games terminals, which include both table games and slots to create a dedicated exclusive gaming space for premium main floor players use, as well as non-gaming amenities, such as The Mansion, MGM Cotai Emerald Villa, and MGM Macau Alpha Villa to attract ultra-high end customers. Our key competitors in Macau include five other gaming concessionaires. We also encounter competition from major gaming centers located in other areas of Asia and around the world including, but not limited to, Singapore, South Korea, Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines, Australia, and Las Vegas. MGM Digital Our digital customers are located within the geolocation of the jurisdictions in which we are licensed to operate. By operating in licensed markets, which are subject to costs in the form of gaming taxes, we benefit from higher barriers to entry, which changes the competitive picture and provides value to companies such as ours. Our primary competitors are 3 other international online gaming companies. We also face competition from integrated resorts as well as other providers of entertainment. Marketing Our marketing strategy is deeply rooted in personalized engagement powered by advanced analytics to create experiences that resonate with our current and desired guests. Personalized marketing serves as a critical driver of growth for the company, enabling us to deepen customer loyalty, increase engagement, and enhance lifetime value by aligning our offerings with each guest segment s unique preferences and needs. Central to this approach is MGM Rewards, our tiered loyalty program, which enables customers to earn benefits across gaming and non-gaming experiences. This program serves as a vital tool for capturing guest preferences and behaviors, allowing us to personalize interactions, offers, and experiences that are meaningful to each guest. As members progress through program tiers, they unlock exclusive benefits such as customized offers, priority access, and invitations to special events along with hotel stays, dining credits, and unique MGM Resorts experiences. At MGM China, we offer the M life loyalty program, which provides loyalty opportunities similar to MGM Rewards for non-gaming customers, and the Golden Lion Club for gaming focused customers. By incentivizing customers within our physical properties and with BetMGM North America Venture, we foster loyalty and increase customer lifetime value. In addition to our loyalty programs, we leverage multiple marketing channels including online, radio, television, print, and billboards in select U.S. and international cities. Our regional marketing offices and direct outreach channels via mail, email, and social media ensure consistent engagement. Our advanced data and analytics capabilities underpin our direct marketing, enabling us to segment customers based on preferences, behaviors, and their overall value to the organization. This segmentation allows us to deliver the highest level of personalized experiences across guest tiers, ensuring our product and program investments align with customer desires, drive incremental visits, and strengthen long-term relationships. We leverage paid media and various social channels to reach our desired guests with precision, using targeted segmentation to deliver personalized content that resonates with specific customer interests and preferences. This allows us to engage high-value segments more effectively, amplifying brand loyalty and optimizing our marketing investments by connecting the right guests with the right offers and experiences. Strategy Our vision is to become the world s premier gaming entertainment company . We are focused on driving profitability in our integrated resorts in the U.S. and Macau, expanding our international brick-and-mortar footprint in the world s premier gaming markets, growing our global digital brands, and efficient capital allocation. Our globally recognized brands, strategically located assets, development opportunities, and evolving digital platforms allow us to reach an unparalleled target addressable market. To achieve our vision, we developed our strategic plan, which is built on five pillars: Strong People and Culture. Recruit, develop and retain the best talent. Cultivate a culture of respect and a workplace that reflects our communities, employees, partners, and stakeholders. Customer-Centric Model . Prioritize our customers by leveraging our collection of strong brands and insights from our leading customer loyalty program, MGM Rewards, to deliver exceptional entertainment experiences and revenue growth. Gaming Entertainment. Innovate our gaming entertainment offerings to elevate quality and competitive edge. Expand our reach across both physical and online platforms to serve the widest possible market. Operational Excellence . Continuously refine our operating model to diversify business mix, improve operating efficiencies and increase margins. Strengthen digital capabilities to enhance customer loyalty. Disciplined Capital Allocation to Maximize Shareholder Value. Pursue targeted, attractive ROI opportunities that align with our strategic vision. Prioritize shareholder returns and maintain a strong balance sheet. The strategic plan is designed for ongoing review, measurement, and adjustment to seize emerging opportunities. In allocating resources, our financial strategy is focused on maintaining and enhancing existing properties, pursuing strategic growth through mergers, acquisitions and development, repaying debt and maximizing shareholder returns. We believe there are sound investment opportunities in new initiatives and at existing properties that will deliver profitable returns. We regularly evaluate targeted opportunities in both domestic and international markets that provide attractive returns on investment. These include: Owning and/or operating gaming and non-gaming facilities, as well as expanding into new markets and expanding our brands for iGaming and online sports betting. Additionally, we leverage our 4 management expertise and the strong recognition of our brands through strategic partnerships and international expansion opportunities. We continue to enhance the efficiency of our operating model by optimizing our Centers of Excellence and achieving best-in-class operating performance through adjustments within corporate and business units. In addition, we have and will continue to refine several improvement and cost cutting initiatives focused on labor, sourcing, and revenue generation. These efforts strengthen our operating model and position us as a more resilient company. We continue to focus on our key growth opportunities, including developing an integrated resort in Japan, expanding our BetMGM North America Venture, and advancing international digital opportunities. In Japan, MGM Osaka signed an agreement with Osaka Prefecture and Osaka City in September 2023 to implement its government-certified Area Development Plan ( ADP ) for the development of an integrated resort in Osaka, Japan. Preliminary construction began on the site of the future resort in 2024. During 2025, the construction of the project progressed as anticipated. We believe that BetMGM North America Venture is well-positioned as a long-term leader in online sports betting and iGaming. BetMGM North America Venture has launched Single App Single Wallet in Nevada allowing our customers who sign up while visiting one of our properties the ability to bring their digital wallet home, an important customer retention feature. BetMGM North America Venture has also increased its parlay product capabilities with the addition of Angstrom technology which we expect to help drive further customer satisfaction as well as increased hold for BetMGM North America Venture. We are growing our business internationally through MGM Digital by building on our core markets and identifying new opportunities for expansion and brand distribution. We continue to evolve our technology platform, the backbone for our development. In the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ), we currently have a non-gaming management agreement with Wasl Hospitality to bring the Bellagio, Aria, and MGM Grand brands to Dubai. With the UAE s establishment of the General Commercial Gaming Regulatory Authority, tasked with creating a regulatory framework for commercial gaming in the UAE, we are encouraged by the potential opportunity for gaming expansion in Dubai. Technology We believe technology, powered by our advanced data and analytics capabilities, enables us to deliver highly personalized digital experiences and targeted marketing that elevate the guest experience. This approach drives operational efficiency and supports sustainable, long-term revenue growth. Through our app and other digital platforms, we deliver tailored content and experiences that deepen guest engagement and build loyalty to our brand and offerings. Our MGM Rewards loyalty platform enables guests to earn seamlessly across gaming and non-gaming activities, with improved redemption flows and a more streamlined experience through the app. Enhanced mobile and self-service check-in options have further driven app adoption, creating a smoother arrival experience for our guests. Our digital concierge has also improved service with faster response times during guest stays. We continue to expand our digital portfolio by enhancing e-commerce and integrating our physical properties with digital casino and sports betting experiences. This includes cross-property and omni-channel promotions in Las Vegas and our Regional properties that provide added value to our guests. Additionally, we leverage data, analytics, and predictive modeling to personalize offers and create targeted upsell opportunities, which we expect will enhance customer acquisition, engagement, and value over time. Corporate Responsibility We have a longstanding commitment to Corporate Responsibility. For over a decade, we have had board-level oversight of our Corporate Responsibility efforts. Our corporate and people strategies and corporate responsibility approach center on uplifting our people and the communities in which we operate. A comprehensive framework lays out four strategic pillars that guide our work: investing in environmental stewardship; fostering a culture of respect; supporting our communities; and demonstrating responsible business practices. 5 Responsible Gaming We have woven responsible gaming and gambling education into the fabric of our world-class gaming experiences and premier guest service. We train our employees to reinforce our commitment and approach to responsible gaming. We also offer a variety of resources throughout our properties, with the MGM Rewards Desk acting as the central hub for our innovative responsible gaming program, GameSense. GameSense is an industry-leading, enterprise-wide program that aligns responsible gambling policies with enhanced guest service and education. It is designed to promote sustainable and enjoyable experiences, by helping guests and employees make informed gambling decisions. At MGM China, we strictly comply with all local laws and remain committed to expanding employee and community programs that foster a healthy and orderly society. All MGM China casinos have been recognized by the government working group as Responsible Gaming Implementation Model Units. Digitally, we have implemented a number of functions and tools to protect customers and work proactively to provide support for individuals who develop unsound gaming behavior. Our website, LeoSafePlay.com, is dedicated to promoting responsible gaming. We have also invested heavily in technology and in the development of algorithms that detect early signs among players that can indicate a risk for unsound gaming. Within the framework of LeoSafePlay, we have launched a tool based on machine learning and algorithms that help in the creation of risk profiles for customers who are at risk of developing a gaming problem. Human Capital We are focused on fostering a people-driven culture exemplified by how we lead and uphold the following core company values to create an engaged workforce: Captivate Our Audience, Inspire Excellence, Champion Inclusion, and Win Together. Our long-term people strategy is designed to enhance talent attraction and development to support business objectives, guest experience, community engagement, and financial goals. Our workforce development strategies support local hiring and developing a robust workforce in the local communities in which we operate through veteran support, community training and employment, fulfilling local hiring commitments (where applicable), and through internship, educational, and leadership development programs. Our streamlined recruitment processes result in faster sourcing and recruitment to meet the needs of the business. We work across the enterprise to strengthen our corporate culture, drive employee engagement, and foster well-being. Growth and Development We invest significant resources to develop the talent needed, now and for the future, to be an employer of choice across the gaming, hospitality, and entertainment industries. We are committed to a culture of continuous learning where employees, at all levels, are engaged in developing their knowledge, skills, and abilities through a variety of modalities, including digitally. We support the long-term career aspirations of our employees through education and professional/personal development and skills-based learning. We continue to introduce new learning and development initiatives focused on a broad range of employee population segments. We offer tuition reimbursement, contribute toward student loan debt repayment, and have partnered with the Nevada System of Higher Education to enable employees to earn a degree online free of charge for all credit hours and reimburse employees for any required course textbooks. We have focused on growing our talent pipeline, investing in our frontline leadership population with a 12-month onboarding and development program, reinforcing our leadership expectations and company culture across all leadership positions and enhancing employee recognition across all levels. Fostering a Culture of Respect Externally, we strengthen communities and expand business opportunities through strategic partnerships, alignment with local service commitments, and investment in local and small business development. Internally, we use multiple channels to facilitate communication and to continuously advance the core value to Champion Inclusion by cultivating a culture of respect. The channels include but are not limited to open forums and conversations with executives, employee engagement surveys with detailed action planning, and employee and business resource groups, which are open to all employees. Health, Safety, and Wellness Our approach to employee health and wellness is holistic and multi-dimensional, focusing on the four pillars of the MGM Resorts World of Wellbeing (WOW): physical, emotional, financial, and community. It is our priority to provide competitive benefit offerings that support the needs of our workforce. In an effort to better support the well-being of our employees, we recently implemented a new virtual physical therapy solution that significantly increases access to qualified therapists. In addition, we have successfully transitioned to a new Employee Assistance Program (EAP) provider who offers an enhanced mental health benefit to our employees and their loved ones. 6 Philanthropy We understand our responsibility to contribute to the progress of the communities in which we operate and are invested in growing and supporting such communities. Our strategies aim to reflect, sustain, and build on the best aspects of a community by creating good jobs, providing strong wages, teaching critical skills, and implementing workforce development opportunities. We encourage active engagement in volunteerism and philanthropic opportunities, from serving local community needs to supporting global commitments. We instill philanthropic commitment and pride through our employee foundation. The MGM Resorts Foundation was established in 2002 to facilitate engagement opportunities that allow employees to contribute to charitable causes of their choice by providing two types of grants: (1) the Employee Emergency Grant, which benefits our employees, and (2) the Community Grant, which benefits local communities. To foster employee engagement in our philanthropic efforts, we established a Matching Gifts program in 2021, matching employee donations to their charities of choice. Employees and Labor Relations As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 44,000 full-time and 18,000 part-time employees in the U.S. and 16,000 employees internationally. We had collective bargaining agreements with unions covering approximately 37,000 of our U.S. employees as of December 31, 2025. Collective bargaining agreements covering small groups of Las Vegas property and corporate employees are scheduled to expire the first half of 2026, and collective bargaining agreements in regional operations covering approximately 3,000 employees are also scheduled to expire in 2026. Negotiations for successor contracts will be scheduled with our employees collective bargaining representatives as contract expiration dates approach and will continue throughout 2026. Certain of our non-U.S. employees are also subject to collective bargaining agreements. Intellectual Property We use a variety of trade names, service marks, trademarks, patents and copyrights in our operations and believe that we have the rights necessary to conduct our continuing operations. The development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property as an important element of our success. While our business as a whole is not substantially dependent on any one patent, trademark, or copyright, we seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our business operations and technology through the use of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secret laws. We believe that our principal intellectual property consists of trademarks for, among others, Aria, Vdara, Bellagio, The Cosmopolitan, Borgata, Mandalay Bay, MGM, MGM Grand, MGM Resorts International, Luxor, Excalibur, New York-New York, Park MGM, Beau Rivage, Empire City, LeoVegas, and BetMGM, all of which have been registered or allowed in various classes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions around the world, as applicable. In addition, we have also registered or applied to register numerous other trademarks, such as The Mirage, in connection with our properties, facilities and development projects in the United States and in various other foreign jurisdictions. These trademarks are brand names under which we market our properties and services. We consider these brand names to be important to our business since they have the effect of developing brand identification. We believe that the name recognition, reputation and image that we have developed for our brands attract customers to our facilities. Once granted, our trademark registrations are of perpetual duration so long as they are used and periodically renewed. It is our intent to pursue and maintain our trademark registrations consistent with our goals for brand development and identification, and enforcement of our trademark rights. Government Regulation and Licensing The gaming industry is highly regulated, and we must maintain our licenses and pay gaming taxes to continue our operations. Each of our casinos and our online operations are subject to extensive regulation under the laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdiction in which it is located or operates. These laws, rules and regulations generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners, managers, and persons with financial interest in the gaming operations. Violations of laws in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. A more detailed description of the gaming regulations to which we are subject is contained in Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference. Our businesses are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations affecting businesses in general. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, restrictions and conditions concerning alcoholic beverages, smoking, employees, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes (including regulations under 7 the Americans with Disabilities Act, which requires all public accommodations to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by persons with disabilities), construction, land use and marketing and advertising. We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. Such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Material changes, new laws or regulations, or material differences in interpretations by courts or governmental authorities could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we are subject to certain federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances, including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Under various federal, state and local laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or wastes located on its property, regardless of whether or not the present owner or operator knows of, or is responsible for, the presence of such substances or wastes. We have not identified any issues associated with our properties that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us or the results of our operations. For a discussion of potential risks to our business relating to regulatory matters, including due to the potential impact of legislative and regulatory changes, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters and Changes in Public Policy. Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, estimates, expects, will, may and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: statements we make regarding expectations regarding the impact of macroeconomic trends on our business; our ability to execute on ongoing and future strategic initiatives, including the development of an integrated resort in Japan, expectations regarding the potential opportunity for gaming expansion in Dubai, investments we make in online sports betting and iGaming, the expansion of LeoVegas and the MGM digital brand, and the closing of the sale of the operations of MGM Northfield Park; positioning BetMGM North America Venture as a leader in sports betting and iGaming; amounts we will spend on capital expenditures and investments; our expectations with respect to future share repurchases and cash dividends on our common stock; dividends and distributions we will receive from MGM China and BetMGM North America Venture; amounts projected to be realized as deferred tax assets; expected tax refunds; the timing and outcome of investigations by state regulators related to the September 2023 cybersecurity issue, and the availability of cybersecurity insurance proceeds in connection with a cybersecurity incident and the nature and scope of any regulatory proceedings that may be brought against us. The foregoing is not a complete list of all forward-looking statements we make. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Therefore, we caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market, and regulatory conditions and the following: our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations; current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, or make planned expenditures; the agreements governing our senior credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity; the fact that we are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes; significant competition we face with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete; 8 the impact on our business of economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside; the fact that we suspended our payment of ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders, and may not elect to resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all; all of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations; financial, operational, regulatory or other potential challenges that may arise with respect to landlords under our master leases may adversely impair our operations; the concentration of a significant number of our major gaming resorts on the Las Vegas Strip; the fact that we extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect such gaming receivables; the occurrence of impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or long-lived assets which could negatively affect future profits; the susceptibility of leisure and business travel, especially travel by air, to global geopolitical events, such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or outbreaks of infectious diseases; the fact that co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk; the fact that future construction, development, or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs, and our ability to complete the projects; the fact that our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future; the fact that a failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business; the fact that a significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements; the sensitivity of our business to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results; the failure of future efforts to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, or to divest some of our properties and other assets; the fact that our operational efforts to expand our digital business in new geographic markets may not be successful; the failure to maintain the integrity of our information and other systems or customer information could result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data; reputational harm as a result of increased scrutiny related to our corporate social responsibility efforts; extreme weather conditions or climate change may cause property damage or interrupt business; water scarcity could negatively impact our operations; the fact that our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business; the risks associated with doing business outside of the United States and the impact of any potential violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other similar anti-corruption laws; increases in taxes and fees, including gaming taxes, in the jurisdictions in which we operate; our ability to recognize our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset and the variability of the valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset; changes to fiscal and tax policies; risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be brought against us; disruptions in the availability of our information and other systems (including our website and digital platform) or those of third parties on which we rely, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, which could adversely impact our ability to service our customers and affect our sales and the results of operations; impact to our business, operations, and reputation from, and expenses and uncertainties associated with, a cybersecurity incident, including the September 2023 cybersecurity issue, the availability of cybersecurity insurance proceeds in connection with a cybersecurity incident, and any related legal proceedings, other claims or investigations, and costs of remediation, restoration, or enhancement of information technology systems; restrictions on our ability to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in mainland China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan, other than through MGM China; the ability of the Macau government to (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise, (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise, or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry; and 9 the potential for conflicts of interest to arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of MGM China. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be made that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. You should also be aware that while we from time to time communicate with securities analysts, we do not disclose to them any material non-public information, internal forecasts or other confidential business information. Therefore, you should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any analyst, irrespective of the content of the statement or report. To the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain projections, forecasts or opinions, those reports are not our responsibility and are not endorsed by us. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth, as of February 11, 2026, the name, age and position of each of our executive officers. Executive officers are elected by and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Name Age Position William J. Hornbuckle 68 Chief Executive Officer and President Ayesha Molino 45 Chief Operating Officer Jonathan S. Halkyard 61 Chief Financial Officer John M. McManus 58 Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary Gary M. Fritz 52 Chief Commercial Officer and President of MGM Digital Mr. Hornbuckle has served as Chief Executive Officer since July 2020 and as President since December 2012. He served as Acting Chief Executive Officer from March 2020 to July 2020, as Chief Operating Officer from March 2019 to March 2020, as President and Chief Customer Development Officer from December 2018 to February 2019, as Chief Marketing Officer from August 2009 to August 2014 and President and Chief Operating Officer of Mandalay Bay Resort Casino from April 2005 to August 2009. Ms. Molino was appointed as Chief Operating Officer in January 2026. Previously, she served as Chief Public Affairs Officer and President and Chief Operating Officer of Aria and Vdara. Before moving into operations, she served as our Senior Vice President of Public Affairs. Ms. Molino joined the Company in January 2017 from the U.S. Senate, where from 2011 2016 she served as first Counsel and later Chief Counsel to former Senate Majority and Democratic Leader Harry Reid (D-NV). From 2007 2011 she served as International Trade Counsel to the U.S. Senate Finance Committee under then-Chairman Max Baucus (D-MT). Prior to her time in the Senate, Ms. Molino served as an Attorney-Advisor in the Office of General Counsel at the U.S. Department of Commerce. Mr. Halkyard has served as Chief Financial Officer since January 2021. From January 2021 to November 2025, he served as Chief Financial Offer and Treasurer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Halkyard served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Extended Stay America, Inc. ( Extended Stay ) and its paired-share REIT, ESH Hospitality, Inc., from January 2018 through November 2019, as Chief Financial Officer of Extended Stay from January 2015 through December 2017, and as Chief Operating Officer of Extended Stay from September 2013 through January 2015. Prior to joining Extended Stay, Mr. Halkyard served as Chief Financial Officer of NV Energy, Inc. from July 2012 through September 2013 and, prior to that, he served in various executive, finance and managerial roles at Caesars Entertainment, Inc. since 1999, including as Chief Financial Officer from 2006 through 2012. Mr. McManus has served as Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary since September 2022. He served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from July 2010 to August 2022, as Acting General Counsel from December 2009 to July 2010, as a senior member of the Company s Corporate Legal Department from July 2008 to December 2009, and he served as counsel to various MGM operating subsidiaries from May 2001 to July 2008. Mr. Fritz has served as Chief Commercial Officer and President of MGM Digital since September 2025. From October 2022 to September 2025, he served as President, MGM Resorts International Interactive. From November 2021 until October 2022, he served as Managing Director, Digital Mergers Acquisitions. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. 10 Fritz served as the sole member of Amanogawa, LLC, a consulting services company he owned. From 2020 until 2022, Amanogawa, LLC was retained by IAC to help lead and manage its interests in the gaming sector. He served as the President and Chief Growth Officer for TripAdvisor, Inc. from 2016 to 2020. Available Information We maintain a website at www.mgmresorts.com that includes financial and other information for investors. We provide access to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q , filed and furnished current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports on our website, free of charge, through a link to the SEC s EDGAR database. Through that link, our filings are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish the documents with the SEC. These filings are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Because of the time differences between Macau and the United States, we also use our corporate website as a means of posting important information about MGM China. References in this document to our website address do not incorporate by reference the information contained on the websites into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations. Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures. The agreements governing our senior credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations. We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Market Conditions We face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, including increased competition through online sports betting and iGaming, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside. We have suspended our payment of ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders, and may not elect to resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all. All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified. We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. 11 We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits. Leisure and business travel, especially travel by air, are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events, such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or the outbreak of infectious diseases. Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future. Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business. A significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results. We may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful. Our operational efforts to expand our digital business in new geographic markets may not be successful. The failure to maintain the integrity of our information and other systems or customer information can result in damage to our reputation, subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputation. We are subject to risks and costs related to climate change. Water scarcity could negatively impact our operations. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters and Changes in Public Policy Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us. If the jurisdictions in which we operate increase taxes and fees, including gaming taxes, our results could be adversely affected. The future recognition of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset may change materially in future periods. We face risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be, brought against us. Risks Related to Our Macau Operations We have agreed not to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan, other than through MGM China. The Macau government can (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise, (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise , or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry. We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of MGM China, the holding company for MGM Grand Paradise which owns and operates MGM Macau and MGM Cotai. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, please see below. Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations . As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $6.3 billion of principal amount of indebtedness outstanding on a consolidated basis, including $2.5 billion of outstanding indebtedness of MGM China. Any increase in the interest 12 rates applicable to our existing or future borrowings would increase the cost of our indebtedness and reduce the cash flow available to fund our other liquidity needs. We do not guarantee MGM China s obligations under its debt agreements and, to the extent MGM China was to cease to produce cash flow sufficient to service its indebtedness, our ability to make additional investments into MGM China is limited by the covenants in our existing senior credit facility. In addition, our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could have important negative consequences on us, including: increasing our exposure to general adverse economic and industry conditions; limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy (including returning value to our shareholders) or other general operating requirements; making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; or placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less-leveraged competitors. We currently also provide shortfall guarantees of the $3.01 billion and $3.0 billion principal amount of indebtedness (and any interest accrued and unpaid thereon) of the landlords of Bellagio and Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas, respectively. The terms of each guarantee provide that, after the lenders have exhausted certain remedies to collect on the obligations under the underlying indebtedness, we would then be responsible for any shortfall between the value of the collateral and the debt obligation, which amount may be material, and we may not have sufficient cash on hand to fund any such obligation to the extent it is triggered in the future. In addition, to the extent we no longer provide the shortfall guarantees, we would recognize certain tax gains related to our investments in Bellagio REIT Venture, the landlord of Bellagio, and VICI Properties OP LLC ( VICI OP ), the owner of the landlords of certain of our domestic properties, which may be significant. Further, we entered into certain tax protection agreements related to these investments that will expire in 2029 and 2037. Following the expiration of the agreements, to the extent Bellagio REIT Venture and VICI OP engage in certain transactions, we may realize taxable gains and such gains may be significant. Changes in tax laws or regulations may also materially affect the amount and timing of recognizing taxable gains on these investments. We also provide for guarantees (i) in the amount of 12.65 billion yen (approximately $81 million as of December 31, 2025) for 50% of MGM Osaka s obligations to Osaka under various agreements related to the venture s development of an integrated resort in Osaka, Japan and (ii) of an uncapped amount to provide funding to MGM Osaka, if necessary, for the completion of the construction and full opening of the integrated resort. The guarantees expire when the obligations relating to the full opening of the integrated resort are fulfilled. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand to satisfy any obligations with respect to any of these guarantees or our other financial commitments, we may need to raise capital, including incurring additional indebtedness, in order to satisfy our obligation. There can be no assurance that any financing will be available to us, or, if available, will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Under the terms of MGM Grand Paradise s concession, MGM Grand Paradise is required to implement certain investments in gaming and non-gaming projects, for which the non-gaming commitment is subject to increase if market-wide Macau annual gross gaming revenue reaches a specified level, as further discussed in Note 12. There can be no assurance, however, that MGM Grand Paradise will have sufficient cash on hand to fund these obligations, including the increased investment amounts, or that it would be able to obtain financing to fund these obligations on satisfactory terms or at all. If MGM Grand Paradise is unable to satisfy its investment commitments, its concession contract may be subject to termination by the Macau government. See Risks Related to Our Macau Operations The Macau government can (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise, (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise, or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry. Moreover, our businesses are capital intensive. For our owned, leased and managed properties to remain attractive and competitive, we must periodically invest significant capital to keep the properties well-maintained, modernized and refurbished. The leases for our operating properties have fixed rental payments (with annual escalators) and also require us to apply a percentage of net revenues generated at the leased properties to capital expenditures at those properties. Such investments require an ongoing supply of cash and, to the extent that we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained. Similarly, development projects, including the development of an integrated resort in Japan, strategic initiatives, including positioning BetMGM North America Venture as a leader in online sports betting and iGaming, investments in the growth of our international digital gaming business, and acquisitions could require significant capital commitments, the incurrence of additional debt, guarantees of third-party debt or the incurrence of contingent liabilities, any or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 13 Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures . Our ability to make payments on our substantial indebtedness and other significant financial commitments, including the rent payments under our leases, and to fund planned or committed capital expenditures and other investments depends on our ability to generate cash flow, receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates and subsidiaries (including BetMGM North America Venture and MGM China), and borrow under our senior credit facility or incur new indebtedness. If regional and national economic conditions deteriorate, including in connection with a recession, revenues from our operations could decline as consumer spending levels decrease and we could fail to generate cash sufficient to fund our liquidity needs or satisfy the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt and lease instruments. If we fail to generate cash sufficient to fund our liquidity needs or satisfy the financial and other covenants in our debt and lease instruments, we cannot assure you that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or fund our other liquidity needs or that we will be able to access the capital markets in the future to borrow additional debt on terms favorable to us, or at all. In addition, we have a significant amount of indebtedness maturing in 2027, and thereafter. Our ability to fund or timely refinance and replace our indebtedness will depend upon the economic and credit market conditions discussed above. If we are unable to fund or refinance our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments. There is no assurance that any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements or leases. The agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations . Covenants governing our senior secured credit facilities and certain of our debt securities restrict, among other things, our ability to: pay dividends or distributions, repurchase equity, prepay certain debt or make certain investments; incur additional debt; incur liens on assets; sell assets or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all of our assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; allow certain subsidiaries to transfer assets or enter into certain agreements; and enter into sale and lease-back transactions. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. The breach of any such covenants or obligations not otherwise waived or cured could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. Any default under our senior credit facility or the indentures could adversely affect our growth, our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt and other financial commitments. In addition, MGM China has issued debt securities and is a borrower under credit facilities, all of which contain covenants that restrict the borrower s ability to engage in certain transactions, require MGM China to satisfy certain financial covenants and impose certain operating and financial restrictions on MGM China and its subsidiaries. These restrictions include, among other things, limitations on MGM China s ability to incur liens, merge or consolidate with other companies, or transfer, sell or dispose of all or substantially all of its assets. We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes . We are required to make annual rent payments of $1.8 billion, in the aggregate, under our triple net lease agreements, which leases are also subject to annual escalators as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The leases also require us to spend a certain amount on capital expenditures at the leased properties. In addition, each of the leases obligates us to comply with certain financial covenants which, if not met, will require us to deposit cash collateral or issue letters of credit for the benefit of the applicable landlord equal to 6 months or 1 year of rent, as applicable to the circumstances, under the VICI Properties, Inc. ( VICI ) lease, 1 year of rent under the Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas lease, the Aria and Vdara lease, and The Cosmopolitan lease, and 2 years of rent under the Bellagio lease. As a result of the foregoing rent and capital expenditure obligations, our ability to fund our operations, raise capital, make acquisitions, make investments, service our debt and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes may be adversely affected. For example, our obligations under the leases may: 14 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to obtain additional indebtedness; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to making rent payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, pay dividends, repurchase shares and other general corporate purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; restrict our ability to make acquisitions, divestitures and engage in other significant transactions; and cause us to lose our rights with respect to the applicable leased properties if we fail to pay rent or other amounts or otherwise default on the leases. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Market Conditions We face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, including increased competition through online sports betting and iGaming, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . The hotel, resort, entertainment, and gaming industries are highly competitive. We do not believe that our competition is limited to a particular geographic area, and hotel, resort, entertainment, and gaming operations in other states or countries, as well as the increased availability of online sports betting and iGaming, could attract our customers. To the extent that new casinos enter our markets or hotel room capacity is expanded by others in major destination locations, competition will increase. Major competitors, including potential new entrants, may also expand their hotel room capacity, expand their range of amenities, improve their level of service, or construct new resorts in Las Vegas, Macau or in the domestic regional markets in which we operate, all of which could attract our customers. Also, the growth of retail gaming in areas outside Las Vegas has increased the competition faced by our operations in Las Vegas and elsewhere, including growth in tribal gaming in states such as Florida. In addition, in the last several years local referendums to allow retail gaming have passed in Virginia and Nebraska, with active lobbying occurring in states like Texas, North Carolina and Georgia, among others. Finally, in 2025, the New York Gaming Commission issued licenses for three integrated resorts projects that will include live-dealer table games, which we expect will increase competition in the Northeast corridor and may have a negative impact on our New York and New Jersey operations. While we believe our principal competitors are major gaming and hospitality resorts with well-established and recognized brands, we also compete against smaller hotel offerings and peer-to-peer inventory sources, which allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments from owners. We expect that we will continue to face increased competition from new channels of distribution, innovations in consumer-facing technology platforms and other transformations in the travel industry that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers and related business. We have also seen significant expansion across the United States and internationally in legalized forms of iGaming and online sports betting and expect additional jurisdictions will likely legalize iGaming and online sports betting in the future as well as a rise in illegal forms of iGaming and online sports betting, such as sweepstakes, offshore operators and gray market operators. We participate in the iGaming and online sports betting market through our MGM Digital segment and through our BetMGM North America Venture, both of which face significant competition from other industry participants as well as the broader gaming and entertainment industries. If our digital businesses are unable to sustain or grow interest in their offerings they may not be able to gain the scale necessary to successfully compete in the growing market and, as a result, we may not receive the anticipated benefits from our investments. Further, our digital businesses may be unable to respond quickly or adequately to changes in the industry brought on by new regulations, products or technologies, the availability of other technology platforms, such as prediction markets, and marketing channels, or the introduction of new features and functionality or new marketing or promotional efforts by competitors. Such competitors may also spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products or services than ours. In addition, the expansion of iGaming, online sports betting, and other types of gaming may further compete with our land-based operations by reducing customer visitation and spend at our properties. In addition, competition could increase if changes in gaming restrictions in the United States and elsewhere are enacted, including the addition of new gaming establishments located closer to our customers than our casinos. For example, while our Macau operations compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in or near Asia, certain areas in the region have legalized casino gaming (including Japan) and others (such as Taiwan and Thailand) may legalize casino gaming (or iGaming) in the future. Furthermore, currently MGM Grand Paradise holds one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the Macau government to operate casinos in Macau. If the Macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in Macau through the grant of additional concessions or if current concessionaires open additional facilities, we would face increased competition. Similarly, as a result of Macau s Gaming Inspection and Co-ordination 15 Bureau increased scrutiny and restrictions imposed on gaming promoters, we along with certain other casino operators in Macau, suspended our primary gaming promoters in late 2021 and subsequently terminated our contractual arrangements with such promoters, which has led to substantial declines in revenues from gaming promoters. As a result, competition for the mass market segment amongst Macau operators has substantially increased and we expect it to continue to grow and if we are unable to maintain and further develop our mass market business, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Most jurisdictions where casino gaming is currently permitted place numerical and/or geographical limitations on the issuance of new gaming licenses. Although a number of jurisdictions in the United States and foreign countries are considering legalizing or expanding casino gaming, in some cases new gaming operations may be restricted to specific locations and we expect that there will be intense competition for any attractive new opportunities (which may include acquisitions of existing properties) that do arise. In addition to competition with other hotels, resorts and casinos, we compete with destination travel locations outside of the markets in which we operate. Our failure to compete successfully in our various markets and to continue to attract customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside . Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending and corporate spending on conventions, trade shows and business development. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, economic contraction, economic uncertainty, geopolitical uncertainty, or the perception by our customers of weak or weakening economic conditions may cause a decline in demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows and conventions, and for the type of luxury amenities we offer. In addition, changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences could be driven by factors such as the increased cost of travel, an unstable job market, perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth, outbreaks of contagious diseases or fears of war and acts of terrorism or other acts of violence. Consumer preferences also evolve over time due to a variety of factors, including demographic changes, which, for instance, have resulted in the growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and timely react to these trends, and any failure to do so may negatively impact our results of operations. In particular, Aria, Bellagio, MGM Grand Las Vegas, and The Cosmopolitan may be affected by economic conditions in the Far East, and all of our Nevada resorts are affected by economic conditions in the United States, and California in particular. A recession, economic slowdown or any other significant economic condition, including increased inflationary pressures, affecting consumers, corporations, or the supply chain, generally is likely to cause a reduction in visitation to our properties, which would adversely affect our operating results. Likewise, increased trade tension between the United States and other countries, including as a result of the imposition of tariffs, could lead to a decrease in cross border-travel, result in us paying higher prices for imported goods at our properties and result in countries adopting protectionist legislation that could impair our international operations. In addition, adverse market conditions may impact the labor market and cause disruptions to the global supply chain. If we are unable to hire and retain sufficient employees to operate our properties or procure necessary supplies, our business, results of operations and reputation could be negatively impacted. Finally, we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. We conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. Accordingly, we receive cash from royalties, dividends and distributions that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations, which may be impacted by various factors, including compliance with certain local statutes, the laws and regulations currently and in the future applicable to our subsidiaries and restrictions in connection with their contractual arrangements. For instance, while currently there are no foreign exchange or capital control restrictions applicable to intercompany transactions between us and MGM China, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case in the future and that our ability to convert large amounts of Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars over a relatively short period will not be limited. If, in the future, foreign exchange or capital control restrictions or other restrictions on MGM China s ability to pay dividends were to be imposed and become applicable to us, such restrictions could potentially reduce or eliminate the amounts that we would be able to receive from MGM China, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, since we expect a significant number of customers to come to MGM Macau and MGM Cotai (and, to a lesser extent, our domestic properties) from mainland China, general economic, regulatory, geopolitical and market conditions in China could impact our financial prospects. Any slowdown in economic growth or changes to China s current restrictions on currency conversion or movements, including market impacts resulting from China s anti-corruption campaign and related tightening of liquidity provided by non-bank lending entities and cross-border currency monitoring (including increased restrictions on Union Pay withdrawals and other ATM limits on the withdrawal of cash and facial recognition technology on ATM machines in Macau to strictly enforce the know your customer regulations for mainland Chinese bank cardholders), could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland China and/or the amounts they are willing 16 to spend at our properties. In addition, any potential policy changes which may affect cross-border travel, similar to the previous travel restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse impact on visitation from mainland China. Furthermore, the enactment of new laws in Macau, including the new illegal gaming law, which criminalizes activities such as unlicensed currency exchange for gaming purposes and unauthorized grant of credit for gaming purpose, may also adversely impact the amounts visitors are willing to spend at our properties. It is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect, become more restrictive, or be readopted in the future. These developments have had, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to Macau from mainland China, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in Macau. Furthermore, our operations in Macau may be impacted by competition for limited labor resources and our ability to retain and hire employees. We compete with a large number of casino properties for a limited number of employees and we anticipate that such competition, which significantly increased following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions in early 2023, will continue in Macau. While we seek employees from outside of Macau to adequately staff our properties, certain Macau government policies limit our ability to import labor in certain job classifications (for instance, the Macau government requires that we only hire Macau residents as dealers in our casinos) and any future government policies that freeze or cancel our ability to import labor could cause labor costs to increase. Finally, because additional gaming or non-gaming projects have commenced operations and other projects are under construction, the existing transportation infrastructure may need to be expanded to accommodate increased visitation to Macau. If transportation facilities to and from Macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of customers visiting Macau, the desirability of Macau as a travel destination, as well as the results of operations at our developments in Macau, could be negatively impacted. We have suspended our payment of ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders, and may not elect to resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all. On February 8, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors had determined to suspend our ongoing regular dividends in order to focus on our preferred method of returning value to shareholders through our share repurchase plan. Our future resumption of dividend payments, if any, would be subject to the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, and our ability to pay any dividends in the future could be limited by a variety of factors, including our holding company structure, existing and future debt agreements entered into by us or our subsidiaries, state law requirements, our future liquidity position, potential alternative uses of cash, general economic conditions and expected future financial results, in addition to other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. All of our domestic properties are subject to triple net leases that, in addition to rent, require us to pay: (1) all facility maintenance, (2) all insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, (3) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor), (4) all capital expenditures, and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. We are responsible for paying these expenses notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall accrue in part to the landlords as the owners of the associated facilities. Furthermore, our obligation to pay rent as well as the other costs described above is absolute in virtually all circumstances, regardless of the performance of the properties and other circumstances that might abate rent in leases that now place these risks on the tenant, such as certain events of casualty and condemnation. Finally, our leases limit our ability to cease operations at our properties, subject to certain limited exceptions. Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified . Given that a significant number of our major resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the Las Vegas tourism industry. For example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air travel to and from Las Vegas can adversely affect our business. We cannot control the number or frequency of flights to or from Las Vegas, but we rely on air traffic for a significant portion of our visitors. Reductions in flights by major airlines as a result of higher fuel prices, lower demand, or otherwise, can impact the number of visitors to our properties. Additionally, there is one principal interstate highway between Las Vegas and Southern California, where a large number of our customers reside. Capacity constraints of that highway or any other traffic disruptions may also affect the number of customers who visit our facilities. We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables . We conduct a portion of our gaming activities on a credit basis through the issuance of markers which are unsecured instruments. Table games players typically are issued more markers than slot players, and high-end players typically are issued more markers than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. High-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of 17 gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. Furthermore, the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these high-end customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We issue markers to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. Uncollectible receivables from high-end customers could have a significant impact on our results of operations. While gaming debts evidenced by markers and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of Nevada, and Nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the U.S. Constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. Although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the U.S. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from United States courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. Furthermore, we expect that MGM Grand Paradise will be able to enforce its gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including Macau. To the extent MGM Grand Paradise gaming customers are from other jurisdictions, MGM Grand Paradise may not have access to a forum in which it will be able to collect all of its gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and MGM Grand Paradise may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Moreover, under applicable law, MGM Grand Paradise remains obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers. Even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results. We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits . We review our goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis and during interim reporting periods in accordance with the authoritative guidance. Significant negative trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, changes in our business strategy, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth have resulted in write-downs and impairment charges in the past and, if one or more of such events occurs in the future, additional impairment charges or write-downs may be required in future periods. For instance, in 2025, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of the full amount of the Empire City reporting unit s goodwill of $256 million. If we are required to record additional impairment charges or write-downs, this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations. Leisure and business travel , especially travel by air , are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events , such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or the outbreak of infectious diseases . We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel by air. Since most of our customers travel by air to our Las Vegas and Macau properties, any terrorist act or other acts of violence, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war, or any actual or perceived threat to the security of travel by air, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the outbreak of infectious diseases, such as COVID-19, may severely disrupt domestic and international travel. Furthermore, although we have been able to purchase some insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts, insurance coverage against physical loss or business interruption resulting from war and some forms of terrorism continues to be unavailable. Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk . In addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, we have from time to time invested, and expect to continue to invest, in properties or businesses as a co-investor. Co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property or business. Therefore, the operation of such properties or businesses is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. Furthermore, the occurrence of risks that adversely affect the businesses of our joint ventures or other unconsolidated affiliates could reduce the value of our investments in such entities, impair their ability to make any potential future distributions to us or require that we make additional capital contributions to them. The shared nature of control over such ventures may limit our ability to directly manage these risks. In addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. Consequently, actions by a co-investor might subject the properties or businesses owned by such entities to additional risk. Further, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our 18 co-investors, or our co-investors could take actions binding on the property without our consent. Additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, we could become liable for its share of liabilities. For example, we share control of BetMGM North America Venture with our venture partner, Entain plc ( Entain ), with all major operating, investing and financial activities requiring the consent of both members. Disagreements between us and Entain could arise in the future, which could disrupt the venture s operations. Finally, we were awarded a concession to develop an integrated casino resort in Japan in a consortium with ORIX and other local investors, subject to our receipt of a casino license to operate the same. As a result, we could be subject to additional risks related to being unable to directly control development activities or the timing of development completion, which may impact our ability to complete the project on our anticipated timeline, or at all, or within the agreed upon specifications. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects . Although our business model is primarily asset-light, we intend to continue to evaluate opportunities for future construction, development or expansion projects. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects, such as our integrated resort under construction in Japan, will be subject to a number of risks, including: lack of sufficient, or delays in the availability of, financing; changes to plans and specifications; engineering problems, including defective plans and specifications; shortages of, and price increases in, energy, materials and skilled and unskilled labor; pricing inflation, including wage inflation; delays in obtaining or inability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals; changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, residential, real estate development or construction projects; labor disputes or work stoppages; availability of qualified contractors and subcontractors; disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors; personal injuries to workers and other persons; environmental, health and safety issues, including site accidents and the spread of viruses; weather interferences or delays; fires, typhoons and other natural disasters; geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases. The occurrence of any of these development and construction risks could increase the total costs, delay or prevent the construction, development, expansion or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of any future projects which we might undertake. In addition, the regulatory approvals, debt agreements or other contractual arrangements associated with our development projects may require us to open future casino properties by a certain specified time and to the extent we are unable to meet those deadlines, and any such deadlines are not extended, we may lose our regulatory approval to open a casino resort in a proposed jurisdiction, or incur payment penalties, fines or other expenses, in connection with any delays which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also make significant capital expenditures to maintain and upgrade our properties, which may disrupt operations and displace revenue at the properties, including revenue lost while rooms, restaurants and meeting spaces are under renovation and out of service. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future . Although we have all risk property insurance coverage for our operating properties, which covers damage caused by a casualty loss (such as fire, natural disasters, or terrorism or other acts of violence), each policy has certain exclusions. In addition, our property insurance coverage is in an amount that may be significantly less than the expected replacement cost of rebuilding the facilities if there was a total loss. Our level of insurance coverage also may not be adequate to cover all losses in the event of a major casualty. In addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes, nuclear events, acts of war, loss of income due to cancellation of room reservations or conventions due to fear of terrorism or other acts of violence, loss of electrical power due to catastrophic or other events, rolling blackouts or otherwise, deterioration or corrosion, insect or animal damage, and pollution, may not be covered at all under our policies. Therefore, certain acts could expose us to substantial uninsured losses. 19 In addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of these events or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. While we carry business interruption insurance and general liability insurance, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses in any such event. Furthermore, our triple net leases require us to maintain specified insurance coverage. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to obtain the types and limits of insurance coverage required by these leases and, to the extent such required insurance coverage cannot be obtained at commercially reasonable cost or at all, then we would need to obtain amendments to the leases or face a default by the applicable tenant under the lease, which could have material adverse effect on our business. We renew our insurance policies on an annual basis. The cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits, further increase our deductibles or self-insured retentions, or agree to certain exclusions from our coverage. Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business . The development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. While our business as a whole is not substantially dependent on any one trademark or combination of several of our trademarks or other intellectual property, we seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our business operations through the use of trade secrets, trademarks, domain names, copyright, and by seeking and enforcing legal protections under contract law and other laws and regulations related to the foregoing . We file applications for, and obtain trademarks in, the United States and in foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, parties may infringe our trademarks and other intellectual property and our rights may be invalidated or unenforceable. For example, while we have a policy of entering into agreements with (or imposing other restrictions on) our employees, independent contractors, and business partners addressing confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, and non-competition and non-solicitation issues, such agreements may not provide adequate protection or may be breached, or our proprietary information may otherwise become available to or be independently developed by our competitors. The laws of some foreign countries also may not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States. Monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. Certain of our technology also contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open-source licenses. Use and distribution of open-source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology and, under certain open-source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Third parties have alleged and may in the future allege that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. Third parties may initiate litigation against us without warning or may send us letters or other communications that make allegations without initiating litigation. We may elect not to respond to these letters or other communications if we believe they are without merit, or we may attempt to resolve these disputes out of court by negotiating a license, but in either case it is possible that such disputes will ultimately result in litigation. Any such claims could interfere with our ability to use technology or intellectual property that is material to the operation of our business. Such claims