=== NDAQ_2026-04-24.htm.gz ===
ndaq-20260424 DEF 14A FALSE 0001120193 iso4217:USD 0001120193 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001120193 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001120193 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001120193 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001120193 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001120193 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Nasdaq, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 2026 Proxy Statement APRIL 24, 2026 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Our Story Since the beginning, Nasdaq has had disruption in its DNA. From pioneering the world s first electronic exchange and building innovative indexes, Nasdaq has evolved into a leading technology platform that powers the world s e conomies . Nasdaq serves as the trusted fabric of the world's financial system. We empower economic opportunity by designing and deploying advanced technology, data, and intelligence solutions that enable our clients to capture opportunities, navigate risk, and strengthen resilience. Dear Fellow Shareholders , As our 2026 Annual Shareholder Meeting approaches, it is an honor to write to you as your Board of Directors. We thank you for your investment in Nasdaq and for the The Company s exceptional performance in 2025 demonstrates another year of operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. trust that it conveys. As the business achievements and governance principles described throughout this Proxy Statement indicate, we are relentlessly focused on the pursuit of Nasdaq s sustained long-term success. Generating value for you remains at the core of everything we do. The Company s exceptional performance in 2025 demonstrates another year of operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. Nasdaq s acquisition of Adenza became EPS accretive in the third quarter of 2025, less than 18 months after the closing of the acquisition and six months ahead of the initial target timeline. Nasdaq also delivered strong results across all divisions, expanded our operating leverage, generated robust cash flow, and achieved several major milestones that underscore the resilience of the business and the ability to deliver growth in a rapidly shifting and complicated environment. Some of these highlights include: Surpassed $5 billion in annual net revenue (with $5.2 billion) and $4 billion in annual Solutions revenue for the first time in our history. Maintained our position as the #1 U.S. listing exchange by proceeds raised for the seventh straight year and welcomed $1.2 trillion of market value in listing transfers. Set new Index franchise records, with year-end AUM of $882 billion and net inflows of $99 billion over the twelve months ended December 31, 2025. Achieved record U.S. equities and U.S. options revenues in Market Services. In the December Triple-Witch event, the closing cross executed record daily notional value of $233 billion . Achieved 14% annual growth in both Financial Technology revenue and ARR while serving over 3,800 clients including 100% of Global Systemically Important Banks . Increased our quarterly cash dividend by 13% to $ 0.27 per share. Repaid an aggregate of $826 million of outstanding debt, meeting Nasdaq's deleveraging goal ahead of schedule. Returned more than $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Proposed the trading of tokenized equity securities on Nasdaq's U.S. markets, which was approved by the SEC in March 2026. Proposed 23/5 trading of U.S. equities with plans for implementation in the second half of 2026, which received regulatory approval in April 2026. These accomplishments not only reflect the power, breadth, and durability of the Company, but the momentum behind it. Nasdaq continues to enhance our client solutions by incorporating AI in a secure and responsible manner. Our AI-first product strategy is built on a strong foundation of differentiators, including decades of experience innovating in a 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT highly regulated industry, a cloud-native platform underpinning mission-critical workflows, and gold-standard data embedded in the financial ecosystem. With unwavering focus on security and compliance, Nasdaq scaled AI across both our products and the enterprise in 2025. This included deploying AI solutions throughout our platform, and as of December 31, 2025, enabling more than 350 Verafin clients to adopt agentic AI workers, and integrating over 150 AI enterprise agents within the Company. Driving long-term organizational performance in an increasingly complex environment requires the right mix of skills and experience in the boardroom. Through purposeful refreshment, we have built a highly engaged, thoughtful, and proactive Board. Our 12 director nominees bring a wide variety of backgrounds, global perspectives, and the deep industry expertise we need to best anticipate risks and oversee the strategic direction of the Company. As the operating landscape continues to evolve, we regularly assess our Board s composition, leadership structure, and governance practices to ensure they are closely aligned with the effective oversight of Nasdaq s strategic priorities. When it comes to executing those priorities, we have the utmost trust in Nasdaq s leadership team. Ensuring we attract and retain the best people will always be critical to the Company s success, and we remain actively focused on the high- priority work of talent management oversight. We believe we have the right leadership team in place and are proud of the innovative, resilient, client-centric, and returns-driven culture they have created. As we look ahead, we continue to see tremendous prospects for growth. We are incredibly confident in Nasdaq s ability to lead with clarity, unlock new possibilities, and redefine the future of the global financial system. Thank you again for your investment and belief in Nasdaq and for the opportunity to serve as your Board. Holden Spaht Johan Torgeby Toni Townes-Whitley Jeffery W. Yabuki Alfred W. Zollar Melissa M. Arnoldi Charlene T. Begley Essa Kazim Thomas A. Kloet Kathryn A. Koch Adena T. Friedman, Chair and CEO Michael R. Splinter, Lead Independent Director Dear Shareholders, The global economy, and the financial system that underpins it, is entering a period of accelerated change. Artificial intelligence is driving a new wave of technological advancement that will reshape industries. Capital markets are contending with geopolitical fragmentation and rising volatility, alongside an ongoing shift toward always on markets. Smarter financial regulation is beginning to take shape in the U.S., while globally the regulatory environment remains more complex. These forces create a meaningful opportunity for Nasdaq to expand its impact as the trusted transformation partner to our clients. Technology, most notably AI, is a powerful accelerant that unlocks productivity, insight, and efficiency at scale, while also increasing the sophistication and reach of our solutions. Navigating this environment requires infrastructure that is not only innovative, but resilient, trusted, and designed to evolve. Nasdaq is built for this moment. As financial systems become more real time and more interconnected, our growing role in the global economy reinforces our position as the trusted fabric of the financial system. Delivering for Shareholders Nasdaq is built for this moment. As financial systems become more real time and more interconnected, our growing role in the global economy reinforces our position as the trusted fabric of the financial system. Adena T. Friedman Chair and CEO Nasdaq, Inc. 2025 was marked by strong organic growth, accelerated innovation, and disciplined execution in a complex operating environment. We surpassed $5 billion in annual net revenue for the first time - delivering $5.2 billion in total - exceeded $4 billion in Solutions revenue, achieved record performance across our Index and Market Services franchises, and delivered another exceptional year in Listings, including a record $1.2 trill ion of market value in listing transfers. We also earned credit rating upgrades from both Moody s and S P. In 2025, we took important steps to ensure Nasdaq is not only prepared for this period of transformation, but positioned to lead. We continued to invest in how markets function, advancing plans to extend trading hours and taking concrete steps to integrate tokenization into the regulated public markets framework. As part of this work, we are advancing our proposal to trade tokenized securities and developing an equity token design that protects issuers ownership rights while upholding market integrity. Through our One Nasdaq strategy, we deepened client relationships, accelerated cross-sells across the company, and extended our footprint to serve critical players across the financial industry, including every systemically important global bank . We embedded AI more deeply across our business, including with the introduction of our Agentic AI Workforce to help institutions address the growing scale and sophistication of financial crime. 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT A Leading Global Technology Platform Today, Nasdaq is a leading global technology platform that powers the world s economies. We serve as the trusted fabric of the world s financial system and deploy the technology, data, and advanced analytics that enable market participants to capture opportunities, navigate risk, and strengthen resilience. At the foundation of our platform are integrated client solutions embedded directly into critical workflows across trading, risk management, compliance, surveillance, listings, and data consumption. Built on this foundation is our embedded global client community , spanning approximately 10,000 corporates, 5,000 institutional investors, 3,800 financial institutions, and 135 markets and regulators. Through our client community, we generate powerful network effects and insights drawn not only from data, but also from collective intelligence. At the core of our solutions is our gold-standard data , generated by activity across the full life cycle of the global financial system. This data i s distinguished by its proprietary nature, and our ability to activate it on behalf of our clients. Underpinning it all is our engineering excellence and One Nasdaq operating model, a capability that enables us to scale innovation and deliver for our clients. Our platform provides a clear, disciplined, and exciting growth strategy, particularly in the age of AI. We are expanding our existing solutions across new clients and geographies, while deepening penetration in the markets where we operate. We are evolving our business through new technologies, partnerships, and delivery models that bring forward revenue from our total addressable market. And we are transforming the industry developing new solutions that extend our capabilities, grow our addressable markets, and reinforce our role at the center of the global financial system. Taken together, this approach positions us to deliver consistent organic growth and generate significant free cash flow while continuing to invest in innovation. As markets evolve and complexity increases, we are well-positioned to create long-term value for shareholders and to play an even more important role in supporting the integrity and vitality of the global financial system. On behalf of the entire Nasdaq team, thank you for your continued support of our business and our vision. Sincerely, Adena T. Friedman Chair and CEO Nasdaq, Inc. Acronyms and Certain Defined Terms AI Artificial Intelligence ARR Annualized Recurring Revenue AUM Assets Under Management CEO Chief Executive Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer CIO Chief Information Officer COBRA Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act CTO Chief Technology Officer ECIP Executive Corporate Incentive Plan EPS Earnings Per Share Equity Plan Nasdaq s Equity Incentive Plan ERM Enterprise Risk Management ESPP Employee Stock Purchase Plan ETP Exchange Traded Product EVP Executive Vice President Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB ASC Topic 718 Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Stock Compensation FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Form 10-K Nasdaq s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2025, as filed with the SEC on February 12, 2026 GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GICS Global Industry Classification Standard IPO Initial Public Offering M A Mergers and Acquisitions NEO Named Executive Officer P L Profit Loss PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PSU Performance Share Unit RSU Restricted Stock Unit S P Standard Poor s SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SVP Senior Vice President TSR Total Shareholder Return VP Vice President 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents About Nasdaq 1 Meeting Notice 4 Voting Summary 5 Shareholder Engagement 7 Year-round Engagement 8 Meaningful Actions 10 Our Board 11 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 12 Director Nominees 13 Director Identification and Evaluation 14 Board Composition 15 Board Refreshment and Nominations 17 Director Biographies 18 Board Committees 30 Director Compensation 35 Governance 38 Governance Highlights 39 Corporate Governance Framework 40 Board Leadership Structure 41 Board Independence 43 Committee Independence and Expertise 43 Director Onboarding 44 Director Education 44 Board Assessment Process 44 Service on Other Public Company Boards 46 Board Meetings and Attendance 47 Company Oversight 48 Other Policies and Practices 52 Communicating with the Board 54 Executive Officers 55 Executive Compensation 59 Proposal 2: Approval of the Company s Executive Compensation on an Advisory Basis 60 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 61 Management Compensation Committee Report 90 Executive Compensation Tables 91 Employment Agreements and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 96 Pay Versus Performance 103 CEO Pay Ratio 107 Audit Risk 108 Audit Risk Committee Report 109 Annual Evaluation and 2026 Selection of Independent Auditor 109 Proposal 3: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 111 Other Items 112 Other Business 113 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 113 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 115 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 116 Annual Meeting FAQs 118 Annex A 123 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 124 1 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT About Nasdaq The Trusted Fabric of the Financial System We architect the world s most modern markets by delivering scalable and agile infrastructure that enables deeper liquidity and more seamless flows of capital across markets globally. We power the innovation economy by integrating infrastructure, data, and innovative investment products that enable innovators to scale and investors to allocate with confidence. We build trust in the financial system by delivering intelligent solutions that help institutions detect risk early, respond with precision, and protect the integrity of their operations. Our Solutions Market Services Advancing the modernization of markets to create trusted financial networks enabling markets to reach their full potential. Our Foundational Pillars Architecting the World's Most Modern Markets Capital Access Platforms Enhance liquidity by modernizing markets with innovative technology. Enabling economic growth through access to capital and transparency, and helping clients navigate capital markets and drive governance excellence. Building Trust in the Financial System Provide mission critical solutions that allow our clients to address key focus areas across financial crime, regulatory compliance and reporting, and risk management. Financial Technology Providing world-class technology to solve the biggest challenges across risk management, regulatory compliance, and capital markets workflows and infrastructure. Powering the Innovation Economy Develop the world s best listing ecosystem to provide liquidity to innovators and issuers, and build an Index business that allows investors to access the world s most valuable companies and innovative investment strategies. 2 Our People Our Purpose To Empower Economic Opportunity We continued to strengthen our commitment to, and investment in, attracting, retaining, developing, and motivating our employees during 2025. With a 94% participation rate, our most recent engagement survey results reached a record high rating of 81% favorable, with 14% neutral, placing us in the top 10% of tech companies. Additional information regarding our human capital management matters can be found in our annual Sustainability Report and our Form 10-K. Our Vision Innovation Nasdaq seeks to hire and develop world-class and innovative talent across the globe. We continue to invest in professional development for our employees, with an emphasis on AI in 2025. We facilitated workshops, piloted AI-powered agent solutions, and established our AI Champions community. These efforts further embedded digital skills into our culture and operations, with a significant portion of employees participating in AI training and enablement programs, allowing us to enhance our offerings. We will be the trusted fabric of the world's financial system . Our Value Proposition Int egrity We deliver world-leading platforms that advance the liquidity, transparency, and integrity of the global economy. Our commitment to integrity remains at the center of all we do, a nd based on our regular engagement surveys, our employees are proud to work at Nasdaq. Additional information on operating with integrity can be found under Governance Other Policies and Practices - Ethics and Compliance. 3 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Delivering for Our Shareholders 2025 Business Results 10% $882 B $ 5.2 B Period end ETP AUM at December 31, 2025 ARR growth over the fourth quarter of 2024 Net revenue 1 $ 2.3 B $24 B Operating cash flow Total proceeds raised from e ligible U. S. operat ing company IPOs V alu e Creation Diluted EPS 3 Total Shareholder Return 2 n GAAP n NON-GAAP n NDAQ n S P 500 Operating Margin Operating Income n GAAP n NON-GAAP n GAAP n NON-GAAP 13% $1.2 B $826 M Increase to quarterly dividend in 2025 Returned to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases in 2025 Repayment of outstanding indebtedness 1. Represents revenue less transaction-related expenses. 2. For purposes of the TSR shown on this page, TSR represents the change in value of the security or index including both price appreciation or depreciation and reinvested cash dividends of the respective security or index over the period indicated. All periods shown here are calculated using an end date of December 31, 2025. 3. The increase in our GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS for 2025 as compared with 2024 was primarily due to the acquisition of AxiomSL and Calypso. 4 Meeting Notice Virtual Meeting Logistics Date Time Where Wednesday, June 10, 2026 8:00 a.m., Eastern Time virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NDAQ2026 Items of Business 1. To elect 12 directors for a one-year term 2. To approve the Company s executive compensation on an advisory basis 3. To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 4. To consider any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting, and any adjournment or postponement of the meeting Important Meeting Information Record Date Shareholders of record as of April 13, 2026 will be eligible to vote at and participate in the Annual Meeting using the 16-digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, voter instruction form, or proxy card. A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials will be mailed on or about April 24, 2026. Asking Questions Prior to the Annual Meeting, shareholder questions can be submitted at proxyvote.com . During the meeting, questions may be submitted in the question box provided at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NDAQ2026 . Replays A replay of the Annual Meeting will be posted as soon as practical at ir.nasdaq.com along with answers to shareholder questions pertinent to meeting matters that are received before and during the Annual Meeting that cannot be answered due to time constraints. The replay will be available for one year following the Annual Meeting. Voting Your vote is important to us. Please promptly vote your shares as soon as possible by internet, telephone, or returning your proxy card. To express our appreciation for your participation, Nasdaq will make a $1 charitable donation to Accion on behalf of every unique holder that votes. By Order of the Board of Directors, Erika Moore SVP, Chief Governance and Corporate Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 10, 2026 Nasdaq s 2026 Proxy Statement and Form 10-K are available at: ir.nasdaq.com or proxyvote.com 5 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Voting Summary This summary of proposals and recommendations is intended to provide a general overview of voting matters and may not contain all the information that is important to you. Please review this entire Proxy Statement, as well as our Form 10-K, prior to voting. Proposal Recommendation 1. Election of Directors FOR Elect 12 directors to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting. The Nominating Governance Committee has recommended, and the Board has nominated, 12 directors for election at the Annual Meeting to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting. We have built a highly engaged, independent Board with broad and diverse experience that is committed to representing the long-term interests of our shareholders. 2. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR Approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the 2025 compensation of the Company s NEOs. Our Board and the Management Compensation Committee are committed to executive compensation programs that align with our strategic priorities, business objectives, and shareholder interests. Compensation decisions are based on Nasdaq s financial and operational performance and reflect a continued emphasis on variable, at-risk compensation paid over the long-term. 3. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. The Audit Risk Committee is directly responsible for the annual review, compensation, retention, and oversight of our independent external auditor. The Audit Risk Committee, and our Board, believe that the continued retention of Ernst Young LLP is in the best interests of Nasdaq and its shareholders. How to Vote Use any of the following methods and your 16-digit control number: Online By Phone By Mail Attend the Annual Meeting Visit proxyvote.com Visit 24/7 Call +1 800 690 6903 in the U.S. or Canada to vote your shares Cast your ballot, sign your proxy card, and return by postage-paid envelope Vote during the meeting by following the instructions on the website 6 Vote to Make a Difference. Every vote counts. To express our appreciation for your participation, Nasdaq will make a $1 charitable donation to Accion on behalf of every unique shareholder that votes. Accion is a global nonprofit dedicated to improving the lives of underserved people by building innovative and responsible financial solutions, powering financial inclusion through digital technology. Shareholder Engagement 8 Accountability to our shareholders is not just a mark of good corporate governance it is a critical component of our success. Fostering long-term relationships and maintaining trust with our shareholders is a key priority for both management and the Board. Year-round Engagement We maintain active shareholder outreach and engagement throughout the year, offering a continuous cycle of feedback and response. Our Investor Relations and Corporate Secretary teams provide periodic updates throughout the year to our shareholders, driving awareness of our performance, significant corporate governance matters, sustainability initiatives, and changes in our Board and executive management. Our comprehensive engagement program also features year-round investor relations outreach efforts through investor conferences, non-deal roadshows, and meetings on a regular basis. We strive to engage with a broad set of investors ranging from large institutions to smaller and mid-sized firms, pension funds, endowments, and family offices, as well as individual investors. We aim to obtain their input on key matters and hear from them on the issues that matter most. Shareholder feedback provides our Board and management with valuable insights on our business strategy and performance, corporate responsibility, and executive compensation, among many other topics. This feedback informs various business decisions and helps us more effectively tailor the information we disclose to the public. Webcasts of management s presentations at industry or investor conferences are generally made available to investors and are accessible for a period of time at ir.nasdaq.com . The key components of our investor outreach are described below. Investor Day At our biennial Investor Day, Nasdaq s CEO, CFO, and other members of the senior leadership team provide an update on our vision, strategy, and outlook, including a detailed overview of each business division, and our financial and operational performance. Question and answer sessions also are held with members of our senior management team and the investment community throughout the day. Our Investor Day is an important opportunity to demonstrate the breadth of our leadership team, offer our current and prospective shareholders a deeper understanding of the Company and its opportunities, and build confidence across all stakeholder groups in our strategy and our plans to drive resilient and scalable growth. This event was most recently held in February 2026 at Nasdaq s New York headquarters and was also broadcast via live webcast. Replays and materials were made available on our investor relations website following the event. More than 650 members of the investment community attended our 2026 Investor Day, either in person or virtually through the webcast. Management discussed our 2026 strategic priorities and how Nasdaq has transformed into a leading technology platform that powers the world s markets and safeguards trust in the financial system. We are committed to constructive, honest, and year-round engagement with our shareholders, including portfolio managers and investment stewardship teams and our Corporate Governance Guidelines codify our Board s commitment to oversight of shareholder engagement. 9 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Nasdaq s senior leadership team outlined three strategic priorities that drove our exceptional results in 2025: Integrate, by surpassing our expanded efficiency program net expense target, with over $160 million in expense efficiencies actioned as of the end of 2025, as compared to the $80 million net expense synergies goal announced with the acquisition of AxiomSL and Calypso; Innovate, by continuing our efforts to modernize markets, including through the submission of proposals to the SEC to both facilitate the trading of tokenized securities (approved in March 2026) and enable 23/5 trading (approved in April 2026), as well as continuing to develop and implement AI product enhancements across our offerings; and Accelerate, by continuing to deliver on our One Nasdaq strategy through cross-sell wins across Financial Technology, enabling us to remain on track to surpass $100 million in run-rate revenue from cross-sells by exit 2027. Management also discussed how our s trong cash flow drives our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including our deleveraging plan, increases to our quarterly dividend, and our continued share repurchases through our previously announced Board- authorized share repurchase program. Looking ahead, management unveiled our new growth pillars of Expand, Evolve, and Transform. These pillars will underpin our organic growth opportunity across our divisions. The Expand pillar includes our plans to drive growth from our existing solutions to new clients and geographies, while Evolve targets our use of AI to implement innovative technology, partnerships, and delivery models. Transform addresses our goal to develop new solutions that advance capabilities beyond our existing portfolio, including through tokenization and Always-On markets with 23/5 trading. Annual Meeting of Shareholders Our Annual Meeting of Shareholders is conducted virtually through a live webcast and online shareholder tools. This structure promotes shareholder attendance and participation, enabling shareholders to participate fully and equally from any location worldwide, free of charge. The virtual format saves the Company and shareholders costs associated with in-person shareholder meetings, and enhances shareholder access, participation, and communication. Given our global footprint, we believe this is the right choice. We have designed our virtual meeting to enhance shareholder participation and protect shareholder rights. Transparent and Informed Governance Practices Shareholder input is regularly shared with our Board, Board Committees, and management. In addition to shareholders feedback, the Nominating Governance Committee considers corporate governance trends and best practices, including the practices of our peers and other large companies, and regularly reviews the voting results of our shareholder meetings. 10 2025 by the Numbers Meaningful Actions BROAD INVESTOR OUTREACH Our continuous engagement and ongoing dialogue with the investment stewardship teams of our institutional investors, as well as our other shareholders, through various forums and 27 formats throughout the year led to enhancements in our corporate governance, corporate strategy, human capital management, sustainability initiatives, and disclosures. Our key investor conferences responsive actions are highlighted below. 430+ Corporate Strategy Our One Nasdaq strategy drove robust growth across all three of our business segments, with Solutions revenue investor meetings (individual and group) increasing 12% co mpared to 2024, and Market Services setting new net revenue records while launching proposals to advance the modernization of markets. DEPTH OF ENGAGEMENT Accelerated our vision to become the trusted fabric of the 330+ world s financial system. We continued product enhancements to our offerings and solutions, including deploying over 150 AI enterprise agents in daily use and enabling over 350 clients to adopt AI agentic workers, and unique institutional investment firms leveraged our infrastructure and connectivity of deploying workloads to the cloud to deliver cloud-based solutions to our customers. Met with shareholders representing 55% Corporate Governance Conducted active year-round planning for director succession and Board refreshment, including a review and of our outstanding shares (as of 12/31/2025) analysis of the skills, attributes, and expertise for future Board nominees. Updated Nasdaq s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws to modernize certain provisions and provide operational flexibility. Continued our in-house director education series for the Board, as well as targeted education on sustainability topics for our Nominating Governance Committee. Shareholder Returns and Capital Deployment Increased our regular quarterly dividend by 13% to $0.27 per share in 2025, consistent with our Board s intent to provide shareholders with regular and increasing dividends as earnings and cash flows increase. We returned more than $600 million to shareholders in 2025 through our dividends. Repaid an aggregate of $826 million of outstanding debt in 2025. We met our previously announced deleveraging goal 16 months early , reflecting our strong efforts to reduce indebtedness following the acquisition of AxiomSL and Calypso. Repurchased more than $600 million of shares of common stock, which includes both opportunistic share repurchases throughout the year and share repurchases to offset dilution from employee stock compensation vesting. In February 2026, our Board approved an increase to o ur share repurchase program authorization to $3.0 billion. Our Board Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR each nominee to serve as a director. The business and affairs of Nasdaq are managed under the direction of our Board. Our directors have diverse backgrounds, attributes, and experiences that provide valuable insights for the Board s oversight of the Company. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws and based on our governance needs, the Board determines the total number of directors. The Board is authorized to have 12 directors following our 2026 Annual Meeting. Each of the 12 nominees identified in this Proxy Statement has been nominated by our Nominating Governance Committee and Board for election to a one-year term expiring at our 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Each elected director will hold office until his or her successor has been elected and qualified or until the director s earlier death, disability, disqualification, removal, or resignation. All nominees have consented to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve on the Board, if elected. In an uncontested election, our directors are elected by a majority of votes cast at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. This election is an uncontested election, and therefore, each of the 12 nominees must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast to be duly elected to the Board. Any shares not voted, including as a result of abstentions or broker non-votes, will not impact the vote. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that, in an uncontested election, an incumbent director must submit an irrevocable resignation as a condition to his or her nomination for election. If an incumbent director fails to receive the requisite number of votes in an uncontested election, the irrevocable resignation becomes effective and such resignation will be considered by the Nominating Governance Committee, which will recommend to the full Board whether or not to accept the resignation. The Board will act on the Nominating Governance Committee s recommendation and disclose publicly its decision-making process with respect to the resignation. Each of the incumbent directors has submitted an irrevocable resignation. Current Board members, from left to right: Essa Kazim, Alfred W. Zollar, Holden Spaht, Charlene T. Begley, Toni Townes-Whitley, Adena T. Friedman, Thomas A. Kloet, Michael R. Splinter, Kathryn A. Koch, Jeffery W. Yabuki, Johan Torgeby, and Melissa M. Arnoldi. 13 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Director Nominees 1 Melissa M. Arnoldi, 53 Director Since: 2017 | Non-Industry; Public EVP and General Manager for Business Solutions, AT T, Inc. Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committee Memberships: Finance Management Compensation Charlene T. Begley, 59 Director Since: 2014 | Non-Industry; Public Retired SVP and CIO, General Electric Company Other Public Company Boards: 2 Committee Memberships: Audit Risk Nominating Governance (Chair) Adena T. Friedman, 56 Director Since: 2017 | Staff Chair and CEO, Nasdaq Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committee Memberships: Finance Essa Kazim, 67 Director Since: 2008 | Non-Industry Governor, Dubai International Financial Centre Other Public Company Boards: 1 Committee Memberships: Finance Thomas A. Kloet, 67 Director Since: 2015 | Non-Industry; Public Retired CEO and Executive Director, TMX Group Limited Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committee Memberships: Audit Risk (Chair) Kathryn A. Koch, 45 Director Since: 2024 | Non-Industry; Public President and CEO, The TCW Group, Inc. Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committee Memberships: Management Compensation Holden Spaht, 51 Director Since: 2023 | Non-Industry; Public Managing Partner, Thoma Bravo Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committee Memberships: Finance Michael R. Splinter, 75 Director Since: 2008 | Non-Industry; Public Retired Chairman and CEO, Applied Materials, Inc. Other Public Company Boards: 3 Committee Memberships: Management Compensation Nominating Governance Johan Torgeby, 51 Director Since: 2022 | Non-Industry President and CEO, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (SEB) Other Public Company Boards: 1 Committee Memberships: Finance (Chair) Toni Townes-Whitley, 62 Director Since: 2021 | Non-Industry; Public Former CEO, Science Applications International Corp. (SAIC) Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committee Memberships: Audit Risk Management Compensation Jeffery W. Yabuki, 66 Director Since: 2023 | Non-Industry; Public Chairman and CEO, InvestCloud Chairman and Founding Partner, Motive Partners Other Public Company Boards: 2 Committee Memberships: Management Compensation (Chair) Nominating Governance Alfred W. Zollar, 71 Director Since: 2019 | Non-Industry; Public Former Executive Partner, Siris Capital Group, LLC Other Public Company Boards: 2 Committee Memberships: Audit Risk Nominating Governance LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 1. To ensure that balanced viewpoints are represented on our Board of Directors, Nasdaq s By-Laws require that all directors be classified as: Industry Directors; Non- Industry Directors, which may be further classified as either Issuer Directors or Public Directors; or Staff Directors. The requirements for each classification are outlined in our By-Laws. 14 Director Identification and Evaluation In evaluating individual Director nominations and renominations, the Nominating Governance Committee considers many factors, including, among other things: the individual s educational and professional background and personal accomplishments; an independent mindset that constructively challenges the status quo and provides a strong view of the future; the ability to devote sufficient time and attention to effectively serve on the Board; the requirements in our By-Laws; diversity of backgrounds, experiences, leadership, and skills; a client experience orientation; a broad understanding of the global economy, capital markets, finance, and other disciplines relevant to the success of a large publicly traded financial technology company, including cybersecurity; and a general understanding of Nasdaq s business and technology. The Nominating Governance Committee evaluates each individual candidate in the context of the Board as a whole, with the objective of maintaining a group of directors that can further the success of our businesses, while representing the interests of shareholders, employees, and the communities in which the Company operates. In determining whether to recommend a Board member for re-election, the Nominating Governance Committee also considers the director s participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board, the results of the most recent Board and Committee assessment, and attendance at meetings. The Board and the Nominating Governance Committee believe all director nominees embody our corporate values and exhibit the characteristics below: a commitment to long-term value creation for our shareholders; an appreciation for shareholder feedback; high regard for personal and professional ethics; a proven record of success; a commitment to the integrity of affiliated self-regulatory organizations; sound business judgment; a strategic vision and leadership experience; knowledge of the financial services and technology industries; sufficient time to devote to Board service; and an appreciation of multiple perspectives. 15 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Board Composition Our director nominees represent a wide range of diverse backgrounds, experiences, leadership, and skills that together embody the knowledge relevant to Nasdaq s strategic long-term vision and global operations. Independence Board Tenure Age Range 92% Independent 60 Average Age 8.4 Average Years 45 Years 75 Years 0-5 Years 11+ Years 6-10 Years Board Diversity Matrix The following matrix includes all directors as of April 24, 2026. For our prior year s matrix, please see our 2025 Proxy Statement. Total Number of Directors 12 Female Male Non- Binary Did not Disclose Gender Part I: Gender Identity Directors 5 7 - - Part II: Demographic Background African American or Black 1 1 - - Alaskan Native or Native American - - - - Asian - 1 - - Hispanic or Latinx - - - - Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander - - - - White 4 5 - - Two or More Races or Ethnicities - - - - LGBTQ+ - - - - Did Not Disclose Demographic Background - - - - 16 Skills and Expertise Matrix The following matrix highlights the mix of key skills and expertise, that among other factors, led the Board and the Nominating Governance Committee to recommend these nominees for election to the Board. The matrix is intended to depict notable areas of focus for each director nominee. The absence of a mark does not mean that a particular director does not possess that qualification or skill. Townes-Whitley Kloet Spaht Koch Splinter Torgeby Yabuki Zollar Arnoldi Begley Kazim Friedman Capital Markets: Deep industry knowledge of the capital markets landscape helps us execute our strategy, expand client relationships, accelerate growth, and deliver strong shareholder returns. Client Experience: Expertise in enhancing and transforming customer service experiences is critical to overseeing our client- first approach. Corporate Governance: Experience on other public company boards provides insight into developing practices consistent with our commitment to corporate governance. Cybersecurity: Experience in understanding the impact of the cybersecurity threat landscape on our business and that of our clients is crucial to an effective risk management program. Financial: A deep understanding of financial and accounting metrics is essential to overseeing our performance. Global Leadership: Experience in a leadership position at a global company provides practical insight into the skills needed to advance the corporate strategy and enhances the ability to recognize those skills in others. Human Capital Management: Experience in organizational management, compensation programs, talent development, and corporate culture helps the board effectively oversee our People strategy. M A: Experience with assessing and executing on new opportunities is crucial for overseeing tactical and strategic M A transactions. Risk Management: Operating in a complex regulatory and risk environment necessitates skillful oversight of the identification, evaluation, and prioritization of risks and the development of comprehensive policies and procedures to effectively mitigate risk and manage compliance. Technology Innovation: Experience in traditional, new, and emerging technologies, including AI and cloud, is core to understanding our business as an innovative technology leader. 17 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Board Refreshment and Nominations The selection of qualified directors is key to ensuring that the Board fulfills its mission. We believe our director nominees individually and collectively possess the right skills, qualifications, experience, and tenure needed for the successful oversight of Nasdaq s strategy and enterprise risks. The Nominating Governance Committee oversees and plans for director succession and refreshment of the Board to promote and support our long-term vision. In doing so, the Committee takes into consideration the corporate strategy and the overall needs, composition, and size of the Board, as well as the criteria adopted by the Board regarding director qualifications. The Nominating Governance Committee considers possible candidates suggested by Board members, shareholders, and senior management. In addition to submitting suggested nominees to the Nominating Governance Committee, a Nasdaq shareholder may nominate a person for election as a director, provided the shareholder follows the procedures specified in Nasdaq s By-Laws. The Nominating Governance Committee reviews all candidates in the same manner, regardless of the source of the recommendation. In addition, the Nominating Governance Committee may engage a third-party search firm from time to time to assist in identifying and evaluating qualified candidates. Director Nominees by Shareholders We are obligated by stockholders agreements with each of Borse Dubai and Investor AB to nominate and generally use best efforts to cause the election to the Nasdaq Board of one individual designated by each such shareholder, as long as such shareholder continues to hold at least 10% of Nasdaq s outstanding shares. For Borse Dubai, the number of outstanding shares used for purposes of this calculation is as of March 19, 2024, the date of the most recent amendment to our stockholders agreement with Borse Dubai. His Excellency Kazim is the individual designated by Borse Dubai as its nominee, and Mr. Torgeby is the individual designated by Investor AB as its nominee. Director Recruitment Process Board composition is regularly analyzed to ensure alignment with strategy. Nominating Governance Committee develops a list of desired skills, expertise, and attributes for the next director nominee, considering the Company s strategic evolution, the results of the annual Board assessment, anticipated director turnover, and other factors. Nominating Governance Committee reviews candidate recommendations from directors, management, and other stakeholders and determines whether to approach potential candidates. Nominating Governance Committee interviews potential candidates, evaluates their fit for the Board, reviews conflicts and independence, and makes recommendations to the Board. Board of Directors has the opportunity to interview recommended candidates and approves nominees. Shareholders vote on nominees at Nasdaq s Annual Meeting. Implementation: Five new directors have been nominated to serve on our Board over the last five years each bringing a fresh perspective, varied background, and unique skill set. 18 Director Biographies The following is additional information about each of the director nominees, including career highlights, director positions held currently or at any time during the last five years, and the specific qualifications, experience, or skills that led the Nominating Governance Committee and our public company Board to determine that the nominee should serve as one of our directors. Each of our nominees was last elected by shareholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Melissa M. Arnoldi EVP and General Manager for Business Solutions, AT T Inc. Age: 53 Director Since: 2017 Independent United States Committee Membership Finance Management Compensation Career Highlights Melissa M. Arnoldi has been the EVP and General Manager for Business Solutions with P L responsibility for AT T s $31 billion Business Solutions portfolio since July 2024. AT T Business serves nearly 2.5 million business customers around the globe across private and government sectors, including nearly all Fortune 1000 companies. In her prior role, from August 2021 to June 2024, Ms. Arnoldi was the Chief Customer Officer for AT T Consumer, leading field technician and contact center teams that supported 180 million annual customer interactions. She was also responsible for Billing Operations, Fraud, and Compliance. From September 2018 to July 2021, she served as the CEO of Vrio Corp., a multibillion-dollar AT T digital entertainment services company in Latin America with more than 9,000 employees across 11 countries during her tenure. Prior to that, Ms. Arnoldi served in various capacities at AT T Inc. since 2008. This included President of Technology Operations where she was responsible for the company s global technology, software development, supply chain, network and cybersecurity operations and chief data office, as well as AT T s Intellectual Property group, Labs and Foundries. Before joining AT T, Ms. Arnoldi was a senior executive at Accenture from 1996 to 2008. Impact on Board Innovative technology leader with experience in cybersecurity, software development, and network operations Broad expertise in providing a superior customer experience Strategic thinker with global business and operational capabilities Select Professional and Community Contributions Director of LevelBlue Former Director of Sky Mexico Former Director of the Girl Scouts of Northeast Texas Former Member of the National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering 19 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Charlene T. Begley Retired SVP and CIO, General Electric Company Age: 59 Director Since: 2014 Independent United States Committee Membership Audit Risk Nominating Governance (Chair) Career Highlights Charlene T. Begley served in various capacities for the General Electric Company, a diversified infrastructure and financial services company, from 1988 to 2013. Ms. Begley served in a dual role as SVP and CIO, as well as President and CEO of GE s Home and Business Solutions, from January 2010 to December 2012. Previously, Ms. Begley served as President and CEO of GE s Enterprise Solutions from 2007 to 2009. At GE, Ms. Begley served as President and CEO of GE Plastics and GE Transportation. She also led GE s corporate audit staff and served as CFO for GE Transportation and GE Plastics Europe and India. I mpact on Board Extensive leadership experience of highly complex and global industrial, consumer, and technology businesses Significant risk management experience as a member of the executive-level Risk Management Committee at GE Broad financial and audit expertise from prior roles at GE and service on the audit committees of several public companies Current Public Company Boards Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.: Audit Committee (Chair), Nominating Corporate Governance Committee SentinelOne, Inc.: Audit Committee (Chair) 20 Adena T. Friedman Chair and CEO, Nasdaq Age: 56 Director Since: 2017 United States Committee Membership Finance Career Highlights Adena T. Friedman has served as CEO since January 1, 2017 and became Chair of the Board on January 1, 2023. Previously, Ms. Friedman served as President and Chief Operating Officer from December 2015 to December 2016 and President from June 2014 to December 2015. Ms. Friedman served as CFO and Managing Director at The Carlyle Group, a global alternative asset manager, from March 2011 to June 2014. Prior to joining Carlyle, Ms. Friedman was a key member of Nasdaq s management team for over a decade including as head of data products, head of corporate strategy, and CFO. I mpact on Board More than 30 years of industry leadership and expertise, including over nine years as Nasdaq s CEO Significant contributions that shaped Nasdaq s strategic transformation to a leading global exchange and technology solutions company with operations on six continents Deep strategy, financial, M A, and product development experience S elect Professional and Community Contributions 1 Member of the Vanderbilt University Board of Trust Director of the Business Roundtable and Chair of the Business Roundtable s Technology Committee Former Director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 1 Intuit Inc. has announced that Ms. Friedman will join its Board of Directors, effective August 1, 2026. 21 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Essa Kazim Governor, Dubai International Financial Centre Age: 67 Director Since: 2008 Independent United Arab Emirates Committee Membership Finance Career Highlights His Excellency Essa Kazim is the Governor of Dubai International Financial Centre, having joined the Centre in January 2014. He is the Chairman of Borse Dubai and DP World, and he was the Chairman of Dubai Financial Market through November 2021. H.E. Kazim began his career as a Senior Analyst in the Research and Statistics Department of the UAE Central Bank in 1988 and then moved to the Dubai Department of Economic Development as Director of Planning and Development in 1993. He was then appointed as Director General of the Dubai Financial Market from 1999 to 2006. Impact on Board Extensive leadership of a complex regulated business in the financial services industry Broad knowledge of international markets with experience in finance, accounting, and corporate strategy Global perspective, as well as a representative of a large shareholder Select Professional and Community Contributions Deputy Chairman of the Supreme Legislation Committee in Dubai Member of the Dubai Securities and Exchange Higher Committee Member of the Dubai Supreme Fiscal Committee Board Member of the Dubai Free Zones Council Current Public Company Boards Emirates Telecommunications Group Company PJSC (Vice Chairman): Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk Committee 22 Thomas A. Kloet Retired CEO and Executive Director, TMX Group Limited Age: 67 Director Since: 2015 Independent United States Committee Membership Audit Risk (Chair) Career Highlights Thomas A. Kloet was the first CEO and Executive Director of TMX Group Limited, the holding company of the Toronto Stock Exchange, TSX Venture Exchange, Montreal Exchange, Canadian Depository for Securities, Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation, and BOX Options Exchange, from 2008 to 2014. Previously, he served as CEO of the Singapore Exchange and as a senior executive at Fimat USA (a unit of Soci t G n rale), ABN AMRO, and Credit Agricole Futures, Inc. He also served on the boards of CME and various other exchanges worldwide. Mr. Kloet is a CPA and a member of the AICPA. Impact on Board Leadership of complex regulated businesses in the financial services industry Broad knowledge of international markets with experience in finance, accounting, and corporate strategy Significant experience in risk management, as well as clearinghouse, central depository, and broker- dealer operations at executive and board levels in North America and Asia Select Professional and Community Contributions Chair of the Boards of Nasdaq s U.S. exchange subsidiaries Chair of the Board of Northern Funds and Northern Institutional Funds Member of the FIA Hall of Fame 23 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Kathryn A. Koch President and CEO, The TCW Group, Inc. Age: 45 Director Since: 2024 Independent United States Committee Membership Management Compensation Career Highlights Kathryn A. Koch has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of The TCW Group, Inc., a leading global asset management firm, since February 2023. In her role, she is responsible for the strategic direction and overall day-to- day management of TCW. Ms. Koch also serves as a member of TCW s Board of Directors. Prior to joining TCW, Ms. Koch spent 20 years with Goldman Sachs in the Asset Management Division, where she was a Partner and a member of the Asset Management Division s Executive Committee. From January 2022 through February 2023, Ms. Koch served as Chief Investment Officer of the $300 billion Public Equity business, and from 2017 through January 2022, she was Co-Head of the Fundamental Equity business. Previously, she was based in London for 10 years where she held several leadership roles including Head of the Multi-Asset Solutions business internationally. Impact on Board Leadership experience of a global asset management firm and extensive background with investment management, strategy, managing a P L, client relationships, and human capital management Deep public shareholder context and perspective given her prior role leading a $300 billion public equity business Sustainability expertise through her prior oversight of the Stewardship and Engagement efforts for Goldman Sachs Asset Management across $2 trillion; also, as CEO of TCW, she has ultimate accountability for sustainability efforts Select Professional and Community Contributions Member of the University of Notre Dame s Board of Trustees Member of the Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute Director of The Toigo Foundation Member of the Spence School s Board of Trustees Member of the Transaction Advisory Services Advisory Board for TIFF Investment Management 24 Holden Spaht Managing Partner, Thoma Bravo Age: 51 Director Since: 2023 Independent United States Committee Membership Finance Career Highlights Holden Spaht has served as a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo, one of the largest software-focused investors in the world, since November 2013. Mr. Spaht is responsible for leading the firm s application software strategy, with a specific focus on the financial technology, e-commerce, education, and office of the CFO spaces, among other sectors. He also serves on the investment committees for all Thoma Bravo funds and on the boards of directors of several software and technology service companies in which certain investment funds advised by Thoma Bravo hold an investment. He joined Thoma Bravo in 2005 and has played a key role in the firm s growth and success in software private equity. He began his career as an Analyst at Morgan Stanley in New York and subsequently held Analyst and Associate roles at Thomas H. Lee Partners in Boston and Morgan Stanley in London and San Francisco. Impact on Board Vast business and director experience at technology and software companies Specific knowledge about Nasdaq s AxiomSL and Calypso businesses through Thoma Bravo s prior ownership of those businesses Perspective of a private equity investor in the fintech industry Select Professional and Community Contributions President and Chair of the Spaht Family Foundation Vice President and Chair of The Lindley Foundation Former Board Chair of the Schools of the Sacred Heart San Francisco Other Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years Instructure Holdings, Inc. 25 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Michael R. Splinter Lead Independent Director, Nasdaq Retired Chairman and CEO, Applied Materials, Inc. Age: 75 Director Since: 2008 Independent United States Committee Membership Management Compensation Nominating Governance Career Highlights Michael R. Splinter was elected Lead Independent Director effective January 1, 2023. Mr. Splinter served as Chairman of Nasdaq s Board from May 2017 to December 2022. He is a business and technology consultant and the co-founder of WISC Partners, a regional technology venture fund. He served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Applied Materials, a leading supplier of semiconductor equipment, from 2009 until he retired in June 2015. At Applied Materials, he was CEO from 2003 to 2013. An engineer and technologist, Mr. Splinter is a 40-year veteran of the semiconductor industry. Prior to joining Applied Materials, Mr. Splinter was an executive at Intel Corporation. Impact on Board Leadership of a complex global technology business Extensive background in international public company governance at a Nasdaq-listed company Management development, compensation, and succession planning experience Select Professional and Community Contributions Member of the National Academy of Engineers Splinter Scholarships for Diversity in Engineering at University of Wisconsin Former Chair of the Board of Trustees for Natcast, the non-profit designated to operate the National Semiconductor Technology Center Current Public Company Boards Kioxia Holdings Corporation: Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited: Audit and Risk Committee, Compensation and People Development Committee (Chair) Tigo Energy, Inc.: Compensation Committee (Chair), Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years Gogoro Inc. 26 Johan Torgeby President and CEO, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (SEB) Age: 51 Director Since: 2022 Independent Sweden Committee Membership Finance (Chair) Career Highlights Since 2017, Johan Torgeby has served as the President and CEO of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (SEB), a Nordic financial services group. He leads a team of approximately 19,000 employees who serve more than 3,100 large corporate and institutional customers, 400,000 small and medium-sized enterprises, and four million private individuals. Prior to his present position, Mr. Torgeby was Co-Head of Large Corporates Financial Institutions and a member of the Group Executive Committee at SEB since 2014. He has held numerous positions within the Corporate Investment Banking division at SEB. He joined SEB in 2009 from Morgan Stanley Co. Impact on Board Leadership of a prominent Nordic financial services group, with experience in fintech, anti-financial crime, and risk management Extensive background in capital markets at a Nasdaq-listed company European perspective, as well as a representative of a large shareholder Select Professional and Community Contributions Chairman of Finance Sweden Director of the Institute of International Finance Director of Mentor Sweden Chairman of Institut International d tudes Bancaires (IIEB) Director of European Business Leaders Convention Director of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Services (IVA) Current Public Company Boards Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 27 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Toni Townes-Whitley Former CEO, Science Applications International Corp. (SAIC) Age: 62 Director Since: 2021 Independent United States Committee Membership Audit Risk Management Compensation Career Highlights Toni Townes-Whitley served as CEO of SAIC, a government technology firm, from October 2023 to October 2025. Ms. Townes-Whitley previously was President of U.S. Regulated Industries at Microsoft from July 2018 to September 2021, where she led the company s U.S. sales strategy for driving digital transformation across customers and partners within the public sector and commercial regulated industries. Prior to this, Ms. Townes-Whitley was Corporate VP for Global Industry at Microsoft, a role she held since 2015. Before starting with Microsoft, Ms. Townes-Whitley worked for CGI Corporation, an information technology and business consulting services firm, from 2010 to 2015. During her tenure at CGI, Ms. Townes-Whitley held the positions of President and Chief Operating Officer from 2012 to 2015 and SVP, Civilian Agency Programs from 2010 to 2012. From 2002 to 2010, Ms. Townes-Whitley held various senior leadership positions at Unisys Corporation, a global information technology company that provides a portfolio of information technology services, software, and technology. Impact on Board Extensive background in the technology industry and with driving digital transformations Led a company of approximately 24,000 employees, resulting in significant knowledge of human capital management topics Sustainability expertise, including by representing Microsoft on the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, participating in the establishment of Microsoft s framework and plan for social equity, and leading Microsoft s Artificial Intelligence Ethics Program Select Professional and Community Contributions Director of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund Director, Catalyst Organization Advisory Board Member for the Princeton University Faith Work Initiative Former Trustee of Johns Hopkins Medicine Other Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years Empowerment Inclusion Capital I Corp. Marathon Petroleum Corporation SAIC The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 28 Jeffery W. Yabuki Chairman and CEO, InvestCloud Chairman and Founding Partner, Motive Partners Age: 66 Director Since: 2023 Independent United States Committee Membership Management Compensation (Chair) Nominating Governance Career Highlights Jeffery W. Yabuki has served since January 2024 as Chairman and CEO of InvestCloud, a global provider of wealth and asset management solutions, as well as since September 2021 as Chairman and Founding Partner of Motive Partners, a next-generation investment firm focused on technology-enabled companies that power the financial services industry. He previously served as the CEO of Fiserv, Inc., a global leader in financial services and payments technology, from December 2005 to December 2020. From 2005 to June 2019, Mr. Yabuki served as a member of the Board of Directors of Fiserv and from July 2019 to June 2020 as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Before joining Fiserv, Mr. Yabuki served as EVP and Chief Operating Officer for H R Block, Inc., a financial services firm, from 2002 to 2005. From 2001 to 2002, he served as EVP of H R Block and from 1999 to 2001, he served as the President of H R Block International. From 1987 to 1999, Mr. Yabuki held various executive positions with American Express Company, a financial services firm, including President and CEO of American Express Tax and Business Services, Inc. Impact on Board Significant leadership experience of a highly complex global financial services company Broad knowledge of fintech, payments, anti-financial crime, and corporate strategy Extensive service on the boards of several large public companies Select Professional and Community Contributions Founder of The Yabuki Family Foundation Past Chair of the Milwaukee Art Museum Board of Trustees Trustee at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art Director of Project Healthy Minds Trustee of the United States-Japan Foundation Sheldon B. Lubar Executive in Residence at the Lubar College of Business at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Current Public Company Boards Royal Bank of Canada: Human Resources Committee, Risk Committee Sportradar Group AG (Board Chair) Other Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years SentinelOne, Inc. 29 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Alfred W. Zollar Former Executive Partner, Siris Capital Group, LLC Age: 71 Director Since: 2019 Independent United States Committee Membership Audit Risk Nominating Governance Career Highlights Alfred W. Zollar was an Executive Advisor with Siris Capital Group, LLC from March 2021 to November 2024. Previously, he was an Executive Partner since February 2014. Mr. Zollar retired from International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) in January 2011 following a 34-year career. Mr. Zollar was formerly general manager of IBM Tivoli Software from July 2004 until January 2011, where he was responsible for the executive leadership, strategy, and P L of Tivoli Software. Previously, Mr. Zollar was general manager, IBM iSeries, where he was responsible for the executive leadership, strategy, and P L of the iSeries (formerly AS/400) server product line. Prior to that, he held senior management positions in each of IBM s diverse software businesses, including general manager of IBM Lotus Software. Impact on Board Career technologist with skills in product development, customer satisfaction, and strategy Broad leadership experience, including senior management positions in every IBM software group division Extensive service on the boards of several large public companies Select Professional and Community Contributions Director of EL Education Director of the Eagle Academy Foundation Trustee of the UC San Diego Foundation Lifetime Member of the National Society of Black Engineers Member of the Executive Leadership Council Current Public Company Boards IBM: Directors and Corporate Governance Committee BNY: Finance Committee, Risk Committee, Technology Committee Other Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated 30 Board Committees Our Board has four standing Committees: Audit Risk, Finance, Management Compensation, and Nominating Governance. Each of these Committees, other than the Finance Committee, consists exclusively of independent directors. The Chair of each Committee reports to the Board on the topics discussed and actions taken at each meeting. Each of these Committees operates under a written charter that includes the Committee s duties and responsibilities. A description of each standing Committee is included on the following pages. In addition, our Board has an ad hoc Executive Committee that can be convened in exigent circumstances. The Executive Committee consists of the Board Chair, the Lead Independent Director, and the Chairs of each of the four standing Committees. The Executive Committee did not meet in 2025. Audit Risk Committee Key Objectives: Oversees Nasdaq s financial reporting process and reviews the financial statements and disclosures in the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and quarterly earnings releases. Appoints, retains, approves the compensation of, and oversees the independent registered public accounting firm. Reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of Nasdaq s internal control framework and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance program. Reviews and approves or ratifies all related person transactions, as further described below under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. Reviews and discusses with management Nasdaq s Ethics Compliance Program, including the SpeakUp! Program (which includes the confidential whistleblower process). Reviews and discusses with management the Company s Enterprise Risk Framework, including risk governance structure, risk assessment, and risk management practices and guidelines. Reviews and discusses with management the adequacy and effectiveness of Nasdaq s privacy and technology controls, including the Company s Information Security and AI Governance programs, and approves the Information Security Charter and Information Security Policy. Oversees the Internal Audit function, including approval of the annual Internal Audit Plan, review of the function s effectiveness according to industry standards, and discussion of the adequacy of budget and staffing. Reviews the appointment, replacement, removal, and remuneration of the Chief Audit Executive. Reviews and recommends to the Board for approval the Company s regular dividend payments. Reviews and discusses with management the Company s crisis preparedness regarding varied scenarios including geopolitical matters and cybersecurity incidents. 2025 Highlights: Discussed information security topics, including the cybersecurity threat landscape and cybersecurity considerations in connection with Nasdaq s AI strategy and implementation and the Adenza integration. Participated in an external event crisis management tabletop exercise. Reviewed risks and mitigations relating to both AI in-the-product and AI on-the- business. Thomas A. Kloet (Chair) Charlene T. Begley Toni Townes-Whitley Alfred W. Zollar 8 Meetings 31 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Discussed operational resiliency, particularly relating to cloud-based products and services. Oversaw the hiring of the new Chief Risk Officer in early 2026. Received briefings on: a proposed Operational Excellence Program for the European Market Services business; potential tax law changes; regulatory and enforcement trends and their potential impact on Nasdaq; Nasdaq s anti- financial crime compliance program; litigation matters; Nasdaq s corporate insurance program; Nasdaq s executive security program; critical audit matters; and the annual review of impairment testing. Conducted the annual review of the independent auditor relationship and recommended the retention of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent auditor. Received regular updates on the progress and status of the 2025 Internal Audit Plan and reviewed and approved the Internal Audit Plan for 2026. Approved Nasdaq s policy on the use of non-GAAP measures and reviewed non-GAAP disclosures. Received updates on third party risk management. Risk Oversight Role: Receives regular updates on risk matters from Group Risk Management and other functions within Nasdaq. Approves Nasdaq s Risk Appetite Statement and recommends to the Board for approval the Company s ERM Policy. Receives periodic reports on risk tolerances that measure management s compliance with the risk appetite. Reviews and discusses with management internal control and risk management frameworks designed to manage current organizational risks, including information security and emerging risks. Independence : Each member of the Audit Risk Committee is independent as defined in Rule 10A-3, adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and in accordance with the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. The Board determined that Mr. Kloet and Ms. Begley are audit committee financial experts within the meaning of SEC regulations and each also meets the financial sophistication standard of The Nasdaq Stock Market. In addition to serving as the Chair of the Audit Risk Committee, Mr. Kloet also serves as the Chair of the Boards of our U.S. exchange subsidiaries and their Regulatory Oversight Committees. We believe this enhances the Audit Risk Committee s oversight of our U.S. exchanges. 32 Finance Committee Key Objectives: Reviews and recommends the capital plan of the Company, including repurchasing shares of the Company s common stock, debt repayment, and proposed dividends, for approval by the Board. Reviews and recommends significant mergers, acquisitions, and business divestitures for approval by the Board. Reviews and recommends significant capital market transactions and other financing arrangements for approval by the Board. Reviews and recommends, for approval by the Board, significant capital expenditures, lease commitments, and asset disposals, excluding those included in the approved annual budget. 2025 Highlights: Conducted a comprehensive review of Nasdaq s capital plan for Board approval. Reviewed repurchases of outstanding indebtedness to further Nasdaq s deleveraging goals. Recommended to the Board a 13% increase in Nasdaq s quarterly dividend payment from $0.24 to $0.27 per share. Reviewed the impact of tax law changes and energy tax credit transactions. Received a briefing on Nasdaq's foreign exchange risk management program. Received regular reports on the M A environment and potential strategic transactions. Received an update on Nasdaq s minority investment activities through the Nasdaq Ventures portfolio. Received updates on Nasdaq s investor relations program, including shareholder engagement efforts. Risk Oversight Role: Monitors operational and strategic risks related to Nasdaq s financial affairs, including capital structure and liquidity risks. Johan Torgeby (Chair) Melissa M. Arnoldi Adena T. Friedman Essa Kazim Holden Spaht 4 Meetings 33 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Management Compensation Committee Key Objectives: Establishes and annually reviews the executive compensation philosophy and strategy. Reviews and approves the executive compensation and benefit programs applicable to Nasdaq s executive officers, including the base salary, incentive compensation, and equity awards. Any executive compensation program changes solely applicable to the Chair and CEO are submitted to the Board for final approval. Reviews and approves the performance goals for executive officers. For the Chair and CEO, these items are referred to the Board for final approval. Reviews and approves the target total compensation (base salary plus target bonus plus face value of long-term incentive opportunities) for non-executive officer new hires with target total compensation in excess of $3,000,000 and equity awards to non-executive officers valued in excess of $2,000,000. Evaluates the performance of the Chair and CEO, together with the Nominating Governance Committee. Reviews the succession and development plans for executive officers and other key talent. Establishes, and oversees compliance with, the mandatory stock ownership guidelines. Reviews the results of any shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation and any other feedback on executive compensation that may be garnered through the Company s ongoing shareholder engagement. 2025 Highlights: Reviewed and approved the employment agreements with Adena T. Friedman, Tal Cohen, and Bradley J. Peterson that were implemented in March 2025. Reviewed Nasdaq s evolving total rewards program, including with respect to compensation program design and at-risk percentage profile, in connection with Nasdaq s ongoing transformation. Considered the effectiveness of the annual and long-term incentive plans to continue to support Nasdaq s strategy and compensation structure. Reviewed the succession and development plans for all direct reports to the Chair and CEO and their direct reports. Received briefings on executive compensation trends and developments, including proxy advisory firm policies and reports on Nasdaq, pay trends, human capital trends, and regulatory developments. Risk Oversight Role: Evaluates the effect the compensation structure may have on risk-related decisions. Independence: Each member of the Management Compensation Committee is independent and meets the additional eligibility requirements set forth in the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. Jeffery W. Yabuki (Chair) Melissa M. Arnoldi Kathryn A. Koch Michael R. Splinter Toni Townes-Whitley 6 Meetings 34 Nominating Governance Committee Key Objectives: Determines the skills and qualifications necessary for the Board, develops criteria for selecting potential directors, and manages the Board refreshment process. Identifies, reviews, evaluates, and nominates candidates for annual elections to the Board. Leads the annual assessment of effectiveness of the Board, Committees, and individual directors. Together with the Management Compensation Committee, leads the annual performance assessment of the Chair and CEO. Identifies and considers emerging corporate governance issues and trends. Reviews feedback from engagement sessions with investors and determines follow-up actions and plans. Reviews and recommends the Board and Committee membership and leadership structure. Reviews and recommends to the Nasdaq Board for election by the Board, candidates for election as officers of Nasdaq that qualify as Section 16 officers and as principal officers, as that term is defined in the Nasdaq By-Laws. Oversees sustainability issues as they pertain to the Company s business and long- term strategy, and identifies and brings to the attention of the Board current and emerging trends and issues that may affect the business operations, performance, and public image of Nasdaq. Reviews and approves disclosures included in the Company s annual report regarding the Company s sustainability initiatives and metrics. 2025 Highlights: Focused on Nasdaq s ongoing Board refreshment and considered the desired skills and expertise from the next director nominee, as well as the timing of that addition. Reviewed and approved the refresh of Nasdaq's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws to align with best practices. Considered shareholder feedback from engagement sessions, the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and publicly available sources. Discussed regulatory and enforcement trends and the potential impact on Nasdaq. Reviewed feedback from the annual Board Assessment and recommended an action plan to address the feedback. Received briefings on sustainability topics, such as Nasdaq s science-based targets, governance trends, and Nasdaq s Purpose Program. Risk Oversight Role: Oversees risks related to the Company s sustainability issues, trends, and policies. Monitors the independence of the Board. Independence: Each member of the Nominating Governance Committee is independent, as required by the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. Charlene T. Begley (Chair) Michael R. Splinter Jeffery W. Yabuki Alfred W. Zollar 6 Meetings 35 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Director Compensation Our Board compensation policy establishes the compensation of our non-employee directors. Every two years, the Management Compensation Committee reviews the director compensation policy, considers a competitive market analysis of director compensation data, and recommends changes, if any, to the policy to the Board for approval. The director compensation policy most recently was amended in June 2025 to increase the annual retainer for Board Members, as well as each Committee Chair and Committee Member fee, by $5,000. The other compensatory amounts set forth in the Board compensation policy were not changed pursuant to the June 2025 plan amendment. The following table reflects the compensation elements for non-employee directors for the current compensation year, which began immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and ends with the 2026 Annual Meeting. Our CEO, Ms. Friedman, does not receive any compensation for serving as Chair or as a director. Compensation Policy for Non-Employee Directors Item June 2025 - June 2026 Annual Retainer for Board Members $90,000 Additional Annual Retainer for Lead Independent Director $75,000 Annual Equity Award for All Board Members (Grant Date Market Value) $260,000 Annual Audit Risk Committee Chair Compensation $45,000 Annual Management Compensation Committee Chair Compensation $35,000 Annual Finance and Nominating Governance Committee Chair Compensation $25,000 Annual Audit Risk Committee Member Compensation $25,000 Annual Management Compensation and Nominating Governance Committee Member Compensation $15,000 Annual Finance Committee Member Compensation $10,000 Each non-employee director may elect to receive the annual retainer in cash (payable in equal semi-annual installments) or equity. Each non-employee director also may elect to receive Committee Chair and/or Committee member fees in cash (payable in equal semi-annual installments) or equity. The annual equity award and any equity elected as part of the annual retainer or for Committee Chair and/ or Committee member fees are awarded on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders immediately following election and appointment to the Board. All equity paid to Board members consists of RSUs that vest in full one year from the grant date. The number of RSUs to be awarded is calculated based on the closing market price of our common stock on the date of the Annual Meeting. Directors appointed to the Board after the Annual Meeting receive a pro- rata equity award. Unvested equity is forfeited in certain circumstances upon termination of the director s service on the Board. Directors are reimbursed for business expenses and reasonable travel expenses for attending Board and Committee meetings. Non-employee directors do not receive our retirement, health, or life insurance benefits. We provide each non-employee director with director liability insurance coverage, as well as business accident travel insurance for, and only when, traveling on behalf of Nasdaq. 36 Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Under our stock ownership guidelines, our non-employee directors must maintain a minimum ownership level of two times the annual equity award. Shares owned outright, through shared ownership, and in the form of vested and unvested restricted stock are considered in determining compliance with these stock ownership guidelines. Exceptions to this policy may be necessary or appropriate in individual situations, and the Chair of the Board may occasionally approve such exceptions. New directors must obtain the minimum ownership level four years after their initial election to the Board. All the directors who were required to comply with the guidelines on December 31, 2025 were in compliance at such time. Director Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation paid by Nasdaq to our non-employee directors for services rendered during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025 . Name 1 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) 2 Stock Awards ($) 3,4,5 All Other Compensation ($) 6 Total ($) Melissa M. Arnoldi $42,500 $370,964 $ $413,464 Charlene T. Begley $132,500 $257,244 $ $389,744 Essa Kazim $356,105 $ $356,105 Thomas A. Kloet $390,719 $165,000 $555,719 Kathryn A. Koch $92,500 $272,018 $ $364,518 Holden Spaht 7 $95,000 $257,244 $ $352,244 Michael R. Splinter $450,156 $ $450,156 Johan Torgeby $110,000 $257,244 $ $367,244 Toni Townes-Whitley $122,500 $257,244 $ $379,744 Jeffery W. Yabuki $395,701 $ $395,701 Alfred W. Zollar $385,738 $ $385,738 1. Adena T. Friedman is not included in this table as she is an employee of Nasdaq and thus received no compensation for her service as a director. For information on the compensation received by Ms. Friedman as an employee of the Company, see Executive Compensation. 2. The differences in fees earned or paid in cash reported in this column primarily reflect differences in each individual director s election to receive the annual retainer and Committee service fees in cash or RSUs. These elections are made at the beginning of the Board compensation year and apply throughout the year. In addition, the difference in fees earned or paid also reflects individual Committee service. 3. The amounts reported in this column reflect the grant date fair value of the stock awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 11 to the Company s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 included in our Form 10-K. The differences in the amounts reported among non-employee directors primarily reflect differences in each individual director s election to receive the annual retainer and Committee service fees in cash or RSUs. 4. These stock awards, which were awarded on June 11, 2025 to all the non-employee directors elected to the Board on that date, represent the annual equity award and any portion of annual retainer or Committee service fees that the director elected to receive in equity. Each non- employee director received the annual equity award, which consisted of 2,995 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $257,244 . Mr. Splinter elected to receive his Lead Independent Director retainer payment in equity so he received an additional 1,901 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $163,279. Directors Arnoldi, Kazim, Kloet, Yabuki and Zollar elected to receive all of their annual retainer payments in equity, so they each received an additional 1,036 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $88,983. In addition, individual directors received the following amounts in equity, in lieu of cash, as payment for Committee service fees: Ms. Arnoldi (288 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $24,737); H.E. Kazim (115 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $9,878); Mr. Kloet (518 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $44,492); Ms. Koch (172 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $14,774; Mr. Splinter (345 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $29,633); Mr. Yabuki (576 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $49,474); and Mr. Zollar (460 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $39,511). 5. The aggregate numbers of unvested RSUs and vested shares under the Equity Plan beneficially owned by each non-employee director as of December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table. All unvested RSUs will vest on June 11, 2026. This table reflects shares acquired by the non-employee directors under the Equity Plan. For further information on each director s Nasdaq holdings, please see Other Items - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 37 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Director Number of Unvested RSUs Number of Vested Shares Melissa M. Arnoldi 4,319 46,872 Charlene T. Begley 2,995 43,006 Essa Kazim 4,146 139,242 Thomas A. Kloet 4,549 90,165 Kathryn A. Koch 3,167 4,405 Holden Spaht 2,995 7,406 Michael R. Splinter 5,241 222,726 Johan Torgeby 2,995 11,802 Toni Townes-Whitley 2,995 17,476 Jeffery W. Yabuki 4,607 13,740 Alfred W. Zollar 4,491 46,751 6. The amount in this column represents fees paid to Mr. Kloet for his service as Chair of the Boards of our U.S. exchange subsidiaries and their Regulatory Oversight Committees. Fees earned for Board and Committee service to our exchange subsidiaries are paid only in cash. Mr. Kloet directed all of the cash fees to a 501(c)(3) charity for this reporting year. 7. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash to Mr. Spaht were paid to Thoma Bravo Advisors, L.P . Governance 39 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Governance Highlights We are committed to strong corporate governance, which is a critical factor to help promote the long-term interests of our shareholders, strengthen our Board and management accountability, and build trust in the Company. Our governance highlights are summarized below, followed by more in-depth descriptions of the key aspects of our governance structure. The Board believes that its governance practices provide a structure that allows it to set objectives and monitor performance, ensure the efficient use of corporate resources, and enhance shareholder value. Board Composition and Processes Continuous Board refreshment emphasizing diverse thought and experience 11 of 12 director nominees are independent Lead Independent Director with robust duties and oversight responsibilities Independent Audit Risk, Management Compensation, and Nominating Governance Committees Opportunity for Executive Session (without management present) at every Board and Committee meeting Annual evaluations of the Board and each Committee, along with individual director assessments Rigorous stock ownership guidelines, including at least 2x the annual equity award for each director No director may serve on more than four public company boards (in addition to the Nasdaq Board), without specific approval from the Audit Risk Committee and Nominating Governance Committee Ongoing review of strategic planning and capital allocation for long-term value creation for shareholders Comprehensive risk oversight by the full Board under Audit Risk Committee leadership Commitment to continuous learning and director education Board oversight of human capital management, including culture and values Independent Internal Audit Department under the leadership of a Chief Audit Executive who reports directly to the Audit Risk Committee Shareholder Rights Robust, year-round shareholder engagement program 15% threshold for shareholders to call a special meeting Proxy access allowing holders of 3% of our stock for three years to include up to two nominees (or nominees representing 25% of the Board) in our proxy Annual election of directors, with majority voting in uncontested elections No poison pill Annual advisory vote on executive compensation Shareholder communication process for communicating with our Board 40 Corporate Governance Framework Our governance framework focuses on the interests of our shareholders. It is designed to promote governance transparency and ensure our Board has the necessary tools to review and evaluate our business operations and make decisions that are independent of management and in the best interests of our shareholders. Our goal is to align the interests of shareholders, directors, and management while complying with, or exceeding, the requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market and applicable law. This governance framework establishes the practices our Board follows with respect to oversight of: our corporate strategy for long-term value creation; capital allocation; risk management, including risks relating to information security and the protection of our market systems; our human capital management program, corporate culture initiatives, and Ethics Compliance Program; our corporate governance structures, principles, and practices; Board refreshment and executive succession planning; executive compensation; and compliance with local regulations and laws across our business lines and geographic regions . Key Corporate Governance Documents Nasdaq s commitment to governance transparency is foundational to our business. This commitment is reflected in our governance documents listed below, which are all available online at ir.nasdaq.com . Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation By-Laws Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors Committee Charters Corporate Governance Guidelines Procedures for Communicating with the Board of Directors 41 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Board Leadership Structure Nasdaq s governance framework provides the Board with the flexibility to select the appropriate leadership structure for the Board. In making determinations regarding the leadership structure, the Board considers the facts and circumstances at the time, including the specific needs of the business and a structure in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. The Board is led by a Chair, who is elected annually by the Board. The general duty of the Chair is to provide leadership on the Board, including setting Board and corporate culture, building consensus around Nasdaq s strategy, and providing direction as to how the Board operates. The current leadership structure is comprised of a combined Chair and CEO, a Lead Independent Director, Board Committees led by independent directors, and active engagement by all directors. Eleven of 12 of our directors will be independent, assuming that all of the director nominees are elected at the 2026 Annual Meeting. The independent members of the Board have unanimously elected our CEO, Adena T. Friedman, as the Chair of the Board, and elected Michael R. Splinter, the former Chair, as Lead Independent Director. The Board believes that having Ms. Friedman as the Chair and CEO allows the Company to convey our short- term and long-term strategy with a single voice to our shareholders, customers, regulators, and other stakeholders. Ms. Friedman s leadership, deep understanding of our business gained by more than 30 years in the finance industry, knowledge of our operations, and broad role in the international financial ecosystem were all contributing factors to the Board s decision to unify the Chair and CEO roles. The Board recognizes that when the positions of Chair and CEO are combined, or when the Chair is not an independent director, it is imperative that the Board elect a strong Lead Independent Director with a clearly defined role and robust set of responsibilities. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide substantial duties for the Lead Independent Director, which are based on best practices. These duties are outlined in the following section. Mr. Splinter has complex, global technology business leadership experience, public company governance expertise, and an extensive background in management development, compensation, and succession planning that the Board believes amplifies his role as Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director is elected annually by the independent directors of the Board for a one-year term of service. Our Board believes that our current structure, led by Ms. Friedman and Mr. Splinter, allows the Board to focus on significant strategic, governance, and operational issues; provides critical and effective leadership; and fosters a Board environment in which our independent directors can work together, provide oversight of our performance, and hold our management and senior leadership accountable, all of which we believe will benefit the long-term interests of our shareholders. Current Leadership Structure Adena T. Friedman Combined Chair and CEO Michael R. Splinter Independent Lead Independent Director Independent Committee Chairs Jeffery W. Yabuki Management Compensation Thomas A. Kloet Audit Risk Johan Torgeby Finance Charlene T. Begley Nominating Governance 42 Duties and Responsibilities The duties and responsibilities of the Chair, CEO, and Lead Independent Director include, but are not limited to, the items described below. Chair Presides at all meetings of the Board and shareholders Together with the Lead Independent Director, reviews and approves the meeting agendas and schedules to assure content and sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items Facilitates and encourages communication between management and the Board CEO Supervises the business and affairs of the Company under the oversight of the Board Develops and executes our strategy against our short- and long-term objectives Builds and oversees the Management Committee Adena T. Friedman Lead Independent Director Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chair is not present Presides during Executive Sessions of the Board Calls meetings of the independent directors or the Board, as appropriate Facilitates discussion and open dialogue among the independent directors during Board meetings, Executive Sessions, and outside of Board meetings Briefs the Chair and CEO on issues discussed during Executive Sessions Serves as a liaison among the Chair and CEO and the other directors Together with the Chair and CEO, approves Board meeting agendas and schedules to assure content and sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items Authorizes the retention of advisors and consultants who report directly to the Board, when appropriate (Board Committees retain their own authority to engage advisors and consultants) Reviews and reports on the results of the Board and Committee assessments Discusses Board and Committee performance, effectiveness, and composition (including feedback from individual directors) with the Chair and CEO and meets individually with independent directors as needed Is available for consultation and direct communication with major investors and other stakeholders upon request Oversees the annual Board assessment process, including conducting one-on- one interviews with each independent director Michael R. Splinter 43 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Board Independence Nasdaq s common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market, Nasdaq Texas, and Nasdaq Dubai. The listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market and Nasdaq Texas require a majority of our directors to be independent, while the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority require that at least one third of the Board should comprise non-executive directors, of which at least two non-executive directors should be independent. In order to qualify as independent under the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market and Nasdaq Texas, a director must satisfy a two-part test. First, the director must not fall into any of several categories that would automatically disqualify the director from being deemed independent. Second, no director qualifies as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no direct or indirect relationship with the Company that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Under the Nasdaq Dubai listing rules and the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority, a director is considered independent if the Board determines the director to be independent in character and judgment and to have no commercial or other relationships or circumstances that are likely to affect, or could appear to impair, the director s judgment in a manner other than in the best interests of the Company. Nasdaq conducts an annual review of the independence of our directors, and the Board has determined that 11 out of 12 of our current directors are independent as defined by the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Nasdaq Texas, and Nasdaq Dubai, as described above. As Nasdaq s CEO, Ms. Friedman is deemed not independent. None of the directors are party to any arrangement with any person or entity other than the Company relating to compensation or other payments in connection with the director s or nominee s candidacy or service as a director, other than arrangements that existed prior to the director s or nominee s candidacy. The Board believes that a key element to effective, independent oversight is that the independent directors meet in Executive Session regularly without Company management present. As such, at each Board meeting, independent directors have the opportunity to meet in Executive Session. The Lead Independent Director of the Board is responsible for chairing the Executive Sessions of the Board and reporting to the Chair and CEO and Corporate Secretary on any actions taken during Executive Sessions. In 2025, the Board met nine times in Executive Session. Additionally, the Board and each Committee have the authority and budget to retain independent advisors, if needed. Committee Independence and Expertise All Board Committees, except for the Finance Committee, are comprised exclusively of independent directors, as required by the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. At each Committee meeting, members of each Board Committee can meet in Executive Session. Each member of the Audit Risk Committee is independent as defined in Exchange Act Rule 10A-3 and in the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. Two members of the Audit Risk Committee are audit committee financial experts within the meaning of SEC regulations and meet the financial sophistication standard of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 44 Director Onboarding Nasdaq maintains a comprehensive director orientation program that familiarizes new directors with our businesses, strategies, policies, and people. The program is tailored for each director s background, previous experience, and Board role and consists of two main components: (i) written materials detailing information about Nasdaq, such as Nasdaq s governance documents and most recent public disclosures, and (ii) a series of meetings with Nasdaq s business divisions and expert teams, providing the opportunity to directly engage with our Management Committee. Newly elected directors are also matched with a longer-tenured director who can be a resource for Board-related questions. We provide further orientation to directors when they are rotating onto a new Committee. The director orientation program is periodically reviewed by the Nominating Governance Committee, and updated, as needed, based on Director feedback. Director Education Continuing education is essential for the Board to be a strategic asset to the Company, and our directors education needs evolve as the Board agendas evolve. We consider annual Board assessments, strategy discussions, skills and expertise evaluations, Committee rotation, succession planning efforts, and director feedback to design our director education program. Our directors are encouraged to participate in, and are reimbursed for, continuing education programs at external organizations and universities to enhance the skills and knowledge used to perform their duties on the Board and relevant Committees. Attendance at these programs provides directors with additional insight into our business and industry and gives them valuable perspective on the performance of our Company, the Board, our Chair and CEO, and members of senior management. Directors can work with the Office of the Corporate Secretary to design a custom curriculum plan, to help them meet their educational goals and prepare for future Board leadership roles. We also provide regular in-house director education sessions to educate Board members on emerging and evolving initiatives and strategies. Topics covered in 2025 included a Verafin product demo, as well as our Index and U.S. Listings businesses. Additional tutorials are available to individual directors upon request. Our Board and Committee agendas also include bespoke briefings on timely topics. Recent examples include a briefing on governance trends, guest speakers on the external landscape, and a crisis planning tabletop exercise. Board Assessment Process We have a three-tiered annual Board assessment process that is coordinated by the Lead Independent Director and the Chair of the Nominating Governance Committee. The assessment consists of a full Board evaluation, Committee evaluations, and individual director assessments and feedback. The Board and all the Board Committees determine action plans for the next year based on input from the annual assessment. Results and Implemented Changes To continuously strengthen our Board s effectiveness, results from our Board assessment process are used to: determine the skills and experience desired for future Board nominees; facilitate the Board refreshment process; monitor Committee roles and inform plans for rotations and new leadership assignments; strengthen the relationship between the Board and management; enhance governance processes and Board meeting agendas; and identify opportunities for director education. 45 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT 1. Questionnaire Written questionnaire for the Board and each Committee solicits director feedback about the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees on an unattributed basis. 6. Ongoing The Board and Committees regularly monitor progress of any agreed-upon actions. 2. Individual Director Assessments Candid, one-on-one discussions between the Lead Independent Director and each independent director elicit further input and feedback. Board Assessment Process 5. Action Plan The Board and Committees consider and agree on an action plan to implement changes, policies, and procedures in light of the evaluation process, as appropriate. 3. Feedback A summary of the results of both the questionnaire and the one-on-one discussions is provided to the Board and the Committees. 4. Discussion and Evaluation The Board and Committees discuss the feedback in Chairman s or Executive Session. 46 Feedback Incorporated In response to feedback from recent Board evaluations, actions taken include: added new directors with expertise in technology, fintech, financial crime, and capital markets; included specifically requested topics on Board agendas; developed a dashboard with a focused set of indicators on key strategic initiatives; streamlined meeting materials and presentations to better highlight important information and focus on key decisions; adjusted meeting agendas to allow more time for discussion; implemented in-house director education program; and provided education to our Nominating Governance Committee on sustainability topics. Service on Other Public Company Boards The Board recognizes that service on other public company boards provides Nasdaq directors with valuable experience that benefits the Company. At the same time, Nasdaq directors must be willing to devote sufficient time to carry out their duties and responsibilities effectively. As set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are reviewed annually by the Nominating Governance Committee and the Board, Nasdaq directors may serve on no more than four public company boards in addition to their Nasdaq Board service without specific approval from the Audit Risk Committee and the Nominating Governance Committee. The Nominating Governance Committee evaluates compliance with this policy at least annually as part of the director nomination process. Service on other boards and/or committees of other organizations also should be consistent with Nasdaq s conflict of interest policies. Directors may not serve on specific public company boards if prohibited by the Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors. 47 2026 NASDAQ PROXY STATEMENT Board Meetings and Attendance The Board held nine meetings during the 2025 fiscal year, and the Board met in Executive Session without management present at all of those meetings. At each Board or Committee meeting, a quorum consists of a majority of the Board or Committee members. The Board expects its members to meticulously prepare for, join, and participate in all Board and applicable Committee meetings and each Annual Meeting. Each of the incumbent directors who served for the full year of 2025 attended at least 85% of the meetings of the Board and those Committees on which the director served. In addition to participation at Board and Committee meetings, our directors frequently have individual meetings and other communications with our Chair and CEO, Lead Independent Director, and other members of the leadership team. Directors are also encouraged to attend our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Ten of the 12 members of the Board attended the Annual Meeting held on June 11, 2025. Meetings Held in 2025: 8 6 6 9 4 Board of Directors 1 Audit Risk Committee Finance Committee Management Compensation Committee Nominating Governance Committee 1. The Board met in Executive Session at nine meetings. 48 Company Oversight Strategic Oversight The Board takes an active role with management to formulate and review our long-term corporate strategy and capital allocation plan for long-term value creation. The Board and management routinely confer on our execution of our long-term strategic plans, the status of key strategic initiatives, and the principal strategic opportunities and risks facing us. In addition, the Board periodically devotes meetings to conduct an in-depth long-term strategic review with our senior management team. During these reviews, the Board and management discuss emerging technological and macroeconomic trends and short and long-term plans and priorities for each of our divisions. Additionally, the Board annually discusses and approves our budget and capital allocation plan, which are linked to our long-term strategic plans and priorities. Through these processes, the Board brings its collective, independent judgment to bear on the most critical long-term strategic issues facing Nasdaq. In 2025, the Board received updates on Nasdaq s corporate strategy at least quarterly, and often more frequently. The Board also held a multi-day strategy session during which it considered enterprise-wide strategic priorities, along with specific growth opportunities for each division. For further information on our corporate strategy, see Item 1. Business Growth Strategy in our Form 10-K. Risk Oversight The Board s role in risk oversight is consistent with our leadership structure, with management having day-to-day responsibility for assessing and managing the Company s risk exposure, and the Board having ultimate responsibility for overseeing risk management with a focus on the most significant risks facing the Company. The Board is assisted in meeting this responsibility by several Board Committees as described under Our Board Board Committees. The Audit Risk Committee receives regular reports relating to compliance with the Company s risk appetite and reviews any deviations. The Board, through the Audit Risk Committee, approves the Company s risk appetite, which is the boundaries within which our management operates while achieving corporate objectives. In addition, the Board reviews and approves the Company s ERM Policy, which mandates ERM requirements and defines employees risk management roles and responsibilities. Under the ERM Policy, we employ an ERM approach that manages risk through objective and consistent identification, assessment, monitoring, and measurement of significant risks across the Company. We classify risks into the following four broad categories: Strategic and Business Risk: Risk to earnings and capital arising from changes in the business environment and from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the business environment. Financial Risk: Risk to our financial position or ability to operate due to investment decisions and financial risk management practices, in particular as it relates to market, credit, capital, and liquidity risks. Operational Risk: Risks arising from our people, processes, and systems and from external causes, including, among other things, risks related to transaction errors, financial misstatements, technology and artificial intelligence, information security (including cybersecurity), engagement of third parties, and maintaining business continuity. Legal and Regulatory Risk: Risks related to data privacy, intellectual property, financial crime, and employment law, among other areas, as well as risks of exposure to civil and criminal consequences while conducting our business operations, such as regulatory penalties, fines, forfeiture, and/or litigation. Our management has day-to-day responsibility for managing risk arising from our activities, including making decisions within stated Board-delegated authority; ensuring employees understand their responsibilities for managing risk through a three lines model of risk management approach; and establishing internal controls as well as guidance and standards to implement the ERM Policy. In the three lines model of risk management, the first line, consisting of the business units and expert teams ( i.e. , corporate support units), executes core processes and controls. The second line, consisting of the risk, control, and oversight teams, sets policies and establishes fr