=== NDAQ_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Nasdaq intends to use its website, ir.nasdaq.com, as a means for disclosing material non-public information and for complying with SEC Regulation FD and other disclosure obligations. iv Forward-Looking Statements The SEC encourages companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make informed investment decisions. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains these types of statements. Words such as can, may, will, could, should, anticipate, estimates, expects, projects, intends, plans, believes and words or terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future expectations as to industry and regulatory developments or business initiatives and strategies, future operating results or financial performance, and other future developments are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These include, among others, statements relating to: our strategic direction; the integration of acquired businesses, including accounting decisions relating thereto; the scope, nature or impact of acquisitions, divestitures, investments or other transactional activities; the effective dates for, and expected benefits of, ongoing initiatives, including transactional activities and other strategic, restructuring, technology, de-leveraging and capital return initiatives; our products and services; the impact of pricing changes; tax matters; the cost and availability of liquidity and capital; and any litigation, or any regulatory or government investigation or action, to which we are or could become a party or which may affect us and any potential settlements of litigation, regulatory or governmental investigations or actions. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: our operating results may be lower than expected; our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses or divest sold businesses or assets, including the fact that any integration or transition may be more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected, and we may be unable to realize synergies from business combinations, acquisitions, divestitures or other transactional activities; loss of significant trading and clearing volumes or values, fees, market share, listed companies, market data customers or other customers; our ability to develop and grow our non-trading businesses; our ability to keep up with rapid technological advances, including our ability to effectively manage the development and use of AI in certain of our products and offerings, and adequately address cybersecurity risks; economic, political, regulatory and market conditions and fluctuations, including inflation, tariffs, interest rate and foreign currency risk inherent in U.S. and international operations, and geopolitical instability; the performance and reliability of our technology and technology of third parties on which we rely; any significant systems failures or errors in our operational processes; our ability to continue to generate cash and manage our indebtedness; and adverse changes that may occur in the litigation or regulatory areas, or in the securities markets generally, or increased regulatory oversight domestically or internationally. Most of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond our control. You should consider the uncertainty and any risk related to forward-looking statements that we make. These risk factors are discussed under the caption Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10- K. You should carefully read this entire Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward- looking statement, release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements or report the occurrence of unanticipated events. For any forward-looking statements contained in any document, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 1 PART I Item 1. Business OVER VIEW Nasdaq is a leading technology platform that powers the world s economies. We architect the infrastructure of the world s most modern markets, power the innovation economy, and build trust in the financial system. We empower economic opportunity by designing and deploying the technology, data, and advanced analytics that enable our clients to capture opportunities, navigate risk, and strengthen resilience. We manage, operate and provide our products and services in three business segments: Capital Access Platforms, Financial Technology and Market Services. HISTORY Nasdaq was founded in 1971 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of FINRA. Beginning in 2000, FINRA restructured and broadened ownership in Nasdaq by selling shares to FINRA members, investment companies and issuers listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. In connection with this restructuring, FINRA fully divested its ownership of Nasdaq in 2006, and The Nasdaq Stock Market became an independent registered national securities exchange in 2007. In February 2008, Nasdaq and OMX AB combined their businesses, leading to a transformational combination and expansion of our company from a U.S.-based exchange operator to a global exchange company offering technology that powers our own exchanges and markets as well as many other marketplaces around the world. Further, our transformation into a leading technology platform that powers the world s economies gained momentum with the 2021 acquisition of Verafin, followed by the 2023 acquisition of Adenza and its two flagship solutions, AxiomSL and Calypso. The seamless integration of these businesses allowed us to capitalize on our existing divisional structure, consolidated by a singular O ne Nasdaq go-to-market strategy. GROWTH STRATEGY To enable success in the evolving global financial system, we have established our purpose, vision, and value proposition together with a focused growth strategy: Our Purpose: We advance economic progress for all. Our Vision: We will be the trusted fabric of the world s financial system. Our Value Proposition: We deliver world-leading platforms that advance the liquidity, transparency, and integrity of the global economy. Our Strategy: Our strategic direction is aimed at optimizing the deployment of resources, human capital, and financial assets towards our most promising growth opportunities. These opportunities, which we identified as substantial and expanding opportunities, included solutions for combating financial crime, compliance solutions, marketplace technology, workflow for investment managers and asset owners as well as insight solutions. Our strengths in technology, proprietary data, analytics, and capital markets expertise, in conjunction with our broad client base and innovative brand has positioned us favorably to meet the evolving demands of our clientele and deliver in a sustainable and scalable way. Through our platforms: We architect the world s most modern markets : Our platform delivers scalable, interoperable solutions that can minimize friction, strengthen resilience, and enable market operators to drive innovation into local market environments. As a result, we believe our platform delivers highly advanced market infrastructure, enabling deeper liquidity and more seamless flows of capital across markets globally. We power the innovation economy : The world s most dynamic economies are not defined by geography or size. They are defined by their ability to transform ideas into growth and allowing that innovation to scale. Nasdaq sits at the center of the world s most dynamic innovation economies. We provide innovators and investors with the infrastructure, investment products, and data and insights that enable innovation to scale and investors to allocate with confidence. We build trust in the financial system : As risk becomes more pervasive, interconnected, and embedded across the financial system, the gap between the speed of risk and the speed of response has widened. Nasdaq s platform can deliver intelligent, integrated solutions that help financial institutions identify and mitigate risk with agility and precision. From regulatory reporting to compliance and financial crime management, our platform helps institutions detect threats early, meet evolving obligations, and protect the integrity of their operations. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Capital Access Platforms Our Capital Access Platforms segment delivers liquidity , transparency and integrity to the corporate issuer and investment community by empowering our clients to effectively navigate the capital markets, achieve their sustainability goals, and drive governance excellence. We offer a suite of products to assist companies in managing corporate governance standards. Our Capital Access Platforms segment comprises Data Listing Services, Index and Workflow Insights. 2 Data Listing Services Our North American and European data products enhance transparency of market activity within our exchanges and provide critical information to professional and non- professional investors globally. Our Data business distributes historical and real-time market data to sell-side customers, the institutional investing community, retail online brokers, proprietary trading firms, and other venues, as well as internet portals and data distributors. We collect, process, and create information and earn revenues as a distributor of our own, as well as select third- party, content. We provide varying levels of quote and trade information to market participants and to data distributors who in turn provide subscriptions for this information. Our systems enable distributors to gain access to our market depth, order imbalances, market sentiment and other analytical data. We distribute this proprietary market information to both market participants and non-participants through a number of proprietary products , including Nasdaq TotalView , our flagship market depth quote product. We offer TotalView products for The Nasdaq Stock Market and our Nasdaq BX and Nasdaq PSX markets . We also offer Nordic Equity TotalView, Nordic Derivatives TotalView and Nordic Fixed Income TotalView for Nordic markets. We operate several other proprietary services and data products to provide market information, including Nasdaq Basic, a lower cost alternative to the industry Level 1 feed and Nasdaq Canada Basic , a lower cost alternative to other data feeds . We also provide various other data, including data relating to our U.S. equities and options exchanges and Nordic equities, derivatives, fixed income and futures. We operate a variety of listing platforms around the world to provide multiple global capital raising solutions for public companies. Companies listed on our markets represent a diverse array of industries including, among others, healthcare, consumer products, telecommunication services, information technology, financial services, industrials and energy. Our main listing markets are The Nasdaq Stock Market and the Nasdaq Nordic and Nasdaq Baltic exchanges. Companies seeking to list securities on The Nasdaq Stock Market may do so on one of the three market tiers: The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, or The Nasdaq Capital Market. To qualify, companies must meet minimum listing requirements, including specified financial and corporate governance criteria. Once listed, companies must maintain rigorous listing and corporate governance standards. As of December 31, 2025 , a total of 5,599 companies listed securities on our U.S., Nasdaq Nordic, Nasdaq Baltic and Nasdaq First North exchanges. As of December 31, 2025 , a total of 4,480 companies listed securities on The Nasdaq Stock Market, with 1,316 listings on The Nasdaq Global Select Market, 1,750 on The Nasdaq Global Market and 1,414 on The Nasdaq Capital Marke t. In the U.S., we seek new listings from companies conducting IPOs, including SPACs, and direct listings as well as companies looking to switch from alternative exchanges. The 2025 new listings were comprised of the following: The Nasdaq Stock Market Operating company IPOs 155 SPAC IPOs 126 Switches from the New York Stock Exchange LLC, or NYSE, and the NYSE American LLC, or NYSE American 20 Upgrades from OTC 31 ETPs and Other Listings 452 Total 784 During 2025, we had 20 new listings resulting from operating companies switching their listings from NYSE or NYSE American to join The Nasdaq Stock Market as well as 5 ETP switches, included in ETPs and other listings in the table above. More than $ 1,241 billion in global equity market capitalization switched to The Nasdaq Stock Market in 2025. We also offer listings on the exchanges that comprise Nasdaq Nordic and Nasdaq Baltic. For smaller companies and growth companies, we offer access to the financial markets through the Nasdaq First North alternative marketplaces. As of December 31, 2025 , a total of 1,119 companies listed securities on our Nordic and Baltic exchanges. Our European listing customers include companies, funds and governments. Customers issue securities in the form of cash equities, depository receipts, warrants, ETPs, convertibles, rights, options, bonds or fixed-income related products. In 2025, a total of 27 new companies listed on our Nordic and Baltic exchanges. Index Our Index business develops and licenses Nasdaq-branded indices and financial products. License fees for our trademark licenses vary by product based on a percentage of underlying assets, dollar value of a product issuance, number of products or number of contracts traded. We also license cash-settled options, futures and options on futures on our indices. As of December 31, 2025 , 451 ETPs listed on 27 exchanges in over 20 countries tracked a Nasdaq index and accounted for $ 882 billion in AUM. Our flagship index, the Nasdaq-100 Index, or NDX, includes the top 100 non-financial companies listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. More than 100 ETPs worldwide track Nasdaq-100 core indices, which had $640 bi llion in assets tracking the indices as of December 31, 2025 , or 73% of total AUM. We provide index data product s based on Nasdaq indices. Index data products include our Global Index Data Service, which delivers r eal-time and historical index values throughout the trading day , and Global Index Watch/Global Index File Delivery Service, which delivers daily and historical weightings and components data, corporate actions and a breadth of additional data for the indices that we operate. 3 Workflow Insights Workflow Insights includes our analytics and corporate solutions products. Our analytics products provide asset managers, investment consultants and institutional asset owners with information and analytics to make data-driven investment decisions, deploy their resources more productively, and provide liquidity solutions for private funds. Through our eVestment platform, we provide a suite of cloud-based solutions that help institutional investors and consultants conduct pre- investment due diligence, and monitor their portfolios post- investment. The eVestment platform also enables asset managers to efficiently distribute information about their firms and funds to asset owners and consultants worldwide. Our eVestment platform has expanded the scale and reach of data assets to meet the evolving needs of clients and enhance the value to asset owners and asset managers, including in the private markets space, with over 80,000 private funds covered. In October 2025, we sold our Solovis business, a financial technology platform offering portfolio monitoring and analytics tools. The Nasdaq Fund Network and Nasdaq Data Link are additional platforms in our suite of investment data analytics offerings and data management tools. Nasdaq Fund Network gathers and distributes daily net asset values from over 100,000 funds and other investment vehicles across North America. Nasdaq Data Link strengthens our position as a leading source for financial, economic, and alternative datasets. Corporate solutions serves both public and private companies and organizations through our Investor Relations Intelligence, Governance Solutions and Sustainability Solutions products. Our public company clients can be companies listed on our exchanges or other U.S. and global exchanges. Our private company clients include a diverse group of organizations ranging from family-owned companies, government organizations, law firms, privately held entities, and various non-profit organizations to hospitals and healthcare systems. Our Investor Relations Intelligence offerings include a global team of expert consultants that deliver advisory services including Equity Surveillance Shareholder Analysis, Investor Engagement and Perception Studies, as well as an industry-leading platform, Nasdaq IR Insight, to investor relations professionals and executive teams. These solutions allow investor relations officers and executives to better manage their investor relations programs, understand their investor base, target new investors, manage meetings and consume key data such as investor profiles, equity research, consensus estimates and news. Through our Governance Solutions products, we provide an industry-leading board meeting management platform, Nasdaq Boardvantage, and advisory services that streamline the meeting process for board of directors and executive leadership teams and enable them to accelerate decision making and strengthen governance. Our Sustainability Solutions includes consulting services and purpose built sustainability reporting software. Our advisory practice helps companies analyze, assess and action best practices as it relates to their sustainability programs. Nasdaq Metrio is our cloud-based end-to-end sustainability reporting platform that enables corporates to collect, measure, disclose and communicate investor-grade, audited ESG data efficiently across dozens of raters, rankers and framework organizations to drive strategic outcomes and attract investors. Financial Technology The Financial Technology segment delivers world leading platforms that improve the l iquidity, transparency and integrity of the global economy by architecting and operating the world s best markets. This segment comprises Financial Crime Management Technology, Regulatory Technology and Capital Markets Technology businesses. We are a leading global technology solutions provider and partner to exchanges, clearing organizations, central securities depositories, banks, brokers, buy-side firms and corporate businesses. Th rough our Financial Technology solutions, we power more than 135 marketplaces (including 19 owned and operated by Nasdaq) and regulators, in more than 5 5 countries. We serve approximately 3,800 global clients, including all Global Systemically Important Banks, or G-SIBs . Our solutions can handle a wide array of assets, including but not limited to cash equities, equity derivatives, currencies, various interest-bearing securities, commodities, energy products and digital currenci es. Financial Crime Management Technology Financial Crime Management Technology includes our Nasdaq Verafin solution, which delivers a leading anti- financial crime platform improving the integrity and transparency of the financial world. Nasdaq Verafin provides a cloud-based solution to financial institutions for fraud detection and management, anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism compliance and management, high-risk customer management, sanctions screening and management, and information sharing. Nasdaq Verafin has leveraged AI for more than 20 years to deliver industry-leading financial crime management solutions, combining deep domain and technical expertise with consortium data. Nasdaq Verafin's comprehensive solutions help financial institutions tackle complex problems, including payments fraud targeting all payment channels. Our innovative AI-based Targeted Typology Analytics solution examines a range of behavioral, transactional, third- party, and consortium insights for more effective detection of crimes with fewer false positives and high quality results. Our Nasdaq Verafin solution provides the tools to help more than 2,750 North American financial institutions, including G-SIBs , with regulatory compliance as well as detect, investigate and report money laundering and financial fraud. 4 Regulatory Technology Regulatory Technology includes our AxiomSL and surveillance solutions. AxiomSL is a global leader in risk data management and regulatory reporting solutions for the financial industry, covering more than 170 regulators in more than 60 countries , including banks, broker dealers and asset managers. Its unique enterprise data management platform delivers data lineage, risk aggregation, analytics, workflow automation, reconciliation, validation and audit functionality, as well as disclosures. AxiomSL s cloud-enabled and on-premises solutions support compliance across a wide range of global and local regulations and deliver solutions and services for financial regulatory reporting, liquidity, capital and credit, operations, trade and transaction reporting, and ESG reporting. We also provide professional services which relate to systems implementation and integration as well as advisory services. Our surveillance cloud-enabled and on-premises solution is designed for banks, brokers and other market participants to assist in complying with market rules, regulations and internal market surveillance policies and serves more than 170 clients. We also provide our solution to regulators and exchanges with a robust platform to manage cross-market, cross-asset and multi-venue surveillance. This offering powers surveillance for more than 50 exchanges and 22 regulators. Capital Markets Technology Capital Markets Technology includes our Calypso and market technology solutions as well as trade management services. C alypso is a leading cloud-enabled platform p roviding cross- asset, front-to-back trading, treasury, risk and collateral management solutions. The Calypso solution provides customers with a single platform designed to enable consolidation, innovation and growth. The platform supports front, middle and back office activities in exchange-traded and OTC instruments and supports multiple financial asset classes and the associated financial instruments. Calypso s software application specializes in capital markets, investment management, risk management, clearing, collateral, treasury and liquidity management. The Calypso platform, leveraging modern technology, is versatile and serves more than 20 central banks and other customers across different industries, including banks, buy- side clients, government-sponsored entities and corporate clients, and can quickly adapt to changing paradigms including new asset classes, regulations, trading venues, and trading and processing workflows. Nasdaq s market technology solutions are utilized by leading markets in North America, Europe, Asia, Middle East, Latin America and Africa. These solutions can handle a wide array of asset classes, including but not limited to cash equities, equity derivatives, currencies, various interest-bearing securities, commodities, energy products and digital currencies. We continue to develop our business portfolio by extending and migrating our current offerings to the cloud. We provide and deliver mission-critical solutions to market infrastructure operators, which include exchanges, regulators, clearinghouses and central securities depositories. These solutions are designed to cover all aspects of a market operator s needs, from trading and clearing to risk management, index development, data, management, testing and quality assurance. In addition to serving the market operators in the core capital markets, there is a demand for mission critical solutions to enable robust operation of new emerging asset classes such as crypto currencies and native digital markets. Our market technology business currently offers its services to several digital assets exchanges, and the SaaS-based Marketplace Services Platform provides next-generation marketplace capabilities spanning the transaction lifecycle to facilitate the exchange of assets, services and information across various types of market ecosystems and machine-to-machine transactions. Our Capital Markets Technology businesses also provide complex delivery management and systems integration. Through our integration services, we can assume responsibility for projects that involve migration to a new system and the establishment of entirely new marketplaces. We also offer operation and support for the applications, systems platforms, networks and other components included in an information technology solution, as well as advisory services. Our trade management services provide market participants with a wide variety of alternatives for connecting to and accessing our markets for a fee. Our marketplaces may be accessed via a number of different protocols used for quoting, order entry, trade reporting and connectivity to various data feeds. WorkX, a web-based, front-end interface allows market participants to view data, utilize risk management tools, and submit and review trade reports. WorkX enables a seamless workflow and enhanced trade intelligence. In addition, we offer a variety of add-on compliance tools to help market participants comply with regulatory requirements. We provide colocation services to market participants, whereby we offer firms cabinet space and power to house their own equipment and servers within our data centers. Additionally, we offer a number of wireless connectivity offerings between certain data centers using millimeter wave and microwave technology. 5 Market Services Our Market Services segment includes our equity derivative trading and clearing, cash equity trading, fixed income, currency and commodities trading. We operate 19 exchanges across several asset classes, including derivatives, commodities, cash equity, debt, structured products and ETPs. We provide trading services in North America and Europe. In the U.S., we operate six options exchanges: Nasdaq PHLX, The Nasdaq Options Market, Nasdaq BX Options, Nasdaq ISE, Nasdaq GEMX and Nasdaq MRX. These exchanges facilitate the trading of equity, ETF, index and foreign currency options. Our combined options market share in 2025 represented the largest share of the U.S. market for multi-listed equity options. Our options trading platforms provide trading opportunities to retail investors, algorithmic trading firms and market makers, who tend to prefer electronic trading, and institutional investors, who typically require high touch services to execute their trades, which are often performed on our trading floor in Philadelphia. We also operate three cash equity exchanges: The Nasdaq Stock Market, Nasdaq BX and Nasdaq PSX. Our U.S. cash equity exchanges offer trading of both Nasdaq-listed and non-Nasdaq-listed securities. The Nasdaq Stock Market is the largest single venue of liquidity for trading U.S.-listed cash equities. Market participants include market makers, broker- dealers, ATSs, institutional investors, and registered securities exchanges. We also operate a U.S. corporate bond exchange for the listing of corporate bonds. Our Market Services segment also includes revenues from U.S. Tape plans. The plan administrators sell quotation and last sale information for all transactions, whether traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market or other exchanges, to market participants and to data distributors, who then provide the information to subscribers. After deducting costs, the plan administrators distribute the tape revenues to the respective plan participants based on a formula required by Regulation NMS that takes into account both trading and quoting activity. In Canada, we operate an exchange with three independent markets for the trading of Canadian-listed securities: Nasdaq Canada CXC, Nasdaq Canada CX2 and Nasdaq Canada CXD. In Europe, we operate exchanges in Tallinn (Estonia), Riga (Latvia) and Vilnius (Lithuania) as Nasdaq Baltic and exchanges in Stockholm (Sweden), Copenhagen (Denmark), Helsinki (Finland), and Reykjavik (Iceland) together with the clearing operations of Nasdaq Clearing, as Nasdaq Nordic. Collectively, the Nasdaq Nordic and Nasdaq Baltic exchanges offer trading in cash equities, depository receipts, warrants, convertibles, rights, fund units and ETFs, as well as trading and clearing of derivatives and clearing of resale and repurchase agreements. Our platform allows the exchanges to share the same trading system, which enables efficient cross- border trading and settlement, cross-exchange membership and a single source for Nordic data products. Settlement and registration of cash equity trading takes place in Sweden, Finland, and Denmark via the local central securities depositories. In addition, Nasdaq owns a central securities depository that provides notary, settlement, central maintenance and other services in the Baltic countries and Iceland. In Europe, Nasdaq Nordic offers trading in derivatives, such as stock options and futures and index options and futures. Nasdaq Clearing offers CCP clearing services for stock opt