=== FISV_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14A-6(E)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 FISERV, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Fellow Shareholders, In 2025, we undertook a rigorous review of our business that led to a reset of our earnings baseline. This recalibration represents an important and revitalizing moment for Fiserv, driven by a clear-eyed assessment of where we needed to strengthen execution and accelerate investment. We used this opportunity to refocus on the pillars that have long defined our company exceptional client service, world-class execution, value-added technology, and cutting-edge innovation to position us to deliver sustainable, high-quality growth and long-term value for our shareholders. One Fiserv Action Plan With our objectives well-defined, we established a new strategic framework called the One Fiserv action plan focused on five strategic pillars: operating with a client-first mindset; building the pre-eminent small business operating platform through Clover ; creating differentiated platforms in finance and commerce; delivering operational excellence enabled by artificial intelligence; and employing disciplined capital allocation for the long-term. One Fiserv serves as the foundation of our strategy and is embedded within our 2026 operating plan. Leadership and Board Transitions In the past year, the board oversaw a number of leadership transitions, working closely with management to ensure continuity while enhancing the experience and capabilities of the team. We are encouraged by the opportunities created by the changes to our senior leadership team and organizational structure. In addition, as part of our multi-year board refreshment effort, we added three new directors in 2026. The new directors further enhance the board s collective skillsets with backgrounds in financial services, experience leading transformation and financial expertise, directly supporting our enhanced focus on execution, client-centricity, operational rigor and long-term value creation. Fiserv is positioned to enter its next chapter with the talent required to deliver on the company s long-term strategy. Shareholder Engagement Ongoing dialogue with our shareholders was especially important during this transition. In addition to regular engagement through earnings calls, analyst meetings, and investor and industry conferences, we undertook broad governance outreach with director participation. Across these conversations, shareholders expressed support for the leadership transitions and board refreshment efforts, while emphasizing the importance of open communication and clear alignment among compensation, strategy, and long-term value creation. Looking Ahead We believe no other company has the assets, breadth and scale to connect all parts of the financial ecosystem. Our position at the center of commerce and the growing connection between businesses and financial institutions provides unique opportunities in areas such as embedded finance, stablecoin, networks, and merchant liquidity. Our focus on service excellence and new technology, including artificial intelligence, is designed to accelerate our ability to capitalize on and scale these opportunities. We recognize the critical roles we play across both of our segments and are thankful for the opportunity to deliver value to our shareholders and clients. Please join us for our annual meeting which will be held online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FISV2026 on Thursday, May 21, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. Central time. Details for attending the meeting, and how and when to vote, are included in this proxy statement. Your vote is very important to us. If you are unable to attend the annual meeting, please vote in advance of the meeting online, by mail or by telephone to ensure your shares are represented. Thank you for your continued support and investment in Fiserv. Sincerely, Michael P. Lyons Gordon M. Nixon Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders May 21, 2026 Thursday, at 10:00 a.m. (CT) Virtual Annual Meeting Site www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FISV2026, where you will be able to listen to the annual meeting live, submit questions and vote online Who Can Vote Holders of Fiserv stock at the close of business on March 24, 2026. Participating in the Virtual Annual Meeting The annual meeting will be held via live webcast to enable broad shareholder attendance and to provide a consistent experience to all shareholders regardless of location. Holders of Fiserv stock at the close of business on March 24, 2026 are entitled to participate in, examine our shareholder list at, and submit questions in writing during the annual meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FISV2026. To participate in the annual meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your notice of Internet availability of proxy materials, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. The annual meeting will begin promptly at 10:00 a.m. (CT). Online check-in will begin at 9:45 a.m. (CT). Please allow ample time for the online check-in procedures. Date of Mailing On April 2, 2026, we will commence mailing the notice of Internet availability of proxy materials, or a proxy statement, proxy card and annual report, to shareholders. Matters to be Voted On 1. Election of eleven directors to serve for a one-year term and until their successors are elected and qualified. 2. Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers. 3. Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. 4. Shareholder Proposal requesting an independent board chair policy. Any other business as may properly come before the annual meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. By Order of the Board of Directors, Eric C. Nelson Secretary April 2, 2026 Review your proxy statement and vote in one of four ways: Internet Visit proxyvote.com By telephone Call the telephone number on your proxy card By mail Sign, date and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope During the meeting Attend our annual meeting and cast your vote during the meeting Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the shareholder meeting to be held on May 21, 2026: The proxy statement, 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the means to vote by Internet are available at http://www.proxyvote.com. TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Summary 4 Annual Meeting Information 4 Director Nominees 5 At-A-Glance 6 Shareholder Engagement 9 Our Board of Directors 12 Our Director Nominees 12 Our Board s Experience and Skills 12 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 14 Who We Are 14 How We Are Selected, Elected and Evaluated 19 How We Are Organized 21 How We Govern 24 How We Are Paid 27 How to Communicate with Us 30 Our Executive Pay 31 Proposal 2. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 31 Letter from the Talent and Compensation Committee 33 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 35 Compensation Committee Report 55 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 55 Executive Compensation 56 Summary Compensation Table 56 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 59 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2025 60 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During 2025 62 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 63 Pay Versus Performance 72 Pay Ratio 76 Audit and Related Matters 78 Proposal 3: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 78 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Fees 79 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy 79 Audit Committee Report 79 Proposal 4: Shareholder Proposal 81 Fiserv s Statement in Opposition 83 Our Shareholders 85 Common Stock Ownership 85 Voting, Meeting and Other Matters 87 Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 87 Who Can Vote 87 How to Vote 87 Proxies 88 How to Participate in the Meeting 89 Quorum 89 Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 89 Proxy Statement and Annual Report Delivery 90 Forward-Looking Statements 91 Appendix A Non-GAAP Financial Measures A-1 Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 03 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary This summary highlights selected information in this proxy statement. Please review the entire proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, before voting your shares. Annual Meeting Information Time and Date Thursday, May 21, 2026 10:00 a.m. (CT) Virtual Meeting Site www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FISV2026 Record Date March 24, 2026 Items of Business Board s Recommendation Where to Find Details 1. Election of eleven directors to serve for a one-year term and until their successors are elected and qualified. FOR all nominees P. 14 - 21 2. Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers. FOR P. 31 - 32 3. Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. FOR P. 78 4. Shareholder Proposal requesting an independent board chair policy. AGAINST P. 81 - 84 04 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Director Nominees Director Nominees Committee Memberships Directors Occupation Age Director Since Independent Other Public Directorships Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance Talent and Compensation Risk Michael P. Lyons Chief Executive Officer 55 2025 Gordon M. Nixon (1) Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Bank of Canada 69 2026 3 (2) Stephanie E. Cohen Chief Strategy Officer of Cloudflare 48 2025 Henrique de Castro Former Chief Operating Officer of Yahoo! Inc. 60 2019 1 Harry F. DiSimone Former President of Commerce Advisors, Inc. 71 2018 C line Duf tel Chief Financial Officer of Bridgewater Associates, LP 45 2026 Lance M. Fritz Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Union Pacific Corporation 63 2024 1 Ajei S. Gopal President and Chief Executive Officer of Procore Technologies, Inc. 64 2024 2 (3) Wafaa Mamilli Executive Vice President, Chief Digital and Technology Officer of Roche 58 2021 Gary S. Shedlin Vice Chairman of BlackRock, Inc. 62 2026 Charlotte B. Yarkoni Former President of Commerce, Ecosystems, Cloud AI of Microsoft 56 2023 1 (1) Chairman of the Board (2) Mr. Nixon will not stand for re-election as a director of BCE Inc. ( BCE ) at BCE s general shareholder meeting on May 7, 2026, following which he will hold two public directorships other than Fiserv. (3) Mr. Gopal will not stand for re-election as a director of Synopsys, Inc. ( Synopsys ) at Synopsys s annual meeting of stockholders on April 16, 2026, following which he will hold one public directorship other than Fiserv. Committee Chair Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 05 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary At-A-Glance At-A-Glance In 2025, we strengthened our focus on client service, world-class execution, value-added technology solutions and innovation. Following a rigorous analysis, we announced our new One Fiserv action plan, and updated our financial baseline and growth plan. Our One Fiserv action plan focuses on prioritizing and enhancing client focus across five strategic pillars: operating with a client-first mindset, building the pre-eminent small business operating platform through Clover , creating differentiated platforms in finance and commerce, delivering operational excellence enabled by artificial intelligence, and employing disciplined capital allocation for the long-term. In connection with the One Fiserv action plan, we have embraced the use of emerging technology, including generative and agentic artificial intelligence, to enhance our mission-critical software solutions, ignite our gateways and orchestration layers, facilitate embedded finance and improve our operations. With a focus on sustainable financial performance, client satisfaction and operational discipline, 2026 will be a critical investment and transition year for us, and is expected to establish the foundation for Fiserv to be a durable growth compounder generating compelling and predictable returns. Leadership Changes We made a number of leadership updates in 2025, including the appointment of our new Chief Executive Officer, Michael P. Lyons. Mr. Lyons was appointed President and CEO-Elect effective January 27, 2025, and served in that position until he assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer on May 6, 2025. Mr. Lyons brings significant industry experience, strategic insight, and a demonstrated track record of operational excellence. As former President of The PNC Financial Services Group, one of Fiserv s largest clients, he assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer with a strong understanding of our customers and their needs, positioning him well to lead the company into its next chapter of execution and value creation. Mr. Lyons has also emphasized a commitment to execution and client service to support long-term shareholder value. In coordination with the board, Mr. Lyons has made changes to our senior leadership team and organizational structure to position Fiserv for long-term success. These new appointments and organizational changes support our priorities to enhance client focus across key strategic pillars and promote long-term value, with the new members of our senior leadership team bringing skills and experience aligned with the company s strategic initiatives. These updates reflect our commitment to building a world-class leadership team united in prioritizing a culture of strong execution and client service. The following is a summary of these 2025 leadership changes. Effective October 31, 2025, the company appointed Paul M. Todd as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Todd has a strong track record as a public company chief financial officer, including serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Global Payments, Inc., with valuable industry experience, insight into emerging industry trends, and execution success. Effective December 1, 2025, the company appointed Panagiotis (Takis) Georgakopoulos and Dhivya Suryadevara as Co-Presidents. In his role as Co-President, Mr. Georgakopoulos is responsible for the company s Merchant Solutions business. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and brings strategic vision, operational expertise and deep technical leadership to the role. Ms. Suryadevara joined the company as Co-President and is responsible for the company s Financial Solutions business. She brings extensive experience across banking, payments, finance and technology areas critical to Fiserv s long-term strategy and growth. Board of Directors and Governance Board Membership. Our board is composed of members who are leaders in their respective fields. Over the past several years, the board has added the skills and experience to oversee our strategic priorities. Since 2024, the board has appointed six new independent directors: Lance Fritz, Ajei Gopal, Stephanie Cohen, C line Duf tel, Gordon Nixon and Gary Shedlin, with the latter three joining our board on January 1, 2026. These additions bring deep expertise in financial services, payments, digital and ecommerce innovation, capital allocation and global operational leadership, directly supporting our enhanced focus on execution, client-centricity, operational rigor and long-term value creation. 06 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary At-A-Glance Mr. Nixon joined as independent Chairman, bringing extensive experience as a leader in the global financial industry, including as former Chief Executive Officer of Royal Bank of Canada and as a public company director. Mr. Shedlin, former Chief Financial Officer and current Vice Chair at BlackRock, brings a strong track record of successfully executing on key strategic initiatives and strengthening relationships with clients and partners. Ms. Duf tel, Chief Financial Officer of Bridgewater Associates, brings a differentiated investor perspective from her former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer roles at T. Rowe Price and senior-level positions at Neuberger Berman, as well as deep industry experience as former President and Chief Operating Officer of Checkout.com. Mr. Nixon and Mr. Shedlin were identified as potential director candidates by our current chief executive officer and Ms. Duf tel was identified by a third-party search firm. These appointments emphasize the board s commitment to aligning its capabilities with the evolving needs of the business, as reflected in the director skills matrix included in this proxy statement. Board Leadership. The board believes strong and effective leadership is essential and maintains flexibility to adopt governance structures that it believes best serve our company and our shareholders. In 2025, the board determined to separate the roles of chairman and chief executive officer and appointed Doyle Simons as independent Chairman of the Board effective May 6, 2025. Subsequently, the board appointed Mr. Nixon as independent Chairman of the Board effective January 1, 2026 to succeed Mr. Simons upon his retirement. In appointing Mr. Nixon, the board considered his significant service as a public company director, including experience as both an independent chairman and lead independent director of large public companies. His background in governance, strategy oversight and disciplined execution positions him well to guide the board and support our strategic priorities. Mr. Nixon brings significant expertise, judgment and leadership to this role. Committee Rotation. In early 2026, with the addition of three new directors, and as a part of our annual committee refreshment process, we reconstituted our committee memberships and chair positions. Ms. Yarkoni was appointed to the nominating and corporate governance committee and Mr. Gopal was appointed committee chair. Mr. Shedlin and Ms. Duf tel were appointed to the audit committee, with Mr. Shedlin assuming the role of committee chair. Messrs. Fritz and Shedlin were appointed to the talent and compensation committee, with Mr. Fritz assuming the role of committee chair. Ms. Duf tel was appointed to the risk committee. These changes reflect our ongoing commitment to appoint directors to committees where they are able to maximize their impact and best position directors to use their skills to provide effective oversight and deliver value to our shareholders. Board Performance and Engagement. Through annual board assessments, full board discussions and third-party evaluations, we strive to maintain a board with the skills and experience to advance our strategy and provide effective oversight. We conduct annual evaluations of board, committee and individual director performance. Our independent chairman of the board facilitates discussions based upon the feedback received and engages with directors individually, and with the board as a whole, to discuss potential opportunities. We also periodically engage a third party to interview our directors regarding individual director and board performance and areas for enhanced skills and performance opportunities. In addition, we continue to focus on our director education program, which includes product demonstrations or presentations from external experts at each regular board meeting covering topics including emerging technology, artificial intelligence developments, the regulatory landscape, updates on the economy, administration and policy initiatives, as well as investor and governance updates. Director Onboarding. In 2025, we refined our director onboarding program to help accelerate director integration and enable new directors to contribute effectively from the outset while supporting long-term engagement. As part of our onboarding program, we provide written orientation materials promptly following appointment and arrange structured meetings with senior management, committee chairs and key function leaders to familiarize directors with our strategy, operations, risk management and governance framework. These sessions cover a wide range of topics including the company s strategies, key objectives for each business segment and corporate function, financial results and reporting, capital allocation, client engagement, human capital management, internal and external audit matters, corporate governance and legal updates. In addition, we arrange meetings Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 07 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary At-A-Glance with external advisors, including industry experts and our auditor, and provide committee-specific briefings and ongoing education opportunities to ensure directors develop a strong foundational knowledge of Fiserv, our business and the evolving environment in which we operate. Board Limits. Our governance guidelines provide that independent directors may serve on no more than four boards of directors of for-profit enterprises, including our board, without approval of our board of directors. Our governance guidelines also require that the nominating and corporate governance committee considers each director s time commitments, including those related to employment and other board service, as part of the annual director nomination process to ensure that our directors have adequate time to fulfill their responsibilities. Executive Compensation Compensation Metrics. The talent and compensation committee re-evaluated the incentive compensation metrics and weightings for our annual cash incentive awards and performance share units in light of our strategic transformation and the One Fiserv action plan and approved certain updates for fiscal 2026 compensation to better align to our evolving strategy. Equity Compensation. Equity continues to comprise a significant majority of the incentive compensation provided to executive officers, thus aligning their interests with the interests of our shareholders and promoting long-term value creation. Clawback Policy. We maintain a compensation recoupment policy that fully complies with Securities and Exchange Commission rules and Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) listing standards . In addition to the mandatory recoupment, the policy permits recoupment of all types of compensation (including but not limited to time-vesting equity awards as well as performance-based equity awards) other than base compensation for a restatement of our operating or financial results, a violation of our code of conduct or the law, or non-compliance with restrictive covenants, among other circumstances. The policy is available on our website at www.Fiserv.com and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Corporate Social Responsibility Associate Engagement. In 2025, 90% of our associates participated in our annual global associate engagement survey. We scored highest in the operational excellence and manager effectiveness categories, reflecting our associates belief that Fiserv fosters an environment where associates can thrive and succeed. We also continued to focus on providing associates with training, learning and career development opportunities and building our recruiting and internal mobility programs, and continued to cultivate leadership at all levels through programs such as Leadership Academy and Leading Fiserv, empowering excellence, engagement and growth. Business and Community Impact. In 2025, Fiserv was named to the TIME100 Most Influential Companies. Central to the company s TIME recognition is Clover, our cloud-based point-of-sale and business management platform that serves small and medium-sized businesses. By enabling commerce, payments and financial and business services, Clover delivers solutions that enable, connect and empower people, businesses and communities with market-leading technology. Engaging the U.S. Military Community. Through Fiserv Salutes, we hire and support veterans and spouses, creating career pathways via partnerships. A core tenant of Fiserv s veterans hiring and support programs is Fiserv Salutes, the company s engagement program focused on providing educational resources, mentorship and career opportunities to U.S. service members, veterans and military spouses. Fiserv also partners with organizations like Hiring our Heroes, 50Strong, the D Aniello Institute for Veterans and Military Families, and Student Veterans of America , to strengthen its connection with the military community and provide meaningful pathways for employment at Fiserv. We were recognized in 2025 as a Vets Ready Employer by the Wisconsin Department of Workforce Development, highlighting the company s focus on supporting the military community as a leader for hiring and supporting those that have served our country. 08 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Shareholder Engagement Green Building Design . As part of our real estate strategy, we continue to incorporate green building design principles into new construction, renovation and building projects. As of 2025, we had over 750,000 square feet of LEED-certified office space. This includes our executive offices in New York City (LEED Gold), our New Jersey technology campus (LEED Platinum), our collaboration center in Dublin, Ireland (LEED Platinum), our Milwaukee, Wisconsin Headquarters (LEED Gold), and our office in Columbus, Ohio (LEED Silver). Shareholder Engagement Our investor relations team and members of senior management regularly communicate with our shareholders, including in connection with quarterly earnings calls, analyst meetings, and investor and industry conferences. In addition, members of senior management engage with shareholders regarding corporate governance and related matters throughout the year to understand their priorities and areas of focus. Prior to our annual meeting of shareholders in May 2025, we conducted shareholder engagement focused on leadership changes, board refreshment and compensation-related matters. In late 2025 and early 2026, we conducted shareholder engagement focused on company performance, leadership changes, board refreshment and compensation-related matters. We extended invitations to meet with shareholders collectively owning over 50% of our outstanding shares and engaged with shareholders collectively owning nearly 30% of our shares. Mr. Fritz, as then-chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee, participated in a significant majority of these meetings. Feedback received from these discussions helped inform enhancements to our executive compensation program and compensation- and governance-related disclosures. In our discussions, shareholders expressed positive views regarding leadership additions and board refreshment. Shareholders also expressed support for continued use of equity-based awards as a significant component of our compensation program and our focus on aligning compensation with the interests of our shareholders and long-term value creation. The table below outlines board, governance and compensation-focused feedback during fall 2025 engagements, as well as the board s considerations to address each topic. Board and Governance Matters What We Heard What We Do Shareholders expressed support for board refreshment and committee rotation Since 2024, we have added six new independent directors, each of whom has C-suite experience. These appointments reflect our commitment to maintaining a highly qualified board with the appropriate expertise to oversee our evolving strategy shifts. Our board s thoughtful mix of tenures ensures fresh perspectives from newer directors, which complement the experience and institutional knowledge of our longer-serving members. Our independent directors have demonstrated flexibility in continuing to evaluate and assess board composition and leadership With the addition of new directors, we also reconstituted board committee memberships and chair positions to align director skills with the strategic needs of the company as it evolves In 2025, the board determined it was appropriate to separate the roles of chairman and chief executive officer and to appoint Mr. Simons, our then-lead independent director, as independent Chairman of the Board, effective upon our former chief executive officer s resignation. Following Mr. Simons retirement, the board appointed Mr. Nixon as independent Chairman of the Board. Mr. Nixon s background as a global financial institution leader and public company director positions him well to guide the board and support the company s strategic priorities Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 09 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Shareholder Engagement What We Heard What We Do Shareholders asked about the skills and capabilities of our board members, including how the new additions complement board composition As part of our board refreshment process and in light of our evolving business, we thoughtfully considered the mix of skills, experiences and perspectives necessary to support the oversight of all aspects of our business and strategy Our directors bring a highly relevant combination of industry and functional expertise, proven strategic and operating leadership across strategy, payments, technology and risk management and a demonstrated track record of innovation and growth. The new additions to our board bolster the skills and experiences represented on our board through their executive experience within financial services, extensive knowledge of strategy and transformation, financial expertise and strong track record of independent oversight Shareholders asked for details regarding how the board onboards new directors into their roles We continued to focus on our director education program, which includes product demonstrations and presentations from outside experts on emerging technology, artificial intelligence developments, the regulatory landscape, updates on the economy, administration and policy initiatives, as well as investor and governance updates We refined our director onboarding program to accelerate director integration and support our goals of enabling new board members to make an immediate impact and promoting long-term engagement. The program includes comprehensive written materials, engagement with management and committee chairs, and meetings with industry experts and other third parties Shareholders expressed interest in the company s governance and use of artificial intelligence and related skillsets on the board We are developing innovative solutions that use artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to help us enhance our efficiency and productivity and deliver innovative products and services to our clients We established several oversight bodies and clear policies and guidelines that document our expectations regarding the responsible use of artificial intelligence as well as a clearinghouse to review artificial intelligence use cases The board has made artificial intelligence governance a priority and ensured it has expertise to oversee this area, including several directors with deep experience in technology, data analytics, and risk management from leading global financial institutions and technology-driven organizations The board also receives updates from external experts to stay current on emerging artificial intelligence risks and regulatory developments 10 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Shareholder Engagement Compensation Matters What We Heard What We Do Shareholders noted the importance of aligning compensation metrics with strategy to support long-term sustainable growth Our talent and compensation committee reviewed our compensation mix and incentive metrics to maximize alignment to our go-forward action plan and pay-for-performance philosophy We updated our annual cash incentive plan for executive officers for 2026 with metrics focused on adjusted revenue for incentive compensation, adjusted operating margin, and the One Fiserv action plan, each weighted equally. We also amended our annual performance share unit design for our management committee for 2026 with metrics of relative total shareholder return ( TSR ), adjusted revenue growth, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow conversion, with relative TSR and adjusted earnings per share each weighted at 30% and adjusted revenue growth and free cash flow conversion each weighted at 20%. These changes further align the program with shareholder feedback, the broader market and our strategic goals We continue to award the majority of executive officer compensation in equity and set incentive targets designed to appropriately challenge and motivate performance that supports long-term shareholder value creation. For the relative TSR component, performance above median is required for target level vesting and payouts are capped at target if our absolute TSR over the three-year period is negative Shareholders expressed the importance of chief executive officer and senior management retention Our Compensation Discussion and Analysis (page 35 ) ( CD A ) describes leadership changes and applicable sign-on compensation, including replacement equity granted to new named executive officers for certain foregone compensation and forfeited awards at prior employers, and compensation decisions that support retention in the context of leadership transitions and our strategic reset Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors Our Director Nominees The board seeks to be comprised of directors with a broad set of skills, experiences, and backgrounds to ensure diverse perspectives and contemporary ideas. The board is comprised of individuals with proven business experience and significant accomplishments as well as diverse board tenure, age, and backgrounds. In particular, five nominees have served on the board for less than two years, four have served between two and five years, and two have served for more than six years. Our Board s Experience and Skills The collective experience of our director nominees reflects a balanced mix of the skills, expertise, background and viewpoints that we believe are integral to a well-functioning board. The following table summarizes the skills for each director nominee under criteria we have identified as most relevant to our current business strategy. More detailed information about each nominee s qualifications, skills and experience follows under Who We Are. Nixon Lyons Cohen de Castro DiSimone Duf tel Fritz Gopal Mamilli Shedlin Yarkoni C-Level Executive Leadership Compensation and Talent Ecommerce, Mobile, Digital Finance Global Experience Government, Regulatory, Geopolitical Payments Public Company Board Risk Management Strategy Technology and Information Security 12 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors Our Board s Experience and Skills Category Guidelines A general, non-exclusive standard for each of the categories is that the respective experience should be, as applicable, current or recent; at the C-suite or senior management level; gained at a large, complex, global company; and at a company generally known to and well-regarded by relevant peers. Skill / Experience Description C-Level Executive Leadership Experience as chief executive officer, chief financial officer or other executive-level manager. Compensation and Talent Experience in enterprise-wide human capital management and the development of human and other talent resources; employee engagement; employee training and development; and corporate culture. Experience in C-suite and other senior management performance evaluation, compensation and succession planning. Ecommerce, Mobile, Digital Experience in the oversight and ongoing development of financial and other technologies that innovate and measurably improve business and customer services and experiences. Experience in sophisticated mobile and digital consumer experiences or marketing and related strategic business matters. Finance Experience in the oversight and management of public company financial reporting, including the design, maintenance and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, accounting and auditing. Experience in the oversight or design of capital structure strategies and policies, including capital market and other financing activities. Global Experience Experience working or residing outside of the U.S. or managing a complex organization doing business internationally, sufficient to enable current global perspective and general understanding of current geopolitical issues. Government, Regulatory, Geopolitical Experience related to compliance and regulation in complex, highly regulated industries, in particular in the global financial services or fintech and technology industries. Experience in government, public policy, or consulting organizations with oversight of or expertise in the global financial services or fintech and technology industries or other highly regulated industries. Experience within global retail or commercial banking, investment management or financial markets. Payments Experience with payments particularly digital payments, including debit, credit, ACH, person-to-person, and person-to-business with knowledge of processing infrastructure and settlement risk. Public Company Board Outside experience as a public company director. Risk Management Experience in the oversight, design and/or testing of enterprise risk management (ERM) and internal controls in alignment with or integrated into strategy. Experience in the integration of corporate social responsibility factors into ERM. Strategy Experience in the development and execution of business strategies designed to foster growth, including relative to sales and marketing, product, and capital allocation decisions for acquisitions, divestitures, and other strategic investments. Technology and Information Security Experience managing large technology projects or business transformations through large-scale software or infrastructure development. Experience in data management and information security, including artificial intelligence, cybersecurity and data privacy. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors Who We Are Proposal 1: Election of Directors Each person listed below is nominated for election to serve as a director until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. For The board of directors recommends that you vote For each of its nominees for director. Who We Are Age: 55 Director since: 2025 Committees: None Michael P. Lyons Mr. Lyons has served as our Chief Executive Officer since May 2025, and previously served as our President and CEO-Elect from January 2025 to May 2025. Business Experience Prior Positions President of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association (2024-2025) Executive Vice President and Head of Corporate and Institutional Banking at PNC (2011-2024) Head of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning for Bank of America (2010-2011) Reasons For Nomination Currently serves as our Chief Executive Officer, providing deep insight into the company s strategy, operations, and long-term value creation Extensive experience in the financial services and banking industries, contributing seasoned leadership and industry perspective Age: 69 Director since: 2026 Chairman since: 2026 Committees: None Gordon M. Nixon Mr. Nixon most recently served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Bank of Canada, a global financial services company. Business Experience Current Directorships BCE Inc., a communications company (public); Mr. Nixon became a director in 2014 and has decided not to stand for re-election at the upcoming general shareholder meeting in May 2026 BlackRock, Inc., a leading investment management firm (public) George Weston Limited, a holding company with retail and real estate businesses (public) Prior Positions President and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Bank of Canada (2001-2014) A variety of leadership positions at RBC Dominion (later known as RBC Capital Markets), including Head of Investment Banking, Head of Corporate Banking, and CEO of RBC Capital Markets Reasons For Nomination Extensive experience as a global financial institution leader, providing deep perspective on strategy, risk management, and governance in complex, regulated environments Strong background as a public company director, bringing seasoned oversight, judgment, and governance expertise 14 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors Who We Are Age: 48 Director since: 2025 Committees: Audit Risk Stephanie E. Cohen Ms. Cohen has served as Chief Strategy Officer of Cloudflare, a leading cloud connectivity company, since 2024. Business Experience Prior Positions Global Head of Platform Solutions at Goldman Sachs, a global investment bank and financial services company (2023-2024) Global Co-Head of Consumer Wealth Management at Goldman Sachs (2021-2022) Chief Strategy Officer at Goldman Sachs (2018- 2020) Global Head of Financial Sponsors M A at Goldman Sachs (2015-2017) Global Head of General Industrials and Global Co-Head of Industrial M A at Goldman Sachs (2011-2014) A variety of other positions at Goldman Sachs since 1999 Reasons For Nomination Technology leader with extensive management experience in the global financial services industry, bringing a strong perspective on innovation and transformation Provides deep insight into the intersection of technology, operations, and financial services strategy Age: 60 Director since: 2019 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Talent and Compensation Henrique de Castro Mr. de Castro most recently served as an advisor to Cantor Fitzgerald, a global financial services firm. Business Experience Current Directorships Banco Santander, S.A., a Spanish multinational commercial bank (public) Prior Public Directorships Target Corporation, a general merchandise retail company (2013-2020) First Data Corporation (2017-2019) CF Finance Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company (2018- 2019) Prior Positions Chief Operating Officer of CF Finance Acquisition Corp. (2018- 2019) Advisor to Cantor Fitzgerald (2015-2019) Chief Operating Officer at Yahoo! Inc., a web services firm (2012-2014) President of Partner Business Worldwide, President of Media, Mobile Platforms Worldwide and other senior executive positions at Google, a multinational technology company (2006-2012) Senior positions at Dell Corporation, a computer technology company Senior positions at McKinsey Company, a leading global management consulting firm Reasons For Nomination Leadership and management experience in the global technology industry, including expertise in scaling platforms and driving global growth strategies Contributes strategic and operational insight from leading large, complex technology organizations operating at global scale Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors Who We Are Age: 71 Director since: 2018 Committees: Audit Risk Harry F. DiSimone Mr. DiSimone most recently served as the President of Commerce Advisors, Inc., a consulting and advisory services firm for the retail financial services and payments industries. Business Experience Prior Positions President of Commerce Advisors, Inc. (2008- 2020) Managing Partner and Co-Founder of Encore Financial Partners, Inc., a company focused on the acquisition and management of banking organizations in the United States (2010-2015) Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer of the Chase credit card business, Private Label Card and Merchant Processing Executive, Retail Bank Chief Marketing Officer, Consumer Banking, Investments and Insurance Executive, Chase Personal Financial Services Executive and other senior level positions at JPMorgan Chase Co., a global financial services company, and its predecessor organizations (1976-2008) Advisor to retail banking and payment organizations, including The Direct Marketing Association, the NYCE Payment Network, Chase Paymentech, Mastercard s U.S. Business Committee, Visa Global Advisors, the New York Clearing House s Strategic Planning Committee and the Federal Reserve Bank s Payment Card Council Reasons For Nomination Extensive experience in the banking, payments and financial services industries, offering deep industry knowledge and practical operating perspective Provides seasoned insight into financial services operations and risks relevant to the company s business Age: 45 Director since: 2026 Committees: Audit Risk C line Duf tel Ms. Duf tel has served as Chief Financial Officer of Bridgewater Associates, LP, an investment management firm, since May 2025. Business Experience Prior Positions President of Checkout.com, a digital payments company (2023-2024) Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Checkout.com (2021-2023) Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of T. Rowe Price, a financial services company (2021) Chief Financial Officer of T. Rowe Price (2017-2021) Partner at McKinsey Company, a leading global management consulting firm Reasons For Nomination Seasoned executive with leadership experience in the financial services, digital payments, and asset management industries, providing broad industry perspective Brings a strong investor perspective, contributing insight on strategy, capital allocation, and long-term value creation 16 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors Who We Are Age: 63 Director since: 2024 Committees: Talent and Compensation, Chair Audit Lance M. Fritz Mr. Fritz most recently served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Union Pacific Corporation, a leading transportation company. Business Experience Current Directorships Parker Hannifin Corporation, a motion and controls technology company (public) Prior Public Directorships Union Pacific Corporation (2015-2023) Prior Positions Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Union Pacific Corporation (2015-2023) A variety of other leadership positions at Union Pacific Corporation since 2000 Reasons For Nomination Extensive leadership, operations, government and regulatory, risk management, and public company experience gained through years of service as chief executive officer and chairman of a public company Provides seasoned executive judgment and governance experience relevant to overseeing a large, complex public company Age: 64 Director since: 2024 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance, Chair Talent and Compensation Ajei S. Gopal Mr. Gopal has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Procore Technologies, Inc., a global provider of cloud-based construction management software, since November 2025. Business Experience Current Directorships Procore Technologies, Inc. (public) Synopsys, Inc., an engineering solutions provider (public) Prior Public Directorships ANSYS, Inc., an engineering simulation solutions provider (2011-2025) Citrix Systems, a cloud computing and virtualization technology company (2017-2021) Prior Positions President and Chief Executive Officer of ANSYS, Inc. (2017-2025) President and Chief Operating Officer of ANSYS, Inc. (2016) Operating Partner at Silver Lake Partners, a leading private equity technology investor (2013-2016) Senior Vice President and General Manager, HP Software (2011-2013) Executive Vice President at CA Technologies (2006-2011) Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Symantec (2004-2006) Founder of ReefEdge Networks (2000-2004) Various positions at IBM (1988-2000) Reasons For Nomination Extensive executive, operational, and technology experience, offering a strong perspective on enterprise leadership and execution Contributes deep insight into managing complex organizations and driving operational excellence Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors Who We Are Age: 58 Director since: 2021 Committees: Risk, Chair Nominating and Corporate Governance Wafaa Mamilli Ms. Mamilli has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Digital and Technology Officer of Roche, a biotechnology, pharmaceutical and diagnostics company, since February 2025 . Business Experience Prior Positions Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Technology Officer and Group President for China, Brazil and Precision Animal Health of Zoetis, Inc., a global animal health company (2022-2025) Chief Information and Digital Officer of Zoetis (2020-2022) Global Chief Information Officer for business units at Eli Lilly and Company, a pharmaceutical company (2019- 2020) A variety of leadership positions at Eli Lilly since 1995, including Chief Information Security Officer (2016-2019) Reasons For Nomination Extensive global experience and technology experience, including expertise in cybersecurity, digital, and analytics Brings valuable perspective on technology, risk, data, and digital transformation in a global operating environment Age: 62 Director since: 2026 Committees: Audit, Chair Talent and Compensation Gary S. Shedlin Mr. Shedlin has served as Vice Chairman of BlackRock, Inc., a leading investment management firm, since 2023. Business Experience Prior Positions Chief Financial Officer of BlackRock, Inc. (2013-2023) Vice Chairman, Investment Banking, and a Managing Director in the Financial Institutions Group of Morgan Stanley, a global financial services firm (2010-2012) Chairman of Financial Institutions Group and other senior positions at Citigroup Inc., a global banking company (2004-2010) Co-Head of the Financial Institutions Group and a variety of other positions at Lazard, a financial advisory and asset management firm (1990-2004) Reasons For Nomination Deep experience in leadership, finance and audit, including ten years experience as a chief financial officer Provides strong financial oversight, capital allocation, and risk management expertise to the board 18 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Selected, Elected and Evaluated Age: 56 Director since: 2023 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk Charlotte B. Yarkoni Ms. Yarkoni most recently served as President of Commerce, Ecosystems, Cloud AI of Microsoft Corporation, a global technology provider. Business Experience Current Directorships TransUnion, a global information and insights company (public) Prior Positions President of Commerce, Ecosystems, Cloud AI of Microsoft (2022-2025) Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Cloud AI of Microsoft (2021-2022) Vice President, Commerce and Ecosystems of Microsoft (2016-2021) President of Telstra Software Group, a strategic global software business (2013-2016) Senior Vice President, Cloud Services, of VMware, a leading provider of multi-cloud services (2011-2013) Reasons For Nomination Proven technology leader with an extensive background in cloud-based applications, providing deep insight into modern technology platforms Brings executive experience from both public and privately held technology firms, contributing strong operational and governance perspective to the board How We Are Selected, Elected and Evaluated More About Nominees All of the nominees for election as director at the annual meeting have been nominated in accordance with our by-laws. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. These nominees have consented to serve as a director if elected, and management has no reason to believe that any nominee will be unable to serve. Unless otherwise specified, the shares of common stock represented by the proxies solicited hereby will be voted in favor of the nominees proposed by the board of directors. In the event that any director nominee becomes unavailable for election as a result of an unexpected occurrence, shares will be voted for the election of such substitute nominee, if any, as the board of directors may propose. Vote Required Our by-laws provide that each director will be elected by the majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election, other than in a contested election. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast for a director s election exceeds the number of votes cast withheld with respect to that director s election. If, in an uncontested election of directors, any incumbent nominee receives a greater number of votes withheld from his or her election than votes for his or her election, such director will promptly tender his or her resignation. The nominating and corporate governance committee will then promptly recommend to the board whether to accept or reject the resignation, and we will promptly file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission that sets forth the board s decision in which the director who tendered a resignation will not participate. In a contested election, as determined by the chair of the board, each director will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast with respect to that director s election at a meeting at which a quorum is present regardless of whether a contested election continues to exist as of the date of such meeting. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Selected, Elected and Evaluated What We Look for in Directors The nominating and corporate governance committee regularly assesses the appropriate size of the board of directors, strategic needs of the board, skills and competencies of our directors, and whether any vacancies on the board of directors are expected due to retirement or otherwise. The committee evaluates prospective nominees in the context of the then current constitution of the board and considers all factors it believes appropriate, which include those set forth in our governance guidelines such as personal ethics and integrity, business judgment, experience, and an ability to represent the long-term interests of shareholders. In this regard, and to ensure diverse capabilities and viewpoints, the board should also consist of individuals with diverse director tenure, background and age who possess outstanding business experience, proven ability and significant accomplishments through other enterprises. Our governance guidelines provide that independent directors may serve on no more than four boards of directors of for-profit enterprises, including our board, without board approval, and that the committee considers each director s time commitments, including those related to employment and other board service, as part of the annual director nomination process to ensure that the directors have adequate time to fulfill their responsibilities as a director. How We Nominate Directors The nominating and corporate governance committee recommends to the full board of directors the nominees to stand for election at our annual meeting of shareholders and to fill vacancies occurring on the board. The committee uses a variety of methods to identify and evaluate director candidates who may come to the attention of the committee through professional search firms, current directors, shareholders or other persons. In making recommendations to the board, the committee examines each director candidate on a case-by-case basis regardless of who recommended the candidate. The committee will consider shareholder-recommended director candidates in accordance with the foregoing and other criteria set forth in our governance guidelines and the nominating and corporate governance committee charter. Recommendations for consideration by the committee must be submitted in writing to the corporate Secretary together with appropriate biographical information concerning each proposed candidate. The committee does not evaluate shareholder-recommended director candidates differently than any other director candidate. Information regarding how shareholders may nominate director nominees is found below under Voting, Meeting and Other Matters Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting. 20 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Organized How We Evaluate Our Performance The board of directors annually considers the performance of the board, board committees and individual directors. Our board believes that a meaningful evaluation process promotes good governance practices and enhances the effective functioning of the board. Input Actions We conduct annual board assessments, full board discussions and third-party evaluations. We conduct director surveys regarding board performance, and our lead independent director or independent chairman, as applicable, discusses the results with each director individually, and with the board as a group. In response to the feedback received, the board took several actions including: Appointing three new independent directors (including an independent chairman) in 2026, each with executive leadership experience including one with chief executive officer experience Continuing to provide director education opportunities, including presentations from outside experts at each regular board meeting Refining our enhanced director orientation program to accelerate director integration and meet our goal of enabling new directors to make an immediate impact while promoting their long-term engagement Rotating board committee membership to maximize the impact of directors in providing effective oversight The board and its committees consider the results of the evaluations and, as appropriate, update their practices or areas of focus to improve the operation and performance of the board and its committees. How We Are Organized Our Independence Our board of directors has determined that Stephanie E. Cohen, Henrique de Castro, Harry F. DiSimone, C line Duf tel, Lance M. Fritz, Ajei S. Gopal, Wafaa Mamilli, Gordon M. Nixon, Gary S. Shedlin and Charlotte B. Yarkoni are independent within the meaning of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). Each member of the committees of our board of directors is independent, and the members of our audit and talent and compensation committees satisfy the additional independence criteria applicable to those committees under Nasdaq or Securities and Exchange Commission rules. In addition, each member of the talent and compensation committee is a non-employee director. Mr. Lyons is not independent because he is a current employee of Fiserv. Our Meetings and Attendance During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the board of directors held fifteen meetings. During 2025, each director attended 75% or more of the aggregate number of meetings of the board of directors and the committees on which he or she served, in each case, while the director was on the board or such committees. Our non-management directors meet in executive session without management present at each regular meeting of the board of directors. These executive sessions are led by the chairman of the board, if not an employee, or the lead director, as appropriate. Directors are expected to attend each annual meeting of shareholders. All of the directors serving on the board at the time of our 2025 annual meeting of shareholders attended the meeting. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Organized Our Leadership We believe that strong independent leadership is essential for our board of directors to effectively perform its primary oversight functions. It is also important for the board to retain flexibility to determine its leadership structure based on the composition of the board, the individuals serving in leadership positions, and our performance as a company. Annual Review and Appointment . In accordance with our governance guidelines, our board of directors annually conducts an evaluation of its leadership structure and elects a chairman of the board, who may or may not be our chief executive officer, based on what it believes is in the best interests of our company and our shareholders. If the individual elected as chair is the chief executive officer or is otherwise an employee of our company, our governance guidelines provide that the non-employee directors will appoint a lead independent director. Independent Chairman of the Board . In 2025, the board determined to separate the roles of chairman and chief executive officer and appointed Mr. Simons as independent Chairman of the Board, effective May 6, 2025. Mr. Simons served in that capacity until his retirement from the board on January 1, 2026, on which date Gordon M. Nixon assumed the role of independent Chairman of the Board. In appointing Mr. Nixon as Chairman, the board considered his extensive experience as a global financial institution leader and strong background as a public company director. Robust Governance Practices . The board believes that our robust corporate governance practices, including a strong lead director or non-executive chair role, independent leadership of all board committees, and consistent board refreshment enables effective independent oversight. The significant majority of our directors are independent and all four of our standing board committees are chaired by independent directors and comprised fully of independent directors. The board will continue to annually review its leadership structure in light of the needs of the board and the company at such time. Our Committees Our board of directors has four standing committees: an audit committee; a nominating and corporate governance committee; a talent and compensation committee; and a risk committee. Each of these committees has the responsibilities set forth in written charters adopted by the board of directors. We make copies of these charters (along with our governance guidelines and code of conduct) available on our website at https://investors.fiserv.com/corporate-governance/documents-charters. Other than the text of the charters, we are not including the information contained on or available through our website as a part of, or incorporating such information by reference into, this proxy statement. More information regarding each committee s risk oversight responsibilities can be found below under How We Govern Risk Oversight. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Mr. Gopal (Chair) Committee Rotation. In 2025, Mr. de Castro was appointed to the committee and Mr. Gopal rotated to the talent and compensation committee. On January 1, 2026, Ms. Yarkoni was appointed to the committee, Mr. Gopal was reappointed to the committee as chair and Mr. Fritz rotated to the talent and compensation committee. Primary Responsibilities. The nominating and corporate governance committee assists the board of directors to identify, evaluate and recommend potential director nominees and annually reviews the size, structure, composition and functioning of the board and its committees including committee rotation and leadership. The committee is also responsible for corporate governance matters. Mr. de Castro Ms. Mamilli Ms. Yarkoni Number of Meetings held in 2025: 5 22 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Organized Audit Committee Mr. Shedlin (Chair) Committee Rotation. In 2025, Ms. Cohen was appointed to the committee and Mr. de Castro rotated to the nominating and corporate governance committee. On January 1, 2026, Mr. Shedlin and Ms. Duf tel were appointed to the committee, with Mr. Shedlin assuming the role of chair, and Ms. Yarkoni rotated to the nominating and corporate governance committee. Primary Responsibilities. The audit committee s primary role is to provide independent review and oversight of our financial reporting processes and consolidated financial statements, system of internal controls, audit process and results of operations and financial condition. The audit committee is directly and solely responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, termination and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm and establishing, and periodically reviewing and approving, procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal control or auditing matters. Audit Committee Financial Experts and Report. The board of directors has determined that Messrs. Shedlin, DiSimone and Fritz and Mses. Cohen and Duf tel are audit committee financial experts, as that term is used in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The report of the audit committee can be found on page 79 . Ms. Cohen Mr. DiSimone Ms. Duf tel Mr. Fritz Number of Meetings held in 2025: 8 Talent and Compensation Committee Mr. Fritz (Chair) Committee Rotation . In 2025, Mr. Gopal was appointed to the committee. On January 1, 2026, Messrs. Fritz and Shedlin were appointed to the committee, with Mr. Fritz assuming the role of chair. Primary Responsibilities. The talent and compensation committee determines and implements compensation policies and programs designed to create long-term value for our shareholders, including reviewing and approving executive officer compensation, and overseeing our human capital management strategy. CD A and Report of the Committee. Additional information regarding the talent and compensation committee and our named executive officer compensation is provided below under the heading Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The report of the talent and compensation committee can be found on page 55 . Mr. de Castro Mr. Gopal Mr. Shedlin Number of Meetings held in 2025: 6 Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Govern Risk Committee Ms. Mamilli (Chair) Committee Rotation. In 2025, Ms. Cohen was appointed to the committee and Ms. Mamilli assumed the role of chair. On January 1, 2026, Ms. Duf tel was appointed to the committee and Mr. Gopal rotated to the nominating and corporate governance committee. Primary Responsibilities. The risk committee is responsible for oversight of key company risks, including cybersecurity, risk appetite, risk governance structure, regulatory exams, risk management and other risk matters. Ms. Cohen Mr. DiSimone Ms. Duf tel Ms. Yarkoni Number of Meetings held in 2025: 5 How We Govern The board of directors is responsible for providing advice and oversight of the strategic and operational direction of the company to support our shareholders long-term interests. Strategic Oversight Our board is responsible for reviewing management s strategic and financial plans. The board also monitors corporate performance against those plans including overseeing operating results on a regular basis. At least quarterly, the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, the co-presidents of each business segment and other members of management provide detailed business and strategy updates to our board. At these quarterly meetings, our directors engage with the senior leadership team and other members of management regarding, among other topics: business objectives; financial and operating performance; competitive landscape; product and technology; capital allocation plan; and potential acquisitions, investments, and partnerships. In addition, the board dedicates one meeting annually to strategic planning where it reviews the company s long-term business plans and opportunities. Our board is also responsible for planning management succession and monitoring and encouraging ethical behavior and compliance with laws, regulations and corporate policies. Risk Oversight Our management is responsible for managing risk, and our board is responsible for overseeing management. To discharge this responsibility, the board seeks to be informed about the risks we face so that it may evaluate actual and potential risks and understand how management is addressing such risks. To this end, the board, as a whole and through its committees, regularly engages with management and outside advisors about the risks we face. Risk Management Approach We maintain an enterprise risk management (ERM) program with a top risk register and structured risk assessment process that supports strategic planning and decision making. As part of our ERM program, for each category of risk, we determine an appropriate risk appetite. We consider the risk levels of our top risks and our ability to manage those risks through mitigating controls, such that the management of significant risks can be prioritized. On an ongoing basis, we identify, categorize, assess, respond to, and monitor risks, escalating mitigation efforts as needed. We consider the ways in which risks may affect our business by measuring the impact of those risks against a consistent set of criteria, which include the potential impact to our operations, our financial performance, compliance and legal, our reputation, and our business strategy. Response plans are developed for residual risks that are above the acceptable tolerance level. The board of directors believes that its current leadership structure best positions it to oversee the risks faced by the company today based on the company s operations and strategic goals and the qualifications and skills of our 24 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Govern directors. All members of our board apart from our chief executive officer are independent and all four of our standing board committees are chaired by independent directors. Our non-executive chairman of the board has a robust set of responsibilities under our governance guidelines that enable him to provide an independent perspective on significant matters, including the management of risk. The board of directors and its committees provide oversight of risk within the scope of their respective responsibilities, including those described below. Board of Directors Maintains primary oversight of strategic, operational, and financial risks Receives information regarding our financial performance and condition from our chief executive officer and chief financial officer to understand and address current and emerging risks Discusses with senior management and other business leaders our business strategy, operations and results, as well as developments in our industry, to enable the board to evaluate competitive and operational risks Risk Committee Reviews and discusses with management key risks, including cybersecurity, business continuity, resiliency, technology, artificial intelligence, privacy and data management, credit, settlement, liquidity, third-party, regulatory compliance, and market risk, including product, geography and competition risks Annually reviews, jointly with the audit committee, our ERM program, including the identification of top risks Regularly reviews and approves a list of top enterprise risks, an enterprise risk appetite statement, and the tolerance levels for board-level risk metrics Reviews and discusses with management the risk appetite relating to top risks, as well as the guidelines, policies and processes for monitoring and mitigating such risks Reviews and discusses with management the risk governance structure and the guidelines, policies and processes regarding risk assessment and management Reviews and discusses with management relevant regulatory exams, findings from such exams, and the status of the remediation of any such findings Monitors the performance of the risk management function Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Working closely with management and the board, oversees management of risks associated with director succession, independence, and conflicts of interest, as well as regulatory risks related to our corporate governance programs and policies Oversees our corporate social responsibility programs, policies, stakeholder engagement, and reporting, including identifying, evaluating and monitoring related trends, opportunities and risks Oversees our public policy activities and, at least annually, reviews our political contributions and expenditures and political expenditure policy Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Govern Talent and Compensation Committee Oversees management of risks relating to our human capital strategy, including with respect to talent including recruiting, development, and retention and culture Reviews the design and implementation of our compensation programs and policies and the administration of our incentive plans to manage compensation-related risk Evaluates risk relating to our succession planning for senior management Oversees regulatory compliance with respect to compensation matters Audit Committee Monitors our significant internal control process, including the process of preparing interim and annual financial results, disclosure controls and procedures, corporate audit function and periodic review and approval of our code of conduct and business ethics Meets with our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief legal officer and other members of management, as appropriate, in connection with our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, earnings press releases, and other corporate communications containing material financial and risk-related disclosures Oversees our chief audit executive and the independent registered public accounting firm and monitors risks related to financial reporting matters, including tax, accounting, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting Annually reviews, jointly with the risk committee, our ERM program and top risks Oversees legal and regulatory matters that may have a material impact on our financial statements, material litigation, and reports or evidence of material violations of the law or our code of conduct or fraud Board Role in Succession Planning Our board believes it is critical to have strong and effective leadership, and regularly considers chief executive officer and management succession plans. We have a strong internal bench of executive leaders and the board has regular and direct exposure to the members of our management committee and high-potential senior leaders at each regular board meeting. In 2024, our directors focused on the succession process, developing key attributes and skills of a chief executive officer, and discussing candidates and development initiatives. With this strong foundation, in 2025, the directors were able to quickly select Mr. Lyons as our new chief executive officer. Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons We have adopted a written policy requiring that any related person transaction that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act be reviewed and approved by our audit committee or, if the audit committee is not able to review the transaction for any reason, a majority of our disinterested directors. Compensation matters regarding our executive officers or directors are reviewed and approved by our talent and compensation committee. The policy also provides that, at least annually, any ongoing, previously approved related person transaction is to be reviewed by the body that originally approved the transaction: to ensure that it is being pursued in accordance with all of the understandings and commitments made at the time that it was previously approved; to ensure that the commitments being made with respect to such transaction are appropriately reviewed and documented; and to affirm the continuing desirability of and need for the related person arrangement. 26 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Paid All relevant factors with respect to a proposed related person transaction will be considered, and such a transaction will only be approved if it is in our and our shareholders best interests or, if an alternate standard of review is imposed by applicable laws, statutes, governing documents or listing standards, if such alternate standard of review is satisfied. In 2025, Sam Lituchy, an employee of the company and in-law of Mr. Bisignano, received base salary of $306,000 and restricted stock units having a grant date fair value of $458,049. He was also eligible to participate in our employee benefit plans generally available to other employees. How We Are Paid Objectives for Director Compensation Qualified non-employee directors are critical to our success. We believe that the primary duties of non-employee directors are to effectively represent the long-term interests of our shareholders and to provide guidance to management. Our compensation program for non-employee directors is designed to meet several key objectives: Compensate directors for the responsibilities and time commitments required as directors of a public company Attract the highest caliber non-employee directors by offering compensation that is consistent with that of our peers Align the interests of our directors and shareholders by providing a significant portion of compensation in equity and requiring directors to own our stock Provide compensation that is simple and transparent to shareholders and reflects corporate governance best practices Where possible, provide flexibility in form and timing of payments The talent and compensation committee of the board of directors reviews non-employee director compensation every other year and considers our financial and strategic performance, general market conditions and non-employee director compensation at the peer group companies set forth below under Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis Determining and Structuring Compensation Peer Group. Elements of 2025 Director Compensation Our 2025 non-employee director compensation program is summarized below: Element of Compensation 2025 Annual Equity Award $230,000 Board Fee 100,000 Chairman Fee 150,000 Committee Fee 15,000 Committee Chair Fee Nominating and Corporate Governance; Risk; Talent and Compensation 20,000 Audit 25,000 Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Paid Upon being elected or re-elected as a director, each non-employee director receives such number of restricted stock units as is determined by dividing $230,000 by the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. The chairman fee is paid half in cash and half in restricted stock units. Upon being elected or re-elected as chairman, as payment of one half of the chairman fee, the chairman receives such number of restricted stock units as is determined by dividing $75,000 by the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. Committee chair fees are in addition to the base committee fees and the chairman fee is in addition to the standard board fee and annual equity grant. Restricted stock units vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or immediately prior to the first annual meeting of shareholders following the grant date. All cash fees are payable quarterly in arrears and may be subject to deferral elections. Committee fees are payable with respect to each committee on which a director serves. Stock Ownership Requirements Under our stock ownership policy, non-employee directors are required to accumulate, within five years after joining the board, and hold our common stock having a market value of $1,320,000, four times (4x) the sum of the standard annual board cash fee plus the value of the standard annual equity award. As of the June 30, 2025 valuation date, all non-employee directors were in compliance with the policy. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan We maintain a non-employee director deferred compensation plan that provides directors with flexibility in managing their compensation and promotes alignment with the interests of our shareholders. Each non-employee director may defer up to 100% of his or her cash fees, and based on his or her deferral election, the director is credited with a number of deferred share units at the time he or she would have otherwise received the fees being deferred. Each non-employee director also may defer receipt of up to 100% of shares due upon vesting of restricted stock units. Based on his or her election, the director is credited with one deferred share unit for the receipt of each such share that is deferred. Deferred share units are equivalent to shares of our common stock but have no voting rights. Upon cessation of service on the board, the director receives one share of our common stock for each deferred share unit. Deferred share units credited to a director s account are considered awards granted under the Amended and Restated Fiserv, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan and count against that plan s share reserve. 28 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How We Are Paid 2025 Director Compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Total ($) Gordon M. Nixon (3) Stephanie E. Cohen (4) 98,400 268,096 366,496 Henrique de Castro (4) 130,000 230,110 360,110 Harry F. DiSimone (4) 137,363 230,110 367,473 C line Duf tel (3) Lance M. Fritz (4) 142,637 230,110 372,747 Ajei S. Gopal (4) 130,000 230,110 360,110 Wafaa Mamilli (4) 142,637 230,110 372,747 Gary S. Shedlin (3) Charlotte B. Yarkoni (4) 130,000 230,110 360,110 Former Directors Heidi G. Miller (5) 55,632 55,632 Doyle R. Simons (5)(6) 199,038 305,295 504,333 Kevin M. Warren (4)(5) 155,000 230,110 385,110 (1) This column includes fees earned or paid in cash during 2025, including the following amounts that were deferred under our non-employee director deferred compensation plan: Mr. de Castro $130,000; Mr. DiSimone $137,363; Mr. Fritz $142,637; Mr. Gopal $130,000; Ms. Mamilli $142,637; Ms. Yarkoni $130,000; Ms. Miller $55,632; and Mr. Simons $199,038. (2) We granted each non-employee director re-elected at our 2025 annual meeting of shareholders such number of restricted stock units determined by dividing $230,000 by $189.86, the closing price of our common stock on May 14, 2025, the date of grant, rounded up to the next whole restricted stock unit. Accordingly, each non-employee director received 1,212 restricted stock units. On that date, we also granted Mr. Simons, as our chairman, such number of restricted stock units determined by dividing $75,000 by $189.86, rounded up to the next whole restricted stock unit. Accordingly, Mr. Simons received an additional 396 restricted stock units. Ms. Cohen joined our board on March 15, 2025, and we granted her 177 restricted stock units, representing a pro rata number based on the number of days between the date of her appointment and May 14, 2025, the date of the next annual meeting of shareholders, and using the closing price of our common stock on March 15, 2025 of $214.61. All restricted stock units granted in 2025 vest 100% on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or immediately prior to the first annual meeting of shareholders following the grant date. The dollar amount shown in the table is the grant date fair value of the award. Information about the assumptions that we used to determine the fair value of equity awards is set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K in Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. (3) Mr. Nixon, Ms. Duf tel and Mr. Shedlin joined our board in 2026 and did not receive compensation in 2025. (4) As of December 31, 2025, each of Ms. Cohen, Mr. de Castro, Mr. DiSimone, Mr. Fritz, Mr. Gopal, Ms. Mamilli, Ms. Yarkoni and Mr. Warren held 1,212 unvested restricted stock units. (5) Ms. Miller s term as a director ended at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, and Messrs. Simons and Warren resigned from the board effective as of January 1, 2026. (6) As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Simons held 9,466 options to purchase shares of our common stock, all of which were vested, and 1,608 unvested restricted stock units. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors How to Communicate with Us How to Communicate with Us Shareholders and any other interested party may communicate with our board of directors, non-management or independent directors as a group, or individual directors, including our chairman, by submitting communications in writing to us at 600 N. Vel R. Phillips Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53203, Attention: Eric C. Nelson, Secretary. Shareholders and any other interested party may also contact us by e-mail through our investor relations department at investor.relations@fiserv.com. Communications addressed to the board of directors, non-management or independent directors as a group, or individual directors, including our chairman, other than business solicitations or similar communications, will be provided to our board of directors, such group of directors, or individual directors, as applicable. 30 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation Background We are conducting a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act (commonly referred to as Say-on-Pay ). Our shareholders previously expressed a preference that we hold Say-on-Pay votes on an annual basis, and our board of directors accordingly determined to hold Say-on-Pay votes every year until the next required advisory vote on the frequency of future Say-on-Pay votes. Pay-for-Performance Philosophy and Key Compensation Actions for 2025 Our talent and compensation committee seeks to structure compensation that incentivizes our leaders to strive for market-leading performance, which we expect will translate into long-term value for our shareholders and is balanced by the risk of lower performance-based compensation when we do not meet our performance objectives. Executive officer compensation is primarily variable and in the form of equity. The annual compensation payable to our named executive officers is primarily variable and in the form of equity. Annual incentive awards are based on financial performance objectives. Annual incentive awards to our named executive officers are based on performance against established financial performance objectives. Our performance share units have rigorous total shareholder return and financial performance goals. Shares subject to the performance share units vest based on attainment of relative total shareholder return and achievement of financial performance goals. For the relative total shareholder return component, above-median performance at the 55 th percentile relative to the S P 500 is required for target level vesting and payouts are capped at target if our absolute total shareholder return over the three-year period is negative. Clawback Policy. We maintain a robust compensation recoupment policy that complies with Securities and Exchange Commission rules and the Nasdaq listing standards and that contains recovery rights beyond the base requirements, including where there is a restatement of our operating or financial results, a violation of our code of conduct or the law, or non-compliance with restrictive covenants. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation Our Policies We have a stock ownership policy that requires our chief executive officer to maintain a level of stock ownership equal to 12x his base salary and each named executive officer to own 4x their base salary. We prohibit hedging and pledging of stock by named executive officers. We maintain a comprehensive compensation clawback policy. We encourage shareholders to review the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement as well as the tabular and narrative disclosure under the heading Executive Compensation. We believe that our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and incentivize management and align pay with performance, driving long-term value creation and reflecting the views of shareholders. Our executive compensation program was supported by shareholders at the 2025 annual meeting with 91% of votes cast in favor of our Say-on-Pay proposal. The adjustments to the long-term compensation program for 2026 demonstrate our continued commitment to align the program with shareholder feedback, and provide alignment on the company s transformation goals and strategic imperatives. Proposed Resolution The board endorses the compensation of our named executive officers and recommends that you vote in favor of the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the shareholders hereby approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the company s named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis and in the tabular and narrative disclosures under the heading Executive Compensation . Vote Required, Effect of Vote and Recommendation of the Board of Directors To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement, the number of votes cast for the proposal must exceed the number of votes cast against the proposal. Unless otherwise specified, the proxies solicited hereby will be voted in favor of this proposal. While the vote is advisory and will not be binding upon the board or the talent and compensation committee, the talent and compensation committee will carefully consider the outcome of the vote when considering future executive compensation decisions to the extent it can determine the cause or causes of any significant negative voting results. For The board of directors recommends that you vote For Proposal 2. 32 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Letter from the Talent and Compensation Committee Letter from the Talent and Compensation Committee Dear Fellow Shareholders, As members of the talent and compensation committee, we are committed to maintaining a compensation program that aligns with shareholder interests, reinforces pay-for-performance, and supports the attraction and retention of a strong leadership team capable of delivering long-term value. In 2025, the company executed a strategic reset and implemented a series of executive leadership transitions. Given the circumstances faced by the committee in connection with compensation actions during the year, we believe it is important to provide additional context regarding our priorities and perspectives that informed these decisions, as reflected in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ). To support effective oversight, the composition of our committee has continued to evolve. In this regard, in 2026, Lance Fritz assumed the role of committee chair and Gary Shedlin and Ajei Gopal joined the committee. Compensation Program Enhancements In 2025, the company launched the One Fiserv action plan designed to drive sustainable, long-term growth and position the company for future success. As part of this strategic plan, and in response to feedback from our shareholders regarding the structure of our compensation program, the committee reviewed the performance metrics and weightings used in our incentive plans to further align them with the company s strategic priorities. These changes are intended to strengthen the link between compensation outcomes and disciplined execution, operational excellence, and long-term value creation. Additional details are provided below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Shareholder Engagement. Leadership Alignment with Strategic Priorities Over the past year, our executive leadership team experienced significant change, with several leaders either new to Fiserv or stepping into new or expanded roles. Michael Lyons assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer, and, in coordination with the Board, Mr. Lyons made several changes to the senior leadership team and organizational structure to better position the company for long-term success. These actions were designed to enhance client focus and align leadership responsibilities with the company s strategic priorities. Executive compensation decisions in the past year reflect these transitions and the actions the management team and Board have collectively taken to position the leadership team to execute the company s strategy, advance operational and client service priorities, and deliver sustainable value for shareholders. Consistent with our long-standing compensation philosophy of emphasizing pay for performance and alignment with shareholder interests, the majority of executive compensation continues to be delivered through equity- and performance-based awards. Compensation decisions made in connection with these appointments of new leaders were intended to support the attraction and retention of critical talent and align leadership incentives with the company s strategy during this transformative period, including the need to replace compensation forfeited from prior employers by our new management team upon joining Fiserv. These arrangements are discussed in greater detail in the CD A. The committee also focused on leadership retention and stability. In this context, the committee approved a supplemental, non-recurring equity award for certain executives, including a supplemental equity award for Mr. Lyons in early 2026 consisting of restricted stock units and performance stock units. These awards reflect the board s recognition of the importance of the leadership team in executing key strategic initiatives, including the One Fiserv action plan, and are intended to promote long-term retention and alignment with shareholder value. The structure of the award directly aligns incentive opportunities with absolute and relative shareholder returns over the long-term, reinforcing accountability for sustained performance. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Letter from the Talent and Compensation Committee Ongoing Oversight and Priorities The committee remains focused on thoughtful oversight of the compensation program as the company executes on its go-forward strategy. We believe the actions taken by this committee appropriately balanced the need for leadership continuity during a period of change with our commitment to shareholder alignment. We appreciate the ongoing dialogue with shareholders and value the perspectives shared, which continue to inform our approach. Sincerely, Lance M. Fritz (Chair) Henrique de Castro Ajei S. Gopal Gary S. Shedlin 34 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) addresses compensation for our named executive officers for 2025, including the following named executive officers currently serving as executive officers: Named Executive Officer Title Michael P. Lyons Chief Executive Officer Paul M. Todd Chief Financial Officer Panagiotis (Takis) Georgakopoulos Co-President Dhivya Suryadevara Co-President Adam L. Rosman Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer This CD A also includes information regarding the following former executive officers, who are included as named executive officers for 2025 in accordance with SEC rules; however, they are either no longer with the company or their role with the company has changed: - Frank J. Bisignano, Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer - Guy Chiarello, Former Chief Operating Officer - John Gibbons, Former Co-Head of Financial Institutions Group - Robert W. Hau, Former Chief Financial Officer Mr. Bisignano and Mr. Hau are included as named executive officers for 2025 because they served as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively, for a portion of 2025. Mr. Chiarello and Mr. Gibbons are included as named executive officers for 2025 as individuals who each would have been one of our three most highly compensated executive officers (other than the principal executive officer and principal financial officer) but for the fact that each was not serving as an executive officer at the end of 2025. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In this proxy statement, we discuss financial measures that are referred to as non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted revenue, adjusted revenue for incentive compensation, adjusted revenue growth, organic revenue, organic revenue growth, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, free cash flow conversion, free cash flow per share, and free cash flow per share growth. See Appendix A to this proxy statement for more information regarding these unaudited non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, including a discussion of how adjusted revenue for incentive compensation and adjusted operating income is calculated from GAAP revenue. Strategy Update In October 2025, we launched the One Fiserv action plan to enhance focus on delivering great client service, value-added technology solutions and leading innovation. As a leading Fintech company, we have the size, scale and suite of innovative products, networks and platforms to capitalize on the rapidly evolving finance and commerce landscape, and these actions will better position the company to drive sustainable, high-quality growth. The One Fiserv strategic pillars are: Operating with a client-first mindset to win new enterprise clients and grow average revenue per client Building the pre-eminent small business operating platform through Clover Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis Creating differentiated, innovative platforms in finance and commerce, including embedded finance and stablecoin Delivering operational excellence through Project Elevate, our new multi-year transformation agenda powered by artificial intelligence Employing disciplined capital allocation for the long-term Leadership Updates A number of leadership updates were made in 2025, including the appointment of Mr. Lyons as our new Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Lyons was appointed President and CEO-Elect effective January 27, 2025, and served in that position until he assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer on May 6, 2025. In coordination with the board, Mr. Lyons made changes to our senior leadership team in 2025. Effective October 31, 2025, the company appointed Paul M. Todd as Chief Financial Officer. Effective December 1, 2025, the company appointed Takis Georgakopoulos and Dhivya Suryadevara as Co-Presidents. Shareholder Engagement Our investor relations team and members of senior management regularly communicate with our shareholders, including in connection with quarterly earnings calls, analyst meetings, and investor and industry conferences. In addition, members of senior management engage with shareholders regarding corporate governance and related matters throughout the year to understand their priorities and areas of focus. Prior to our annual meeting of shareholders in May 2025, we conducted select shareholder engagement focused on leadership changes, board refreshment, and compensation related matters. In late 2025 and early 2026, we conducted shareholder engagement focused on company performance, executive and board leadership changes, board refreshment, and compensation related matters. We extended invitations to meet with shareholders collectively owning over 50% of our outstanding shares and engaged with shareholders collectively owning nearly 30% of our shares. Mr. Fritz, as then-chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee, participated in a significant majority of these meetings. Feedback received from these discussions helped inform enhancements to our executive compensation program and compensation- and governance-related disclosures. During these discussions, shareholders expressed positive views regarding leadership additions and board refreshment. Shareholders also expressed support for continued use of equity-based awards as a significant component of our compensation program and our focus on aligning compensation with the interests of our shareholders and long-term value creation. Shareholders emphasized the importance of aligning compensation metrics with strategy to support long-term sustainable growth. In consideration of this feedback, our talent and compensation committee reviewed our compensation mix and incentive metrics to maximize alignment to our go-forward action plan and pay-for-performance philosophy. As a result, we updated our annual cash incentive plan for executive officers for 2026 with metrics focused on adjusted revenue for incentive compensation, adjusted operating margin, and the One Fiserv action plan, each weighted equally. We also amended our annual performance share unit design for our management committee for 2026 with metrics of relative total shareholder return ( TSR ), adjusted revenue growth, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow conversion, with relative TSR and adjusted earnings per share each weighted at 30% and adjusted revenue growth and free cash flow conversion each weighted at 20%. These changes align our compensation program with shareholder feedback, the broader market, and our strategic goals. We continue to award the majority of executive officer compensation in equity and set incentive targets designed to appropriately challenge and motivate performance that supports long-term shareholder value creation. For the relative TSR component, performance above median is required for target-level vesting and payouts are capped at target if our absolute TSR over the three-year period is negative. 36 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Compensation Practices Our compensation program is designed to create long-term value for our shareholders by rewarding performance and sustainable growth. Our talent and compensation committee seeks to structure compensation that incentivizes our leaders to strive for market-leading performance, which we expect will translate into long-term value for our shareholders and is balanced by the risk of lower performance-based compensation when we do not meet our performance objectives. What We Do Pay for Performance. Named executive officer compensation is primarily variable and delivered in the form of long-term incentive equity awards, at least half of which are performance share units. Performance Share Units. We grant performance share units that vest based on the achievement of three-year absolute and relative performance goals. Performance Metrics. Annual cash incentive payments are based on quantitative financial performance objectives and strategic priorities which are established by the talent and compensation committee at the beginning of each year. Rigorous Total Shareholder Return Goal. In 2025, forty percent (40%) of the performance share units granted as incentive compensation vest based on our relative total shareholder return over a three-year performance period as compared to the S P 500 Index. These performance share units only vest at target for above-median performance, and the number of shares issued is capped at the target amount if our absolute total shareholder return over the three-year period is negative. Double-Trigger Change of Control Benefits. In the event of a change of control, our executive officers will only receive a cash severance payment and vesting of unvested restricted stock units, stock options and performance share units upon a qualifying termination following the change of control. Robust Stock Ownership. We have a stock ownership policy that requires our executive officers and directors to own a significant amount of Fiserv equity to further align their long-term interests with those of our shareholders. Chief executive officer twelve times (12x) his annual base salary Other executive officers four times (4x) their respective annual base salaries Directors four times (4x) the sum of the annual board cash fee and equity award value Clawback Policy. We maintain a compensation recoupment, or clawback, policy which fully complies with Securities and Exchange Commission rules and Nasdaq listing standards. In addition to the mandatory recoupment, the policy permits recoupment of all types of compensation (including but not limited to time-vesting equity awards as well as performance-based equity awards) other than base salary or base fees for a restatement of our operating or financial results, a violation of our code of conduct or the law, or non-compliance with restrictive covenants, among other circumstances. What We Don t Do No Hedging or Pledging. We have a policy that prohibits our directors and executive officers from hedging or pledging Fiserv stock. No Pensions. We do not provide separate pension programs or a supplemental executive retirement plan to our executive officers. No Gross- Ups. We generally do not have tax gross-up arrangements with our executive officers. Calculation of Share Ownership. Performance share units do not count toward meeting our stock ownership requirements. No Employment Agreements. No executive officers have employment agreements with a term. No Option Repricing. Our equity plan prohibits the repricing or backdating of stock options and the cancellation of underwater stock options in exchange for a cash payment or the issuance of other securities by us to the award holder. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis Determining and Structuring Compensation Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The goal of our executive compensation program is the same as our goal for operating our company: to create long-term value for our shareholders and clients. To this end, we design our compensation program to incentivize and reward our executive officers for sustained financial, operating, and strategic performance; to align their interests with those of our shareholders; and to encourage them to remain with the company for long and productive careers. Our talent and compensation committee also seeks to structure compensation that is balanced by the risk of lower performance-based compensation when we do not meet our performance objectives. Shareholder Advisory Votes on Named Executive Officer Compensation At our 2025 annual meeting, our shareholders approved, by approximately 91% of the votes cast, the compensation of the named executive officers in our 2025 Proxy Statement. Our talent and compensation committee considered the strong results of the advisory vote in designing our executive compensation program and determining named executive officer compensation. Components of Compensation The principal elements of compensation that we provide to our named executive officers are base salary, annual cash incentive awards and long-term equity incentive awards. We seek to increase the percentage of total pay that is at risk as executive officers move to greater levels of responsibility in the company and thus have a more direct impact on company results. We intend to structure the target compensation of executive officers so that they receive a significant portion of their compensation in the form of equity to further align our executive officers interests with those of our shareholders. Type Element Description Purpose Annual Compensation Base Salary Fixed annual amount Determined by the talent and compensation committee based on market data, scope of responsibilities, market value of experience, overall effectiveness and, except in the case of our chief executive officer, the recommendation of our chief executive officer Provides the named executive officer with a competitive level of income security Annual Cash Incentive Annual award based on quantitative financial performance objectives and strategic priorities which are established by the talent and compensation committee Ensures a significant portion of compensation is at risk and payable based on formulaic performance against financial objectives Motivates named executive officers to achieve annual financial results that, in turn, further our achievement of long-term objectives Long-Term Compensation Performance Share Units Equity grants for which the number of shares earned is determined by the achievement of relative and absolute performance goals over a multi-year period Incentivizes the achievement of long-term performance objectives to align our named executive officers economic interests with those of our shareholders Restricted Stock Units Equity grants that vest over a period of several years where the ultimate value depends on our share price Promotes retention and further aligns the interests of our named executive officers and shareholders 38 | Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis When making equity award decisions, we do not consider existing equity ownership because we do not want to discourage executive officers from holding significant amounts of our common stock. We also do not review realized compensation from prior equity awards when making current compensation decisions. If the value of equity awards granted in prior years increases significantly in future years, we do not believe that this positive development should impact current compensation decisions. Determining Compensation The Talent and Compensation Committee s Role The talent and compensation committee of the board of directors is responsible for, among other things: Approving executive officer compensation including the design and related performance goals specific to short- and long-term incentive awards relevant to their compensation Approving compensation programs and plans in which our executive officers participate Discharging administrator responsibilities conferred to the committee by our equity incentive plans Approving severance or similar termination payments to executive officers With respect to executive officers, at the beginning of each year, the talent and compensation committee approves cash incentive payments based on achievement of applicable performance goals, grants long-term incentive awards in the form of equity, sets base salaries and approves cash incentive and performance share unit goals and targets. Compensation for new executive officers results from arm s-length negotiations. Management s Role Our chief executive officer annually completes a self-appraisal of his performance. For 2025, his appraisal focused on transition management, operational excellence, financial results, stakeholder engagement, strategy and talent development. The appraisal is provided to all directors, who each provide their perspective with respect to chief executive officer performance to the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Director input is then compiled and shared with the full board. The talent and compensation committee considers the annual review and director feedback when determining compensation. Our chief executive officer does not attend the portion of any talent and compensation committee meeting during which the committee deliberates on matters related specifically to his compensation. Management compiles market data and information to make recommendations to the talent and compensation committee regarding compensation matters. In addition, our chief executive officer makes recommendations to the talent and compensation committee concerning the compensation of executive officers other than himself. Consultant s Role The talent and compensation committee engaged Pay Governance, LLC ( Pay Governance ) as a compensation consultant for 2025. Pay Governance advised the committee regarding director and executive officer compensation, including the compensation package, design, and supplemental awards for our new chief executive officer and other executive officers, market practice on retirement provisions under equity plans, retention programs, and performance share unit design, and assisted the committee in its evaluation of amendments to the compensation peer group and succession planning. Pay Governance also provided the company with market compensation data and analysis, assistance with tally sheet calculations and assistance with certain proxy statement-related calculations. Management used the market data provided by Pay Governance as one point of consideration in formulating recommendations to the committee regarding compensation matters, and the committee used such data as a reference in assessing chief executive officer compensation. The committee reviewed Pay Governance s work and its policies and procedures regarding independence and concluded that Pay Governance was able to provide independent advice regarding executive compensation matters during its engagement. Fiserv, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement | 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Pay Compensation Discussion and Analysis Peer Group In setting compensation levels for our executive officers, the talent and compensation committee considers, among other things, the compensation of similarly situated executives at companies in our peer group by reviewing publicly available proxy and survey data regarding co