=== MU_2025-10-03.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, this section discusses important factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us. The order of presentation is not necessarily indicative of the level of risk that each factor poses to us. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry • volatility in average selling prices of our products; • a range of factors that may adversely affect our gross margins; • our international operations, including geopolitical risks; • the highly competitive nature of our industry; • our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products; • realizing expected returns from capacity expansions; • achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and the compliance requirements associated with incentives from various governments; • availability and quality of materials, supplies, electrical power, gas, water, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers; • a downturn or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies; • disruptions to our manufacturing process from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events; • dependency on certain customers, including international customers, and end markets; • products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are incompatible with end uses; • breaches of our security systems or products, systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions of our systems or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners; • uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of AI; • attracting, retaining, and motivating highly skilled employees; • responsible sourcing requirements and related regulations; • sustainability and governance expectations or standards; • acquisitions and/or strategic transactions; and • restructure plans may not realize expected savings or other benefits. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation • protecting our intellectual property and retaining key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property; • legal, regulatory and administrative investigations, inquiries, proceedings, and claims; and • claims that our products or manufacturing processes infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others or failure to obtain or renew license agreements covering such intellectual property. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations • impacts of government actions and compliance with tariffs, trade restrictions, and/or trade regulations; • tax expense and tax laws in key jurisdictions; and • compliance with laws, regulations, or industry standards, including environmental considerations. Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets • our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing; • our debt obligations; • changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • counterparty default risk; • volatility in the trading price of our common stock; and • fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our common stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends and resulting impacts. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry Volatility in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory and storage products may adversely affect our business. We have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. In the past five years, annual percentage changes in DRAM average selling prices have ranged from plus low 40% to a minus high 40% range. In the past five years, annual percentage changes in NAND average selling prices have ranged from plus low 30% to a minus low 50% range. In some prior periods, average selling prices for our products have been below our manufacturing costs and we may experience such circumstances in the future. In periods of significant declines in average selling prices for our products, we have experienced adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Significant declines in average selling prices in future periods could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our gross margins may be adversely affected by a range of factors. In addition to the impact of our average selling prices, our gross margins are dependent, in part, upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce our per gigabit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins include, but are not limited to: • strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix; • increasing complexity of our product portfolio, which may impact operational costs; • increasing complexity of manufacturing processes; • difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies or additional 3D memory layers or NAND cell levels; • process complexity including number of mask layers and fabrication steps; • manufacturing yield and defect density; • technological barriers; • changes in process technologies; • new products that may require relatively larger die sizes or advanced packaging technologies; • start-up or other costs associated with capacity expansions; • regional cost differences that may become more pronounced when we transition the manufacture of certain products within our global network; • higher costs of goods and services due to, among other things, inflationary pressures, regulatory actions, including tariffs or trade restrictions, increased input costs, or market conditions; and • higher manufacturing costs per gigabit due to fabrication facility underutilization, lower wafer output, and insufficient volume to run new technology nodes to achieve cost optimization. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which have in the past and could in the future lead to underutilization of our production assets. These factors may include, among others, a weak demand environment, industry oversupply, inventory surpluses, difficulties in ramping emerging technologies, supply chain disruptions, and delays from equipment suppliers. A significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. As a result, lower utilization, lower wafer output, and corresponding increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs could result in higher inventory carrying costs, and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition. We operate in a dynamic and rapidly evolving industry where the timeframes for product transitions, facility expansions, production ramps, and supply chain shifts are increasingly compressed. To remain competitive, we must continuously develop and implement new products and technologies and decrease manufacturing costs in spite of inflationary pressures and regulatory uncertainty. As we streamline our production and shift capacity to leading-edge nodes, we face execution risks that could impact our ability to meet customer demand and maintain market coverage. 23 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents There can be no assurance we will be able to do the following: • timely identify and address technology inflections and market changes; • accurately forecast demand and inventory levels of our customers or distributors; • timely ramp production as we transition our operations footprint to new fabrication facilities; • maintain operational flexibility in response to unforeseen changes in customer demand; and • maintain supply scalability during downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete as we streamline our product portfolio to drive further fabrication efficiencies. Our ability to execute on multiple transitions simultaneously, while maintaining supply continuity, quality standards, and cost competitiveness, is critical to sustaining our market position. If we do not successfully anticipate technology inflections and respond to changes in customer requirements and market changes, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Any misalignment between forecasted and actual demand, or delays in ramping new technologies, could result in elevated inventory levels, underutilized capacity, and gross margin pressure. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers’ needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. Our manufacturing costs on a per gigabit basis vary across our portfolio as they are largely influenced by the technology node in which the solution was developed. We strive to balance our demand and supply for each technology node, but the dynamics of our markets and our customers can create periods of imbalance, which can lead us to carry elevated inventory levels and underutilized capacity. Consequently, we may incur charges in connection with obsolete or excess inventories, or we may not fully recover our costs, which would reduce our gross margins. In addition, due to the customized nature of certain products we manufacture, we may be unable to sell certain finished goods inventories to alternative customers or manufacture in-process inventory to different specifications, which may result in excess and obsolescence charges in future periods. In addition, if we are unable to supply products that meet customer design and performance specifications, we may be required to sell such products at lower average selling prices, which may reduce our gross margins. Our gross margins may also be impacted by shifts in product mix, driven by our strategy to optimize our portfolio to best respond to changing market dynamics. We may not be able to predict or quickly respond to trends in the dynamics of our markets and our customers or changes in customer demand, which could negatively impact our gross margin. Although AI is a relatively new demand driver for our products, it is evolving rapidly, and the expected timing and amount of investments related to AI can change significantly. As a result, it may be difficult to accurately forecast such demand and we may incur costs in anticipation of demand that ultimately does not materialize. If such demand does materialize, but is lower than expected, we may not be able to reduce our costs in response, which would adversely impact our gross margins. Our inability to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition to our U.S. operations, a substantial portion of our operations are conducted in Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, Malaysia, China, and India, and many of our customers, suppliers, and vendors also operate internationally. In 2025, approximately one-third of our revenue was from sales to customers who have headquarters located outside the United States, while approximately 80% of our revenue in 2025 was from products shipped to customer locations outside the United States. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including: • restrictions on sales of goods or services to one or more of our significant foreign customers; • export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds, including currency controls and global tariffs, which could negatively affect the amount and timing of payments from certain of our customers and, as a result, our cash flows; 24 Table of Contents • compliance with U.S. and international laws involving international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, sanctions and anti-corruption laws, export and import laws, intellectual property, cybersecurity and data privacy laws, and similar rules and regulations; • theft of intellectual property; • political and economic instability, including instability resulting from domestic and international conflicts; • government actions or civil unrest preventing the flow of products and materials, including delays in shipping and obtaining products and materials, cancellation of orders, or loss or damage of products; • public perception of governments in the regions where we operate; • problems with the transportation or delivery of products and materials; • issues arising from cultural or language differences and labor unrest; • longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; • compliance with trade, technical standards, and other laws in a variety of jurisdictions; • contractual and regulatory limitations on the ability to maintain flexibility with staffing levels; • disruptions to manufacturing or R&D activities as a result of actions imposed by governments; • changes in economic policies of foreign governments; • loss of market share in foreign jurisdictions resulting from political and regulatory uncertainty regarding possible trade restrictions, domestic sourcing initiatives, or other government actions; • difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and • public health issues. If we or our customers, suppliers, or vendors are impacted by any of these risks, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Following the May 2023 decision of its cybersecurity review of our products sold in China, the CAC determined that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products, impacting our revenue with companies headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, including direct sales as well as indirect sales through distributors. Further actions by the Chinese government, through CAC action or other means, could impact revenue inside or outside China, or our operations in China, or our ability to ship products to our customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, the U.S. government has in the past and continues to restrict American firms, including us, from selling products and software to certain of our customers and may in the future impose similar restrictions on one or more of our significant customers. We may not be able to fully prevent the unauthorized resale, diversion, or misuse of our products by third parties. These restrictions may not prohibit our competitors from selling similar products to our customers, which may result in a loss of sales and market share. Even as such restrictions are lifted, financial or other penalties or continuing export restrictions imposed with respect to our customers could have a continuing negative impact on our future revenue and results of operations, and we may not be able to recover any customers or market share we lose, or make such recoveries at acceptable average selling prices, while complying with such restrictions. Political, economic, or other actions may adversely affect our operations in Taiwan. A majority of our DRAM production output in 2025 was from our fabrication facilities in Taiwan, and any loss of output could have a material adverse effect on us. Any political, economic, or other actions may also adversely affect our customers and the technology industry supply chain, for which Taiwan is a central hub, and as a result, could have a material adverse impact on us. 25 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SK hynix Inc.; Kioxia Holdings Corporation; Sandisk Corporation; ChangXin Memory Technologies, Inc. (“CXMT”); and Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. (“YMTC”). Our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may operate in jurisdictions with lower labor and compliance costs and may have a larger market share and greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Consolidation of industry competitors could put us at a competitive disadvantage as our competitors may benefit from increased manufacturing scale and a stronger product portfolio. Alternatively, new entrants into the memory and storage market could have a significant adverse impact on our competitive position. We operate in different jurisdictions than our competitors and may be impacted by unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates, import/export restrictions, and other trade regulations, including tariffs. In addition, governments have provided, and may continue to provide, significant assistance, financial or otherwise, to some of our competitors or to new entrants and may intervene in support of national industries and/or competitors. As a result, we face the threat of increasing competition and DRAM and NAND oversupply due to significant investment in the semiconductor industry, including by the Chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities, such as CXMT and YMTC. In addition, the CAC’s decision that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products had an adverse impact on our ability to compete effectively in China and elsewhere. We intend to advance our process technology to increase bit output per wafer, improve yields, and increase wafer supply. In addition, our competitors may increase capital expenditures resulting in future increases in worldwide supply. We, and some of our competitors, have plans to construct new fabrication facilities and/or ramp production at existing fabrication facilities. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Additionally, rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. If competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. Our key semiconductor memory and storage technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. These barriers include achieving acceptable yields and quality for HBM products with their multiple chip layers, potential limitations on stacking additional 3D memory layers, increasing bits per cell (i.e., cell levels), meeting higher density requirements, developing advanced packaging solutions, improving power consumption and reliability, and delivering advanced features and higher performance. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per gigabit cost. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products and process technologies, such as EUV lithography, to continue to deliver advanced product requirements. Such new technologies can add complexity and risk to our schedule and may affect our costs and production output. We may be unable to recover our investment in R&D or otherwise realize the economic benefits of reducing die size or increasing memory and storage densities. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Accordingly, our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. 26 Table of Contents We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new semiconductor product and system-level solution development. We are increasingly differentiating our products and solutions to meet the specific demands of our customers, which increases our reliance on our customers’ ability to accurately forecast the needs and preferences of their customers. In addition, our ability to successfully introduce new products often requires us to make product specification decisions multiple years in advance of when new products enter the market. Recent technologies, such as generative AI models have emerged, and while they have driven increased demand for HBM and other advanced products in the data center and other markets, the long-term trajectory is unknown and associated demand may fluctuate. Due to the higher performance and more complex manufacturing process, HBM requires a higher number of wafers and more cleanroom space to produce the same number of bits as conventional DRAM in the same technology node. If demand for HBM weakens and suppliers shift capacity from HBM to conventional DRAM, this could result in a significant increase in conventional DRAM supply. An oversupplied DRAM market may lead to downward pressure on pricing, which could adversely impact our financial results. Our product demand may also be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our customers. It is important that we deliver products in a timely manner that meet customer requirements at the time our customers are designing and evaluating samples for their products. If we do not meet their product design schedules, our customers may exclude us from further consideration as a supplier for those products. The process to develop new products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality, performance, and reliability, often well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure design wins with our customers. Many factors may negatively impact our ability to meet anticipated timelines and/or expected or required quality standards with respect to the development of certain of our products. In addition, some of our components have long lead-times, requiring us to place orders up to a year in advance of anticipated demand. Such long lead-times increase the risk of excess inventory or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand. There can be no assurance of the following: • we will be successful in developing competitive new semiconductor memory and storage technologies and products; • we will be able to cost-effectively manufacture new products; • we will be able to successfully achieve revenue targets for these technologies; • margins and cash flows generated from sales of these products will allow us to recover costs of development efforts; • we will be able to establish or maintain key relationships with customers, or that we will not be prohibited from working with certain customers, for specific chip set or design requirements; • we will accurately predict and design products that meet our customers’ specifications; or • we will be able to introduce new products into the market and qualify them with our customers on a timely basis. Unsuccessful efforts to develop new memory and storage technologies and products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may not be able to achieve expected returns from capacity expansions. We have commenced expansion of our production capacity in the United States and in other regions where we operate. Semiconductor fabs are complex, capital-intensive projects and require specialized knowledge, expertise, experience, and skill sets to construct and operate. Our construction projects are highly dependent on available sources of materials, and specialized equipment, as well as labor, skilled sub-contractors and other service providers. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, tariffs, trade restrictions, and other market conditions could result in shortages and higher costs. Additionally, difficulties in obtaining labor, skilled sub-contractors and other service providers or other resources could result in delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, including costs to operate these facilities. In the United States and in certain other regions, fab building has been uncommon in recent years. Concurrent semiconductor expansion projects across the industry introduce significant competition for the limited pool of 27 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents construction talent with requisite expertise and experience in these regions. As such, expanding production capacity in the United States and certain other regions may introduce more challenges than we would experience in geographies with more established ecosystems. In addition, these expansions involve several risks including the following: • inability to meet capital expenditure requirements for capacity expansions, including during periods of relatively low free cash flow generation, resulting from challenging memory and storage industry conditions; • unavailability of necessary funding, which may include external sources; • inability to realize expected grants, investment tax credits, and other government incentives, including through the CHIPS Act and other national, international, state, and local grants; • potential changes in laws or provisions of grants, investment tax credits, and other government incentives, including the CHIPS Act; • delays and potential restrictions related to environmental and other government regulations or permits; • potential restrictions on expanding in certain geographies; • inability to complete construction as scheduled and within budget; • inability to attract, retain and motivate key talent; • inability to timely ramp production in a cost-effective manner; • increases to our cost structure until new production is ramped to adequate scale; and • insufficient customer demand to utilize our increased capacity. From time to time, we have experienced impacts from certain of the above items and, because these risks are a characteristic of our business, we expect to experience them in the future. Depending on the nature and extent of the impact from these risks, we may be unable to produce sufficient capacity in the expected timeframe which could result in delays in the completion of our construction projects and increased costs, including costs to operate these facilities. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers’ needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. We invest our capital in areas that we believe best align with our business strategy and optimize future returns. Investments in capital expenditures may not generate expected returns or cash flows. Significant judgment is required to determine which capital investments will result in optimal returns, and we could invest in projects that are ultimately less profitable than those projects we do not select. Our strategic decision-making process involves careful evaluation and prioritization of investments to ensure alignment with our long-term goals. Additionally, we may choose to exit business segments that do not provide us with optimal returns. As we streamline our product portfolio, we may face execution risks that could impact our ability to support demand and maintain share in certain markets. Further, as we continue to optimize the efficiency of our fabrication facilities to support demand from leading edge notes, any delays in completion and ramping of new production facilities, or failure to optimize our investment choices, could significantly impact our ability to realize expected returns on our capital expenditures. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 28 Table of Contents Our incentives from various governments are conditioned upon achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and satisfying compliance requirements and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback, and could impose certain limitations on our business. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, benefits and incentives from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world designed to encourage us to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, research and development, or production in those regions. However, there is no guarantee that such government incentives and benefits will continue to be available in the future on the same terms, terms that are acceptable to us or at all and existing incentives could be modified or t

=== MU_2026-06-25.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, this section discusses important factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us. The order of presentation is not necessarily indicative of the level of risk that each factor poses to us. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry • volatility in average selling prices of our products; • a range of factors that may adversely affect our gross margins; • our international operations, including geopolitical risks; • the highly competitive nature of our industry; • our ability to develop, produce, and supply new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products; • realizing expected returns from capacity expansions; • achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and the compliance requirements associated with incentives from various governments; • availability and quality of materials, supplies, electrical power, gas, water, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers; • a downturn or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies; • disruptions to our manufacturing processes from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events; • dependency on certain customers, including international customers, and end markets; • products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are incompatible with end uses; • breaches of our security systems or products, systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions of our systems or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners; • uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of AI; • attracting, retaining, and motivating highly skilled employees; • responsible sourcing requirements and related regulations; • sustainability and governance expectations or standards; • acquisitions and/or strategic transactions and investments; and • restructure plans may not realize expected savings or other benefits. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation • protecting our intellectual property and retaining key employees who are knowledgeable about and develop our intellectual property; • legal, regulatory and administrative investigations, inquiries, proceedings, and claims; and • claims that our products or manufacturing processes infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others or failure to obtain or renew license agreements covering such intellectual property. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations • impacts of government actions and compliance with tariffs, trade restrictions, and/or trade regulations; • tax expense and tax laws in key jurisdictions; and • compliance with laws, regulations, or industry standards, including environmental considerations. Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets • our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing; • our debt obligations; • changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • counterparty default risk; • volatility in the trading price of our common stock; and • fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our common stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends and resulting impacts. 37 | 2026 Q3 10-Q Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry Volatility in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory and storage products may adversely affect our business. We have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. Over the past five fiscal years, annual percentages changes in DRAM average selling prices have ranged from an increase in the low 40% range to a decrease in the high 40% range. DRAM average selling prices increased approximately 140% for the first nine months of 2026 compared to the first nine months of 2025. In the past five fiscal years, annual percentage changes in NAND average selling prices have ranged from an increase in the low 30% range to a decrease in the low 50% range. NAND average selling prices increased approximately 130% for the first nine months of 2026 compared to the first nine months of 2025. In some prior periods, average selling prices for our products have been below our manufacturing costs, and we may experience such circumstances in the future. Significant declines in average selling prices in future periods could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our gross margins may be adversely affected by a range of factors. In addition to the impact of our average selling prices, our gross margins are dependent, in part, upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs, which is primarily achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce our per gigabit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins include, but are not limited to: • strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix; • increasing complexity of our product portfolio, which may impact operational costs; • increasing complexity of manufacturing processes; • difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies or additional 3D memory layers or NAND cell levels; • process complexity, including number of mask layers and fabrication steps; • manufacturing yield and defect density; • technological barriers; • changes in process technologies; • new products that may require relatively larger die sizes or advanced packaging technologies; • start-up or other costs associated with capacity expansions; • regional cost differences that may become more pronounced when we transition the manufacture of certain products within our global network; • higher costs of goods and services due to, among other things, inflationary pressures, regulatory actions, including tariffs or trade restrictions, increased input costs, or market conditions; and • higher manufacturing costs per gigabit due to fabrication facility underutilization, lower wafer output, and insufficient volume to run new technology nodes to achieve cost optimization. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which have in the past and could in the future lead to underutilization of our production assets. These factors may include, among others, a weak demand environment, industry oversupply, inventory surpluses, difficulties in ramping emerging technologies, supply chain disruptions, and delays from equipment suppliers. A significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. As a result, lower utilization, lower wafer output, and corresponding increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs could result in higher inventory carrying costs, and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition. We operate in a dynamic and rapidly evolving industry where the timeframes for product transitions, facility expansions, production ramps, and supply chain shifts are increasingly compressed. To remain competitive, we must continuously develop and implement new products and technologies and decrease manufacturing costs in spite of inflationary pressures and regulatory uncertainty. As we streamline our production and shift capacity to 38 Table of Contents leading-edge nodes, we face execution risks that could impact our ability to meet customer demand and 