=== APP_2026-04-21.htm.gz ===
app-20260420 0001751008 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0001751008 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001751008 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001751008 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001751008 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001751008 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001751008 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 AppLovin Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Letter to Our Stockholders Fellow Stockholders, AppLovin had another milestone year in 2025, with exceptional financial performance and the sale of our Apps business sharpening our focus on our core advertising platform. Our financial results put us in a rare air: $5.5 billion in revenue with 70% annual growth paired with $4.5 billion in Adjusted EBITDA (+87% year-over-year) and $4.0 billion in Free Cash Flow (+91% year-over-year). We also continued to deliver value for stockholders, repurchasing $2.2 billion of our Class A common stock throughout the year and increasing our repurchase program authorization by $3.2 billion in October. During the year, we launched our rebranded Axon Ads Manager and made meaningful improvements to our Axon AI recommendation engine, all while continuing the early introduction of web-based e-commerce advertisers to our platform. Our mission is to make profitable growth accessible to every business. As we continue our expansion into e-commerce and other major advertising categories, we are excited to show even more businesses how Axon can drive their revenues. We ll remain focused on improving our core Axon technologies and delivering measurable results for advertisers. On the governance front, we are pleased to announce the transition of Craig Billings into the role of independent Chairperson. We first met in 2013, when Craig s business was a customer of AppLovin. He deeply understands what we do and has seen firsthand how we help grow businesses. He has also played a key role leading the Board as our Lead Independent Director over the past five years. As a result, Craig is well-suited to take on this new role, which strengthens the independent leadership of the Board while allowing management to continue executing on Adam s long-term vision. In pursuing the tremendous opportunities in front of us, our full Board of Directors believes the AppLovin team will continue to create long-term stockholder value, and remains committed to providing strong oversight of strategy, capital allocation and risk management. To our stockholders - thank you for your investment in AppLovin and your belief in our future. Sincerely, Adam Foroughi Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Craig Billings Chairperson of the Board of Directors Adam Foroughi Craig Billings AppLovin Corporation i 2026 Proxy Statement 1100 Page Mill Road | Palo Alto, California 94304 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders MEETING DETAILS Date June 3, 2026 Dear Stockholders of AppLovin Corporation: We cordially invite you to attend the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation, to be held virtually via live audio webcast, where you will be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions, and vote online. Your vote is important. Whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the meeting. Therefore, we urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy via the internet, by telephone, or by mail. We are holding the Annual Meeting for the following purposes, as more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement: Time 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2026 Proposals Board Vote Recommendation 1 To elect nine (9) directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified; FOR the election of each director nominee 2 To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; FOR 3 To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers; FOR 4 To approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to provide for officer exculpation as permitted by Delaware law; FOR AGAINST 5 To vote on a stockholder proposal, if properly presented; and 6 To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. Our Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on April 13, 2026 as the record date for the Annual Meeting. Stockholders of record on April 13, 2026 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. Further information regarding voting rights and the matters to be voted upon is presented in the accompanying proxy statement. The accompanying proxy statement and our 2025 annual report are available at www.proxyvote.com. You will be asked to enter the 16 digit control number located on your proxy card. By order of the Board of Directors, Adam Foroughi Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Palo Alto, California This notice and the accompanying proxy statement and form of proxy are being made available to stockholders on April 21, 2026. AppLovin Corporation ii 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS i N OTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS ii ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION 1 GOVERNANCE AND COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS 2 PROPOSAL N O . 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 3 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 4 Director Nominees 6 Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Independent C hairperson 15 Role of our Board in the Risk Oversight Process 16 Director Independence 17 Multi-Class Structure 17 Board Committees 18 Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings 21 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 21 Board of Directors Evaluations 21 Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees 21 Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board of Directors 22 Communications with the Board of Directors 22 Other Governance Information 23 Director Compensation 24 PROPOSAL N O . 2 - RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 27 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 29 PROPOSAL N O . 3 - ADVISORY VOTE ON THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 30 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 31 COMPENSATION DI S CUSSION AND ANALYSIS 32 Bu siness Context 32 Compensation Philosophy 32 Executive Compensation Policies and Practices 33 Our Compensation-Setting Process 34 Compensation Decisions 35 Elements of Executive Pay and 202 5 Compensation 36 Other Compensation Information 38 Employment Arrangements 38 Post-Employment Compensation 39 Compensation Risk Assessment 39 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 40 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 41 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025 41 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 202 5 42 Outstanding Equity Awards at 202 5 Year-End 43 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 202 5 44 Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control 45 Pay Versus Performance 47 CEO Pay Ratio 50 E QUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 51 PROPOSAL N O . 4 - AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO PROVIDE FOR OFFICER EXCULPATION AS PERMITTED BY DELAWARE LAW 52 PROPOSAL N O . 5 - STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING DISCLOSURE OF VOTING RESULTS BY CLASS OF SHARES 54 S ECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 57 FISCAL YEAR 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND SEC FILINGS 62 QUESTION S AND ANSWERS REGARDI NG THIS PRO XY STATEMENT AND THE ANNUAL MEETING 63 AppLovin Corporation iii 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Annual Meeting Information This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy are furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors ( Board of Directors or Board ) for use at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation ( we, our, us, the Company, or AppLovin ), and any postponements, adjournments, or continuations thereof (the Annual Meeting ). Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are collectively referred to in this proxy statement as our common stock. Date June 3, 2026 Time 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2026 The Annual Meeting will be conducted virtually via live audio webcast. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2026 , where you will be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions, and vote online. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) containing instructions on how to access this proxy statement and our annual report is first being mailed on or about April 21, 2026 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. The proxy materials and our 2025 annual report can be accessed by following the instructions in the Notice. It is important that your shares of our common stock be represented at the Annual Meeting, regardless of the number of shares that you hold. You are urged to vote by telephone or by using the Internet as instructed on the enclosed proxy card or execute and return, at your earliest convenience, the enclosed proxy card in the envelope that has also been provided. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this proxy statement and references to our website address in this proxy statement are inactive textual references only. AppLovin Corporation 1 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance and Compensation Highlights Governance Highlights Our corporate governance structure is designed to promote the long-term interests of our stockholders. The list below highlights our Board and leadership practices, as discussed further in this proxy statement. 6 of 9 director nominees are independent Annual self-evaluation of Board and committees Independent Chairperson of our Board Annual review of committee charters, corporate policies, and corporate governance guidelines 100% independent committees Continuing director education program Strong risk oversight by full Board and committees Regular executive sessions of Board and independent directors Regular communication between Board members and management beyond regular meetings Compensation Highlights Our compensation practices are designed to attract and retain critical talent and to align management and stockholder interests. The list below highlights key compensation practices, as discussed further in this proxy statement. What We Do What We Don t Do RSUs as primary component of executive compensation to maintain stockholder alignment No executive base salary increases since initial public offering Independent compensation consultant advises on executive and outside director compensation No annual cash bonus program for executive officers Equity ownership guidelines exceeded by all officers and directors No Golden Parachute tax reimbursements Compensation Committee oversees compensation for key engineering talent in addition to executive officers No single-trigger change of control acceleration for executive officers Hedging and pledging limitations in our insider trading policy No evergreen increases to our equity plans for 2026 AppLovin Corporation 2 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 Election of Directors Our Board of Directors is currently composed of nine (9) members. Each of the director nominees except Victoria Valenzuela currently serves on the Board. As previously announced, Alyssa Harvey Dawson, who currently serves as a director, will not stand for re-election and her term will expire at the Annual Meeting. Ms. Valenzuela is standing for election by our stockholders for the first time and was recommended for consideration as a director to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee by our Chief Executive Officer. The current term of all directors will expire at the Annual Meeting when their successors are elected and qualified. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has recommended, and our Board of Directors has approved, as director nominees for election as directors at the Annual Meeting: Adam Foroughi, Craig Billings, Herald Chen, Margaret Georgiadis, Barbara Messing, Todd Morgenfeld, Victoria Valenzuela, Eduardo Vivas, and Maynard Webb. If elected, each of the director nominees will serve as directors until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. For information concerning the director nominees, see the section titled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance . If you are a stockholder of record and you sign your proxy card or vote by telephone or over the internet but do not give instructions with respect to the voting of directo rs, your shares will be voted For the election of Messrs. Foroughi, Billings, Chen, Morgenfeld, Vivas, and Webb and Mses. Georgiadis, Messing, and Valenzuela. I f you are a street name stockholder and you do not give voting instructions to your broker or nominee, your broker will leave your shares unvoted on this matter. Vote Required Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present virtually or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors at the Annual Meeting. Plurality means that the nine (9) director nominees who receive the largest number of votes cast For such director nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not voted For a particular director nominee (whether as a result of a withhold vote or a broker non-vote) will not be counted in such director nominee s favor and will have no effect on the outcome of the election. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE. AppLovin Corporation 3 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Our Board of Directors and its three (3) fully independent standing committees play a critical role in the oversight and governance of our business and operations. The following charts provide summary information about each director nominee s background, skills, and expertise. Name Age Director Since Independent Other Public Co. Boards Committee Memberships Occupation Audit Comp. NCG Adam Foroughi 45 2011 No 0 Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of AppLovin Corporation Craig Billings 53 2020 Yes 2 C Chairperson; Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Resorts, Limited Herald Chen 56 2018 No 1 Former President and Chief Financial Officer of AppLovin Corporation Margaret Georgiadis 1 C Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Montai Therapeutics and a CEO-Partner of Flagship Pioneering Inc. 62 2021 Yes Barbara Messing 54 2024 Yes 0 Operating Partner of Stripes Group and Former Chief Marketing and Communications Officer at Roblox Corp. Todd Morgenfeld 2 C 54 2023 Yes Former Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Operations of Pinterest Victoria Valenzuela 0 52 N/A No Chief Administrative Legal Officer of AppLovin Corporation Eduardo Vivas 40 2018 Yes 0 Former Chief Operating Officer of Humans, Inc. Maynard Webb 70 2025 Yes 2 Founder of Webb Investment Network C Committee chair Committee member AppLovin Corporation 4 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Nominees Skills and Expertise Director Nominees Skills and Expertise Adam Foroughi Craig Billings Herald Chen Margaret Georgiadis Barbara Messing Todd Morgenfeld Victoria Valenzuela Eduardo Vivas Maynard Webb CEO or Founder Experience Industry Expertise Marketing Digital Media Public Company Experience Cyber Security Data Privacy Financial Accounting Global Operational Expertise Risk Management Corporate Governance Human Capital Talent Development CEO or Founder Experience Industry Expertise Marketing Digital Media Experience and skills in leadership, management, and business strategy as a chief executive officer and/or founder at a large publicly traded or private company. In-depth knowledge and expertise in the creation, management, and optimization of products within the advertising technology and/or artificial intelligence space, including building and improving tools, platforms and strategies that help companies reach their audiences. A deep understanding of marketing and digital media strategies, including brand and marketing strategy, social media and content marketing, and/or creating or implementing platforms to promote products and services. Public Company Experience Cyber Security Data Privacy Financial Accounting Experience as a senior executive or member of the board of directors of a publicly traded company, providing valuable insight into public company operations, governance, financial reporting, investor relations, and regulatory compliance. Experience (including through oversight) in various cyber security and data privacy capabilities, including protection from threats such as cyberattacks, hacking, data breaches, malware, and other forms of digital security vulnerabilities; data governance and managing sensitive personal and organizational data; and compliance with respect to privacy laws and regulations. Experience in positions requiring a deep understanding of financial principles, accounting standards, tax strategies, auditing, and reporting. Global Operational Expertise Risk Management Corporate Governance Human Capital Talent Development Leadership position in an organization managing day-to-day business operations at scale and/or international operations, providing knowledge and expertise in executing business activities and strategies and driving growth in complex or high-growth environments. Knowledge and experience in identifying, accessing, and managing risks that may affect an organization s objectives, including understanding the principles, structures, and processes that allow a company to best operate in an ethical, accountable, and transparent manner. Management experience involving strategies and practices aimed at maximizing the potential of an organization s workforce. AppLovin Corporation 5 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Nominees Mr. Foroughi is one of our co-founders and has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since December 2011. He served as Chairperson of our Board of Directors from March 2021 until April 2026. He previously co-founded two advertising technology companies, Lifestreet Media Inc. and Social Hour Inc. Mr. Foroughi holds a B.A. in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley. Qualifications Mr. Foroughi was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his deep industry knowledge and the vision and experience he brings as our Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder. With expertise in international operations, product development, building high-performing teams, and driving strategic vision, he has successfully led us through growth and innovation in the ever-evolving tech landscape. Adam Foroughi Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Director Skills Age : 45 Director Since : 2011 Committees : None CEO or Founder Experience Cyber Security Data Privacy Industry Expertise Global Operational Expertise Marketing Digital Media Human Capital Talent Development Public Company AppLovin Corporation 6 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Mr. Billings has served as a member of our Board of Directors since December 2020 and as our Chairperson since April 2026. Mr. Billings previously served as our Lead Independent Director from February 2021 until his appointment as our independent Chairperson. Mr. Billings has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Wynn Resorts, Limited (NYSE: WYNN), a developer and operator of hotels and casinos, since February 2022. Prior to February 2022, Mr. Billings served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Wynn Resorts from March 2017 to January 2022 and as President from May 2019 to May 2021. Since August 2018, he has also served as a Director of Wynn Macau, Limited, a majority owned subsidiary of Wynn Resorts that is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. From December 2015 to January 2018, Mr. Billings served as Non-Executive Chairman of NYX Gaming Group Ltd., a developer of digital gaming systems which was acquired by Scientific Games Corporation in January 2018. Mr. Billings has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1999. He holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Qualifications Craig Billings Chairperson Independent Director Age : 53 Director Since : 2020 Committees : Compensation (Chair); Audit Mr. Billings was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his significant global operational experience as a public-company CEO, his financial and accounting acumen, his risk management and corporate governance expertise, and his industry knowledge qualities that bring a strategic perspective to the boardroom and position him to guide us through complex challenges and growth opportunities. Skills CEO or Founder Experience Financial Accounting Marketing Digital Media Global Operational Expertise Public Company Risk Management Corporate Governance AppLovin Corporation 7 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Mr. Chen has served as a member of our Board of Directors since August 2018. Mr. Chen previously served as AppLovin s President and Chief Financial Officer from November 2019 to December 2023. Prior to joining us, he served as the head of Technology, Media and Telecom at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. (NYSE: KKR), an investment firm that manages multiple alternative asset classes, from 2007 to 2019, having previously worked for the firm from 1995 to 1997. He also currently serves on the board of directors of GoDaddy, Inc. (NYSE: GDDY), an online solutions provider, and Internet Brands Inc., an integrated digital media and software services company. Mr. Chen holds a B.S. in Economics (Finance) and a B.S.E. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Qualifications Herald Chen Director Age : 56 Director Since : 2018 Committees : None Mr. Chen was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive operating and management experience. He brings strong financial and accounting expertise, along with significant experience in public company leadership, strategic transactions, and governance. His experience serving on the boards of both public and private technology companies provides valuable oversight and strategic insight to our Board. Skills CEO or Founder Experience Financial Accounting Industry Expertise Global Operational Expertise Public Company AppLovin Corporation 8 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Ms. Georgiadis has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2021. Ms. Georgiadis currently serves as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Montai Therapeutics and as a CEO-Partner of Flagship Pioneering Inc., a bioplatform innovation company, since April 2022. She previously served as an Endurance Partner-in-Residence at General Catalyst, a venture capital firm, from January 2021 to April 2022. From May 2018 to December 2020, she served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ancestry.com LLC, a global family history and consumer genomics company. Prior to Ancestry, from February 2017 to May 2018, Ms. Georgiadis served as Chief Executive Officer of Mattel, Inc. (NASDAQ: MAT), a global children s entertainment company specializing in toys and consumer products. From 2009 to 2017, she served as President of Google Americas and the Vice President of Global Operations. She is an experienced public and private company board director and currently serves on the board of directors of McDonald s Corporation (NYSE: MCD) and several private companies in technology and health technology. She holds an A.B. from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Qualifications Margaret Georgiadis Independent Director Age : 62 Director Since : 2021 Committees : Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair); Audit Ms. Georgiadis was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of her experience as a public company director and deep expertise in the tech industry. With extensive CEO and public company experience, she brings a strategic and operational mindset to the boardroom. Her background spans product development, ad tech, and data privacy, complemented by strong financial, accounting and risk management acumen. A leader in corporate governance with a strong track record in international operations, strategic transactions, and talent development, she provides critical oversight while driving innovation and growth. Skills CEO or Founder Experience Financial Accounting Industry Expertise Global Operational Expertise Marketing Digital Media Risk Management Corporate Governance Public Company Human Capital Talent Development Cyber Security Data Privacy AppLovin Corporation 9 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Ms. Messing has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2024. Ms. Messing has served as an Operating Partner at Stripes, LLC ( Stripes Group ), a leading growth equity firm since January 2026. Prior to joining Stripes Group, Ms. Messing served as Chief Marketing Communications Officer at Roblox Corp. (NYSE: RBLX), an online gaming platform, from August 2020 to December 2023 and previously served as Chief Marketing Officer and People Experience Officer from August 2020 to July 2023. Previously, Ms. Messing served as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of Walmart U.S (NYSE: WMT) from August 2018 to August 2019, and brought her years of experience serving in multiple roles including Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, and later Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at TripAdvisor, Inc. (NASDAQ: TRIP) an online travel company, between 2011 and 2018. Between 2002 and 2011, she served in a number of management positions at Hotwire.com, an internet-based travel agency, including Vice President of Customer Experience and Vice President and General Manager, Travel Ticker. Ms. Messing previously served on the board of directors of Vacasa, Inc., a leading platform for vacation rental management, from 2021 to 2025, Overstock.com, Inc., an internet retailer, from 2020 to 2023, and XO Group, Inc., which merged with WeddingWire in December 2018, from 2014 to 2018. Ms. Messing received her B.A. from Northwestern University and her J.D. from Stanford Law School. Barbara Messing Independent Director Age : 54 Director Since : 2024 Committees : Compensation; Nominating and Corporate Governance Qualifications Ms. Messing was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive operational expertise and leadership experience in both management and director roles at public companies. She brings deep knowledge in marketing, digital media, product development, and ad tech, along with a strong background in building and scaling online platforms. Her experience in human capital and talent development further enhances our ability to drive organizational growth and foster leadership excellence. Skills Marketing Digital Media Global Operational Expertise Public Company Human Capital Talent Development AppLovin Corporation 10 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Mr. Morgenfeld has served as a member of our Board of Directors since September 2023. Mr. Morgenfeld previously held pivotal roles at Pinterest, Inc. (NYSE: PINS), a discovery and social media platform, including Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Operations (CFO/COO) from November 2016 to July 2023. Before Pinterest, he left his mark at Twitter as Vice President of Finance from 2015 to 2016 and at Hewlett-Packard (NYSE: HPQ) as Treasurer and Senior VP of Financial Analytics and Corporate Development from 2013 to 2015. Prior to his role at Hewlett-Packard, he was an investment partner at Silver Lake from 2004 to 2013. Mr. Morgenfeld currently serves on the board of directors of Urban Outfitters, Inc. (NASDAQ: URBN), a portfolio of global consumer brands comprising Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Free People, BHLDN, Terrain, Menus Venues, and Nuuly; and Axon Enterprise, Inc. (NASDAQ: AXON), a technology leader in global public safety. Mr. Morgenfeld graduated first in his class from the United States Military Academy at West Point and holds an M.B.A. from Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Qualifications Todd Morgenfeld Independent Director Age : 54 Director Since : 2023 Committees : Audit (Chair); Compensation Mr. Morgenfeld was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his deep operational expertise in technology-driven enterprises. He has a strong background in finance and accounting, and his public company board experience helps him bring valuable insights into public company financial oversight, risk management, and corporate governance matters. Skills Industry Expertise Financial Accounting Marketing Digital Media Global Operational Expertise Public Company Risk Management Corporate Governance AppLovin Corporation 11 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Ms. Valenzuela is standing for election as a member of our Board of Director for the first time. Ms. Valenzuela has served as our Chief Administrative Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since July 2025. She previously served as our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary from May 2020 through July 2025. Ms. Valenzuela joined us through our acquisition of Machine Zone, Inc. where she served as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary from January 2015 to April 2020. From May 2004 to December 2014, she served as General Counsel, Vice President, Legal Affairs, and Corporate Secretary of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a public semiconductor company acquired by Infineon Technologies AG. Prior to Cypress Semiconductor, she was a corporate and technology attorney with Brobeck, Phleger Harrison, LLP and Clifford Chance LLP. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from California State University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford University Law School. Victoria Valenzuela Director Nominee Age : 52 Qualifications Ms. Valenzuela was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of her deep Company and industry knowledge as an executive at AppLovin and other technology companies. She has expertise in legal and regulatory matters, in particular with respect to ad tech, cybersecurity and data privacy matters. Ms. Valenzuela also has extensive experience in mergers, acquisitions and strategic transactions, as well as strong experience in human capital and talent development. Skills Industry Expertise Global Operational Expertise Marketing Digital Media Risk Management Corporate Governance Public Company Human Capital Talent Development Cyber Security Data Privacy AppLovin Corporation 12 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Mr. Vivas has served as a member of our Board of Directors since August 2018. Mr. Vivas served as Chief Operating Officer at Humans, Inc., the developer of the Flip Shop social shopping app, from March 2024 to September 2025. From August 2017 to March 2024, he served as the Chief Executive Officer at Curated, Inc. (Curated.com), an online outdoor sports retailer he co-founded. From March 2014 to April 2017, Mr. Vivas served as Head of Product, Talent Solutions at LinkedIn Corporation, a business and employment-oriented online service. He joined LinkedIn through its acquisition of Bright.com, an employment website company he co-founded and served as Chief Product Officer of from October 2011 to February 2014. Qualifications Eduardo Vivas Independent Director Mr. Vivas was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience as a CEO and executive leader in the technology sector. His expertise in marketing, digital media, product development, and ad tech has been instrumental in shaping and executing successful go-to-market strategies. Mr. Vivas also has extensive experience in mergers, acquisitions, and strategic transactions, providing valuable insight into business expansion and corporate development. Age : 40 Director Since : 2018 Committees : Nominating and Corporate Governance Skills CEO or Founder Experience Global Operational Expertise Industry Expertise Human Capital Talent Development Marketing Digital Media AppLovin Corporation 13 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Mr. Webb has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2025. Mr. Webb is the Founder of Webb Investment Network, an early-stage venture capital firm he started in 2010. Mr. Webb served as the Chairman of the board of Liveops, Inc., a cloud-based call center, from 2008 to 2013 and was the Chief Executive Officer from 2006 to 2011. Previously, Mr. Webb was the Chief Operating Officer of eBay, Inc. (NASDAQ: EBAY), a global commerce and payments provider, from 2002 to 2006, and President of eBay Technologies from 1999 to 2002. Prior to joining eBay, Mr. Webb was Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Gateway, Inc., a computer manufacturer, and Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Bay Networks, Inc., a computer networking products manufacturer. Mr. Webb currently serves on the board of directors of Salesforce, Inc. (NYSE: CRM) and Visa Inc. (NYSE: V). Mr. Webb previously served as the Chairman of the board of directors at Yahoo! Inc. until 2017. Mr. Webb holds a Bachelor of Applied Arts degree from Florida Atlantic University. Maynard Webb Independent Director Age : 70 Director Since : 2025 Committees : Audit; Nominating and Corporate Governance Qualifications Mr. Webb was selected to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive leadership experience as a CEO, executive advisor, and investment professional. He brings deep operational expertise in marketing, digital media, product development, and ad tech, along with a strong track record of scaling businesses. He also brings strong experience in strategic transactions and international operations. Additionally, his governance experience on the boards of public and private technology companies provides valuable oversight and strategic insight to our Board. Skills CEO or Founder Experience Financial Accounting Industry Expertise Global Operational Expertise Public Company Risk Management Corporate Governance Cyber Security Data Privacy Human Capital Talent Development AppLovin Corporation 14 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Independent Chairperson Our board leadership structure and practices are designed to promote strong, independent oversight while enabling decisive execution of the Company s strategic vision. In April 2026, in connection with a periodic review of its leadership structure, the Board appointed Craig Billings as Chairperson of the Board. Mr. Billings had served as our Lead Independent Director since our initial public offering, while Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Co-Founder, had served as Chairperson during such time. Given Mr. Billings substantial contributions to the Board in his capacity as Lead Independent Director, we believe that this transition enables management and the Board to further benefit from Mr. Billings experience and independent leadership, as well as his deep knowledge of the Company s strategy and familiarity with the management team. The Role of Our Independent Chairperson Mr. Billings serves as our independent Chairperson, bringing extensive public company leadership, financial acumen, and global operational expertise to the role. As independent Chairperson, his responsibilities include: providing guidance and oversight on strategic priorities, corporate governance, and risk management, including consultations with management between regularly scheduled Board meetings; determining the agenda for Board meetings and meetings of independent directors, and fostering candid and open discussions without management present; calling special meetings of the independent directors when necessary to address urgent or emerging matters; serving as a direct liaison between the independent directors and management, facilitating communication and feedback from executive sessions; and engaging with stockholders or serving as a spokesperson for the Company as requested. Independent Board Oversight Governance Our independent directors are deeply engaged in guiding the Company s most important decisions. They meet regularly in executive sessions without management present , as well as without non-independent directors and management present . These executive sessions are led by our Chairperson or applicable committee chairperson and provide a forum for: independent assessment of management s performance; strategic discussions on risk management, corporate governance, and financial oversight; and strategic discussion on guidance and feedback to provide to the CEO and other executives on key issues and long-term planning. Why This Structure Works for AppLovin We believe that this leadership structure combining the strategic leadership and vision of our CEO with the strong oversight of our independent Chairperson and independent committees enhances our ability to execute our day-to-day operations and strategic initiatives, while enabling strong independent oversight of key issues. In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, if, in the future, our Chairperson is not an independent director, our Board would appoint an independent director to serve as Lead Independent Director. AppLovin Corporation 15 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Role of our Board in the Risk Oversight Process How Our Board Oversees Risk As our business and operations evolve, we remain focused on identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks that could impact our current and future business as they emerge. While our management team handles the day-to-day oversight of strategic, financial, operational, reputational, and legal risks, our Board of Directors and its independent committees play a critical role providing high-level oversight of those risks and maintaining a risk management framework that fosters accountability and is responsive to the Company s evolving operations. How Our Board Stays Engaged Our Board of Directors and its committees actively engage on key risk areas through: ongoing consultations with the management team on strategic and operational priorities; regular updates on key areas of enterprise risk and periodic evaluations of our structure for reporting enterprise risks to the Board and its committees; Q A sessions or periodic reports from the management team and external advisors on key risk areas; and evaluating the risks inherent in major transactions and corporate decisions. To bolster our Board s risk oversight, our Board s committees oversee specific key risk areas and receive regular updates from management and industry experts, as needed. Audit Committee : Oversees financial reporting, internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, AI governance, cybersecurity, data privacy and protection matters, legal and regulatory compliance, and conflicts of interest. Regularly engages with management and auditors on risk assessment policies and risk management pertaining to financial, accounting, and tax matters. Compensation Committee : Evaluates risks related to executive compensation, oversees our compensation structure to promote sound decision-making and prevent excessive risk-taking, administers our compensation recovery policy, and oversees our human capital resource management. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee : Focuses on risks tied to corporate governance, succession planning, and Board independence. Human Capital Oversight Given our lean organization and the importance of attracting and retaining critical talent, our Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and full Board take an active role in overseeing risks related to human capital. Our management team regularly presents updates on topics such as headcount changes, average tenure, attrition rates, and hiring trends and focus areas. Our Compensation Committee and Board consider this information as part of their risk oversight and in connection with compensation strategy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board consider this information in connection with succession planning for executive officers and other key roles. Leveraging Expertise for Risk Management Our management team regularly consults with our Board outside of scheduled meetings. In particular, management frequently consults with the applicable committee chairperson whose committee oversees specific risk areas for guidance and feedback on relevant topics between scheduled meetings. To stay ahead of emerging challenges and proactively approach dynamic issues, our Board of Directors and its committees also engage outside legal and subject-matter experts, as well as accounting and tax professionals, to provide insights on market trends, regulatory shifts, and evolving risk landscapes. We hold multiple director education sessions with these outside experts throughout the year to review and discuss emerging topics. We see risk oversight as more than just a compliance requirement it s an essential part of how we drive innovation, safeguard our Company, and create long-term value for all stakeholders. AppLovin Corporation 16 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Independence We believe strong governance is consistent with our culture of transparency and accountability and leads to better decision-making and long-term success. The Nasdaq corporate governance rules generally require that a majority of a listed company s board of directors be independent. In order to be considered independent the director must, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors carefully reviews each director s background, employment history, and affiliations. After this review, our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Billings, Morgenfeld, Vivas, and Webb and Mses. Georgiadis , Harvey Dawson, and Messing are independent under the Nasdaq corporate governance rules. In addition, the Board had previously determined that Edward Oberwager was independent during his service as a director in 2025. In making these determinations, the Board considered all relevant factors, such as current and prior relationships with the Company, including those outlined in the section titled Certain Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions . Multi-Class Structure The multi-class structure of our common stock is intended to ensure that, for the foreseeable future, Mr. Foroughi continues to control or significantly influence the governance of the Company, which we believe will permit us to continue to advance his strategic vision and prioritize the creation of long-term stockholder value rather than short-term results. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and full Board periodically review our multi-class structure to assess the continued applicability of this rationale. While our Board cannot unilaterally make changes to the sunset provisions related to our Class B common stock, as any such changes would also require the approval of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock, both our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and full Board continue to believe that our multi-class structure is in the best interest of AppLovin and its stockholders. AppLovin is considered a controlled company under the Nasdaq corporate governance rules because Messrs. Foroughi and Chen, together with certain affiliated trusts and entities (the Voting Agreement Parties ) are parties to a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement ) and collectively hold a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a controlled company, we are eligible for exemptions from certain Nasdaq corporate governance rules related to the independence of our Board and committees and Board evaluation requirements. However, we do not rely on any of these exemptions and we maintain the following governance practices: a majority of the members of our Board of Directors are independent; all members of our Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Compensation Committee are independent; we have an independent Chairperson to help maintain a strong, independent, and active Board, and previously utilized a lead independent director role; our independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions without non-independent directors or management present following Board of Directors and committee meetings; and we conduct annual performance evaluations of the Board and its committees. Under the Voting Agreement, all shares of our common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen. As a result, the Voting Agreement Parties will collectively be able to determine or significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction. For additional information on the voting power of the Voting Agreement Parties, see the section titled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . Mr. Chen is also party to an Equity Exchange Right Agreement which provides that he may exchange certain shares received upon the exercise of stock options for an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common stock, as further described in the section titled Certain Relationships, Related Party, and Other Transactions . AppLovin Corporation 17 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board Committees Our Board of Directors has established three (3) standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Members will serve on these committees until their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. Each of our committees operates under a written charter that complies with Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and regulations and the Nasdaq corporate governance rules, which can be found at https://investors.applovin.com. Audit Committee Meetings in 2025: 6 Todd Morgenfeld (Chair) Craig Billings Margaret Georgiadis Alyssa Harvey Dawson Maynard Webb Our Audit Committee plays a crucial role in helping us to maintain our financial integrity, transparency, and strong internal controls. The Audit Committee provides independent oversight of our financial reporting, risk management, and compliance processes, helping to safeguard the trust of our stockholders, employees, and partners. Each member of our Audit Committee meets the independence standards for audit committee members required by the Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC rules and regulations. Additionally, all members meet the financial literacy and sophistication requirements of the Nasdaq corporate governance rules and our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Morgenfeld, Billings, and Webb and Ms. Georgiadis qualify as audit committee financial experts under Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Key responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: Financial Oversight Reporting reviewing our financial statements, earnings releases, and SEC filings; overseeing internal audit procedures to evaluate effectiveness and results; reviewing and discussing audit findings, financial statement accuracy, and internal control measures with management and our independent registered public accounting firm; Risk Management Compliance promoting strong internal controls and reviewing policies on financial risk, tax, and accounting matters; overseeing legal and regulatory compliance, including with respect to cybersecurity, artificial intelligence (AI), data privacy, and information security to protect Company and user data; reviewing related party transactions; overseeing and maintaining procedures for employees to report concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; Audit External Oversight selecting, retaining, and overseeing an independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; reviewing audit plans, annual reports, and audit performance; and approving or pre-approving all audit and permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. AppLovin Corporation 18 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Committee Meetings in 2025: 7 Craig Billings (Chair) Barbara Messing Todd Morgenfeld We recognize that a well-structured compensation strategy is essential to attracting, retaining, and motivating top talent. Our Compensation Committee is responsible for aligning executive compensation, equity programs, and benefits with Company performance, stockholder interests, and evolving governance best practices. Each member of our Compensation Committee meets the independence requirements for compensation committee members under Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC rules and regulations, and qualifies as a non-employee director under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Key responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include: Executive Compensation Performance Evaluation overseeing the annual performance evaluation of our CEO and considering the CEO s evaluation of senior management when determining executive compensation; reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding CEO compensation, and reviewing and approving, or making recommendations to the Board regarding, compensation for our other executive officers, including base salary, annual and long-term incentives, and benefits; administering employment agreements, severance arrangements, and change-in-control protections for executive officers; Equity Incentive Compensation Plans administering our equity compensation plans and granting equity awards to eligible individuals; overseeing and enforcing the compensation recovery policy; Compensation Governance Risk Oversight overseeing the design of our compensation policies and practices to support sustainable growth without encouraging excessive risk-taking; evaluating and approving, or making recommendations to the Board regarding, director compensation, and overseeing equity ownership guidelines for executive officers and Board of Directors members; reviewing and discussing executive compensation disclosures, including compensation discussion and analysis, in compliance with SEC requirements; overseeing compensation practices for critical talent beyond executive officers, such as key engineering talent; Independent Oversight engaging independent compensation consultants to provide independent advice and conduct analyses on executive and director compensation practices against peer companies; reviewing Say-on-Pay advisory votes and stockholder feedback to enhance our compensation programs; and evaluating any potential conflicts of interest with its advisors in accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC requirements. AppLovin Corporation 19 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 Margaret Georgiadis (Chair) Alyssa Harvey Dawson Barbara Messing Eduardo Vivas Maynard Webb We believe that strong leadership and forward-thinking governance drive long-term success. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for determining the right qualifications and candidates for our Board and overseeing our overall governance framework. Mr. Vivas was appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in April 2026. Each member of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets the general independence requirements under Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC rules and regulations. Key responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee include: Board Leadership Composition identifying, evaluating, and recommending nominees for election to our Board of Directors; reviewing the composition and structure of our Board of Directors and its committees to develop the right mix of expertise and experience; evaluating the performance of our Board of Directors, its committees, and individual directors; recommending committee assignments and leadership roles within the Board; Governance Oversight developing and maintaining corporate governance policies and practices to promote compliance and best practices; overseeing the Board of Directors leadership structure; evaluating director independence in accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC requirements; Succession Planning overseeing executive succession planning to promote smooth leadership transitions; Stockholder Governance Engagement developing policies and procedures for stockholder nominations to our Board of Directors; reviewing stockholder proposals and corporate governance matters; and evaluating and recommending actions on stockholder engagement efforts. AppLovin Corporation 20 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, our Board of Directors held six (6) meetings (including regularly scheduled and special meetings). Each director attended all of (i) the total number of meetings of our Board of Directors held during the period for which he or she has been a director and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of our Board of Directors on which he or she served during the periods that he or she served. Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of our Board of Directors at annual meetings of stockholders, our Corporate Governance Guidelines strongly encourage, but do not require, our directors to attend. Eight (8) of AppLovin s then serving directors were present at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our Compensation Committee during the last fiscal year is o r has been an officer or employee of AppLovin or had any relationship requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee of the board of directors performing equivalent functions) of any other entity that has one of its executive officers serving on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. Board of Directors Evaluations Our Board of Directors, in conjunction with our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, conducts an annual evaluation of the performance of the Board of Directors as a whole and each of its standing committees, including an evaluation of the qualifications and performance of individual members of the Board of Directors and its committees in the context of the overall needs of the Board. The results of the evaluation are reviewed by our independent Chairperson (and previously by our lead independent director) and the chair of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in partnership with our outside legal counsel. Thereafter, the evaluation results and any recommendations for improvement are provided to our Board of Directors and its standing committees by a member of our outside legal counsel. Our Board of Directors and our management work to address any action items that result from this evaluation process. Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses a variety of methods, including from time to time engaging the services of outside consultants and search firms, to identify and evaluate director nominees. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee works with our Board of Directors to determine the desired qualifications, expertise, and characteristics of our Board of Directors, including such factors as relevant business experience and diversity, and with respect to diversity, such factors as differences in professional background, education, skill and other individual qualities, and attributes that contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and experience represented on our Board of Directors. In its evaluation of director nominees, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and our Board of Directors evaluate each director in the context of the membership of the Board of Directors as a group, with the objective of having a group that can best perpetuate the success of the business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using its diversity of background and experience in the various areas. Each director should be an individual of high character and integrity. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also considers the director s past attendance at meetings, participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board of Directors and the Company, and other qualifications and characteristics set forth in the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Some of the qualifications that our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers include, without limitation, issues of character, integrity, judgment, corporate experience, diversity of experience, professional background, independence, area of expertise, length of service, potential conflicts of interest, and other commitments. Director nominees must also have the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity, proven achievement and competence in the director nominee s field, the ability to exercise sound business judgment, skills that are complementary to those of the existing members of the Board of Directors, and the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to our success. Director nominees must understand the fiduciary AppLovin Corporation 21 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents responsibilities that are required of a member of our Board of Directors and have sufficient time and energy available, in the judgment of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, to perform all board of director and applicable committee responsibilities. Members of our Board of Directors are expected to prepare for, attend, and participate in all board of directors and applicable committee meetings. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem, from time to time, are in our and our stockholders best interests. After completing its review and evaluation of director nominees, including incumbent directors, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends to our full Board of Directors the director nominees for selection. Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board of Directors Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director nominees recommended by stockholders who have continuously held at least 1% of our fully diluted capitalization for at least twelve (12) months prior to the date of the submission of the recommendation. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate such recommendations in accordance with its charter, our amended and restated bylaws and our policies and procedures for director nominees, as well as the regular director nominee criteria described above. Eligible stockholders wishing to recommend a nominee for nomination should contact our Corporate Secretary in writing at the address below. Such recommendations must include the nominee s name, home and business contact information, detailed biographical data, relevant qualifications, a signed letter from the nominee confirming willingness to serve, information regarding any relationships between the nominee and the Company, and evidence of the recommending stockholder s ownership of the Company s capital stock. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has discretion to decide which individuals to recommend for nomination as directors. Under our amended and restated bylaws, stockholders may also directly nominate persons for our Board of Directors. Any nomination must comply with the requirements set forth in our amended and restated bylaws and should be sent in writing to our Corporate Secretary at AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. Any notice of director nomination submitted must include the additional information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act and otherwise must comply with applicable federal and state law. To be timely for the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, nominations must be received by our Corporate Secretary observing the same deadlines for stockholder proposals discussed further in the section titled What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as directors? Stockholder Proposals. Communications with the Board of Directors Interested parties wishing to communicate with non-management members of our Board of Directors may do so by writing and mailing the correspondence to our Corporate Secretary at AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. Each communication should set forth (i) the name and address of the stockholder, as it appears on our books, and if the shares of our common stock are held by a nominee, the name and address of the beneficial owner of such shares, and (ii) the class and number of shares of our common stock that are owned of record by the record holder and beneficially by the beneficial owner. Our Corporate Secretary, in consultation with appropriate members of our Board of Directors as necessary, will review all incoming communications (except for mass mailings, product complaints or inquiries, job inquiries, business solicitations, and patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate material), and, if appropriate, will route such communications to the appropriate director(s) or, if none is specified, to the Chairperson of the Board. This procedure does not apply to (i) communications to non-management directors from our officers or directors who are stockholders or (ii) stockholder proposals submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, which are discussed further in the section titled What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as directors? Stockholder Proposals. AppLovin Corporation 22 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Other Governance Information Corporate Governance Guidelines Code of Conduct Our Corporate Governance Guidelines cover how we run our Board of Directors and Company governance matters, including the role of the Board, director qualifications, limitations on additional board service for employee and non-employee directors, Board and committee self-evaluations, and matters regarding our standing Board committees. We have also adopted a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics which applies to every employee, officer, and director and guides how we conduct business with integrity and accountability. You can find our full Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct and Business Ethics on our website at https://investors.applovin.com . Any amendments or waivers for executive officers or directors will be posted there or disclosed in SEC filings as required. Insider Trading Policy Our Board of Directors has adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or disposition of our securities by directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. We believe this policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy was filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. From time to time, we engage in transactions in our own securities. It is the Company s policy to comply with all applicable securities laws and the exchange listing standards applicable to us when engaging in transactions in our securities. Our Insider Trading Policy generally prohibits short sales, engaging in transactions in publicly-traded options (such as puts and calls), and other derivative securities relating to our common stock. This prohibition extends to any hedging or similar transaction designed to decrease the risks associated with holding our securities. In addition, members of our Board of Directors and our employees, including our named executive officers, are prohibited from pledging our securities or holding any of our securities in a margin account; however, upon pre-clearance from a compliance officer in accordance with the Insider Trading Policy, employees may pledge up to 10% of their outstanding common stock as collateral for a loan. Transactions involving a broad-based index or a broad-based fund that include Company securities in addition to securities of other companies, including, for example, transactions involving exchange funds pursuant to which an insider divests Company securities, are not considered hedging transactions under our policy. In addition, specific exceptions to the policy may be granted by a compliance officer in consultation with our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee when the exception would not otherwise contravene the law or the purposes of the policy. Compensation Recovery Policy In November 2023, our Compensation Committee adopted a Compensation Recovery Policy in compliance with the Nasdaq and SEC rules requiring public companies to recover excess incentive-based compensation from current and former executive officers by our Board of Directors in accordance with Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in the event of an accounting restatement. Specifically: If we are required to prepare an accounting restatement due to our material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements, we must clawback from covered executive officers any incentive-based compensation that was in excess of what they would have received had their incentive compensation been determined based on the restated amounts. This applies to incentive compensation received on or after October 2, 2023, covering the three (3) completed fiscal years prior to the restatement date. Equity Ownership Guidelines Our Board adopted Equity Ownership Guidelines to further align the interests of our executive officers and Board of Directors with stockholders. These guidelines set the following expectations for how much Company equity our executive officers and non-employee directors should hold over time: CEO and Chief Technology Officer: 600% of base salary in equity; other executive officers: 300% of base salary in equity; and AppLovin Corporation 23 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents non-employee directors: 500% of annual Board cash retainer (excluding committee or chair retainers). What counts toward the equity ownership requirement? Shares of our Class A and Class B common stock (including unvested restricted stock); shares held in trusts, limited partnerships, or similar entities for the benefit of the executive officer or non-employee director, or their immediate family; shares held in retirement or deferred compensation accounts; and certain RSUs and other full-value awards (whether vested or unvested). What doesn t count? Unexercised stock options; and performance-based awards that remain subject to performance-based vesting requirements. While executive officers and non-employee directors generally have until five (5) years from the later of the adoption of the guidelines or their appointment to meet these ownership requirements, all directors and executive officers are currently in compliance with these requirements. The full guidelines are available at https://investors.applovin.com and may be amended by the Board or Compensation Committee. Director Compensation We have adopted a compensation policy for our non-employee directors (the Director Compensation Policy ). The Director Compensation Policy is designed to attract, retain, and reward experienced non-employee directors. Our Director Compensation Policy is reviewed at least annually by our Compensation Committee and its independent advisor, Semler Brossy, to maintain competitive compensation levels to help us attract qualified non-employee director nominees and retain our existing non-employee directors. Effective April 2026, we amended our Director Compensation Policy to increase our compensation for the chairperson and members of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee and to increase our compensation for the independent Chairperson, given that we had not modified the compensation level for such role since our initial public offering. Under the Director Compensation Policy each non-employee director receives the cash and equity compensation for Board services described below. We also reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable, customary, and documented travel expenses to meetings of our Board of Directors or its committee and other expenses. Annual Non-Employee Director Compensation AppLovin Corporation 24 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Cash Compensation Under our Director Compensation Policy effective during 2025, each non-employee director was entitled to receive an annual cash retainer of $50,000. In addition, non-employee directors were entitled to receive the following annual cash compensation for their service in specific roles on our Board of Directors (the parentheticals show amounts changed effective April 2026): Board Service Audit Committee Chairperson of the Board $ 60,000 ($140,000) Chair $ 35,000 ($45,000) Lead Director $ 75,000 Member $ 10,000 ($15,000) Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair $ 30,000 ($35,000) Chair $ 25,000 Member $ 10,000 ($12,500) Member $ 10,000 In February 2025, the compensation for the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee chair and members were increased from $15,000 and $5,000, respectively. Each non-employee director who serves as the chairperson of a committee will receive only the annual cash fee as the chairperson of the committee, and not the additional annual cash fee as a committee member. All cash payments to non-employee directors are paid quarterly in arrears on a pro-rated basis, and non-employee directors can elect to receive an award of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) or non-qualified stock options in lieu of cash compensation. For such elections, the equity award has a grant date fair value (determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )) of the forgone cash amount, rounded down to the nearest whole share. Equity Compensation Initial Award Each person who first becomes a non-employee director will be granted an initial award on the first trading date on or after the date on which such individual first becomes a non-employee director (the Initial Award ) covering a number of shares of our Class A common stock having a grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP) of $500,000, rounded down to the nearest whole share. The Initial Award will vest in twelve (12) equal quarterly installments beginning on the first standard quarterly vesting date to occur after such individual first becomes a non-employee director and each subsequent standard quarterly vesting date thereafter, subject to the non-employee director continuing to be a service provider through the applicable vesting date. Our standard quarterly vesting dates are February 20, May 20, August 20, and November 20. If the person was a member of our Board of Directors and also an employee, becoming a non-employee director due to termination of employment does not entitle them to an Initial Award. The type of equity award to be granted to a non-employee director will be elected in advance at the discretion of the non-employee director and may consist entirely of RSUs or non-qualified stock options. Annual Award On the date of each annual meeting of our stockholders, each non-employee director will automatically receive an annual equity award (an Annual Award ) covering a number of shares of our Class A common stock having a grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP) of $300,000, rounded down to the nearest whole share. The Annual Award will vest on the earlier of (i) the one (1) year anniversary of the date the Annual Award is granted or (ii) the day prior to the date of the annual meeting next following the date the Annual Award is granted, in each case, subject to the non-employee director continuing to be a service provider through the applicable vesting date. The type of equity award to be granted to a non-employee director will be elected in advance of an annual meeting at the discretion of the non-employee director and may consist entirely of RSUs or non-qualified stock options. Change in Control In the event of a change in control (as defined in our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan )), each non-employee director s outstanding award(s) will fully vest, provided that the non-employee director continues to be a non-employee director through the date of the change in control. AppLovin Corporation 25 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Maximum Annual Compensation Limit The Director Compensation Policy includes a maximum annual limit of $1,000,000 in total cash and equity compensation awards that may be paid, issued, or granted to a non-employee director in the first year of such director s service and $750,000 in any subsequent fiscal year. For purposes of this limitation, the value of equity awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP). Any cash compensation paid or equity awards granted to a person for their service as an employee, or for their service as a consultant (other than as a non-employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. Additionally, reimbursement or payment by the Company of a director s filing fees incurred under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (an HSR Filing Fee ) will not count for purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the intended size of any potential compensation or equity awards to our non-employee directors. 2025 Compensation The following table provides information regarding compensation of our non-employee directors for their service as directors, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. During 2025, Mr. Foroughi and Edward Oberwager, who served as a director until our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, did not receive compensation for service as directors. Name Fees Paid or Earned in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Craig Billings 165,000 299,894 464,894 Herald Chen 50,000 299,894 349,894 Margaret Georgiadis 83,889 299,894 383,783 Alyssa Harvey Dawson 69,444 299,894 369,338 Barbara Messing 69,444 299,894 369,338 Todd Morgenfeld 95,000 299,894 394,894 Eduardo Vivas 50,000 299,894 850,000 (4) 1,199,894 Maynard Webb 50,962 799,771 850,733 1. Mses. Harvey Dawson and Messing and Mr. Webb elected to receive a portion of their cash retainers in the form of fully vested RSU awards, receiving 147, 147, and 57 RSUs, respectively. In accordance with SEC guidance, the cash retainer that each director elected to receive in RSUs is reported as though they had been paid in cash and such retainer had not been converted into RSUs. 2. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received by the director, and there can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be realized by the director. Instead, the amount shown is the grant date fair value of the awards granted in fiscal 2025 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation ( ASC Topic 718 ), disregarding forfeiture assumptions. The grant date fair value of the RSU awards was calculated based on the closing price per share of our Class A common stock on the grant date. For Mr. Webb, his Initial Award in connection with his appointment to the Board in April 2025 had a grant date fair value of $499,877 and his Annual Award had a grant date fair value of $299,894. The amount shown for all other directors reflects the grant date fair value of their Annual Award. 3. As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Billings held 720 RSUs and a stock option covering 4,187 shares of our Class A common stock, Mr. Chen held 720 RSUs and a stock option covering 330,201 shares of our Class A common stock, Ms. Georgiadis held 720 RSUs, Ms. Harvey Dawson held 720 RSUs, Ms. Messing held 3,564 RSUs, Mr. Morgenfeld held 3,218 RSUs, Mr. Vivas held 720 RSUs and a stock option covering 15,537 shares of our Class A common stock, and Mr. Webb held 2,083 RSUs. 4. Amounts reflect the Company s payment of a required HSR Filing Fee incurred by Mr. Vivas, which payment was approved by the Board of Directors. AppLovin Corporation 26 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Our Audit Committee has a ppointed Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte ), an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our consolidated financial statements for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Deloitte has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 2015 when they were first engaged to complete our fiscal year 2014 audit. At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders are being asked to ratify the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Our Audit Committee is submitting the appointment of Deloitte to our stockholders because we value our stockholders views on our independent registered public accounting firm and as a matter of good corporate governance. The Audit Committee believes that the continued retention of Deloitte is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In arriving at this conclusion, the Audit Committee believes that Deloitte's global reputation, deep technical expertise, and familiarity with complex international operations make them well-qualified to serve the Company and our stockholders. Notwithstanding the appointment of Deloitte, and even if our stockholders ratify the appointment, our Audit Committee, in its discretion, may appoint another independent registered public accounting firm at any time during our fiscal year if our Audit Committee believes that such a change would be in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. If our stockholders do not ratify the appointment of Deloitte, our Board of Directors may reconsider the appointment. Representatives of Deloitte will be present at the Annual Meeting, have an opportunity to make a statement, and be available to respond to appropriate questions from our stockholders. Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The following table presents fees for professional audit services and other services rendered to our Company by Deloitte for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. ($ in thousands) 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 4,078 $ 4,995 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees (2) 730 1,228 All Other Fees Total Fees $ 4,808 $ 6,223 1. Audit Fees include fees related to professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, the audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reviews of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and for audit services provided in connection with other statutory and regulatory filings. 2. Tax Fees include fees related to services for U.S. federal, state, local, international, and other tax compliance, planning, advisory, and consultation services. Auditor Independence In our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 there were no other professional services provided by Deloitte, other than those described above, that would have required our Audit Committee to consider their compatibility with maintaining the independence of Deloitte. AppLovin Corporation 27 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Audit Committee Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Our Audit Committee has established a policy governing our use of the services of our independent registered public accounting firm. Under this policy, our Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit services and permissible non-audit services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that the provision of such services does not impair the public accountants independence. All services provided by Deloitte for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, which includes all fees for audit services, were pre-approved by our audit committee in accordance with the policy. Vote Required The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM. AppLovin Corporation 28 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee is a committee of the Board of Directors comprised solely of independent directors as required by Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC rules and regulations. The composition of the Audit Committee, the attributes of its members and the responsibilities of the Audit Committee, as reflected in its charter, are intended to be in accordance with applicable requirements for corporate Audit Committees. With respect to AppLovin s financial reporting process, AppLovin s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls and preparing AppLovin s financial statements. Deloitte, AppLovin s independent registered public accounting firm, is responsible for performing an independent audit of AppLovin s financial statements. It is the responsibility of the Audit Committee to oversee these activities. It is not the responsibility of the Audit Committee to prepare AppLovin s financial statements. These are the fundamental responsibilities of management. In the performance of its oversight function, the Audit Committee has: reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management; discussed with Deloitte the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) and the SEC; and received the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with Deloitte its independence. Based on the Audit Committee s review and discussions with management and Deloitte, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for filing with the SEC. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors for fiscal year 2025, Todd Morgenfeld (Chair) Craig Billings Margaret Georgiadis Alyssa Harvey Dawson Maynard Webb This report of the Audit Committee is required by the SEC and, in accordance with the SEC s rules, will not be deemed to be part of or incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this proxy statement into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference and will not otherwise be deemed soliciting material or filed under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. AppLovin Corporation 29 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 3 Advisory Vote on the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ) and SEC rules, we are providing our stockholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on an advisory or non-binding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act. This proposal, commonly known as a Say-on-Pay proposal, gives our stockholders the opportunity to express their views on our named executive officers compensation as a whole. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation or any specific named executive officer, but rather the overall compensation of all of our named executive officers and the philosophy, policies, and practices described in this proxy statement. In 2023, we held an advisory vote with respect to the frequency of Say-on-Pay votes, and after we reviewed the results of such vote, we have held a Say-on-Pay vote every three years. Our next Say-on-Pay vote would occur at our 2029 annual meeting of stockholders. The Say-on-Pay vote is advisory, and therefore is not binding on us, our Compensation Committee, or our Board of Directors. The Say-on-Pay vote will, however, provide information to us regarding investor sentiment about our executive compensation philosophy, policies, and practices, which our Compensation Committee will be able to consider when determining executive compensation for the remainder of the current fiscal year and beyond. Our Board of Directors and our Compensation Committee value the opinions of our stockholders. We encourage our stockholders to read the disclosures set forth below in the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement to review the correlation between compensation and performance, as well as the compensation actions taken in 2025. We believe that the information provided in the section titled Com pensation Discussion and Analy si s , and in particular the information discussed in the section titled Compensation Discus sion and A nalysis Compensation Philosophy , demonstrates that our executive compensation program was designed appropriately and is working to align management s interests with our stockholders interests to support long-term value creation. Accordingly, we ask our stockholders to vote For the following resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers, as disclosed in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the compensation discussion and analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion and other related disclosure. Vote Required The approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers, requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to be approved. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect. As an advisory vote, the result of this proposal is non-binding. Although the vote is non-binding, our Board of Directors and our Compensation Committee value the opinions of our stockholders and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for our named executive officers. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. AppLovin Corporation 30 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Executive Officers The following table identifies certain information about our executive officers as of March 31, 2026. Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our Board of Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Name Age Position Adam Foroughi 45 Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Matthew Stumpf 42 Chief Financial Officer Vasily Shikin 41 Chief Technology Officer Victoria Valenzuela 52 Chief Administrative Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary For the biographies of Mr. Foroughi and Ms. Valenzuela, see the section titled Director Nominees . Matthew Stumpf. Mr. Stumpf has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2024 and prior to that served as our Vice President of Finance and FP A from July 2022 through December 2023 and as our Senior Director, FP A from February 2020 through June 2022. Prior to joining us, Mr. Stumpf worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers, an audit and assurance, consulting and tax services firm, from 2006 to 2020 in roles of increasing responsibility, including most recently as Transaction Services - Financial Due Diligence Director. He holds a B.A. in Business Management Economics from the University of California, Santa Cruz. Vasily Shikin. Mr. Shikin has served as our Chief Technology Officer since January 2020 and prior to that served as our Vice President of Engineering since January 2012. Prior to joining us, from May 2008 to January 2012, he served as Senior Software Engineer at DeviceAnywhere, Inc., a cloud-based platform for testing and monitoring mobile websites and applications acquired by Keynote Systems, Inc. Mr. Shikin holds a Masters in Mathematics from Saint-Petersburg State University. AppLovin Corporation 31 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis This compensation discussion and analysis includes a discussion of compensation for the following individuals who served as executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, who we refer to as our named executive officers ( NEOs ): Adam Foroughi, our CEO and Co-Founder; Matthew Stumpf, our Chief Financial Officer; Vasily Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer; and Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Administrative Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. In April 2026, we announced that Mr. Shikin would be transitioning to serve in a non-executive officer capacity as a Distinguished Engineer, effective July 1, 2026, and that Ms. Valenzuela would be retiring, effective August 1, 2026. Ms. Valenzuela is standing for election as a member of our Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting and will serve as a consultant to the Company until May 31, 2027. Business Context AppLovin is one of the world s leading advertising technology companies, helping advertisers across the world drive incremental revenue. In 2025, we continued our rapid growth, driving another year of record revenue, profitability, and cash flows. We finished the year with $5.5 billion in revenue at exceptional margins and levels of cash flow, which we were able to use to invest in product development and talent, as well as our own business through $2.2 billion in share repurchases. With the sale of our Apps business, we realigned our company to focus on our core advertising solutions. Our team shipped meaningful model enhancements to our Axon AI recommendation engine, driving better performance for both our advertisers and our business. We continued our initial expansion into onboarding web-based e-commerce advertisers and we remain steadfast in our mission to make profitable growth accessible to every business. We continue to operate with a small, high-impact team, where growth comes from automation, efficiency, and product excellence rather than headcount. Our compensation decisions, which emphasize equity ownership and long-term value creation, reflect the importance of retaining our most critical talent and encouraging our team to continue to innovate for sustained future growth. Compensation Philosophy Because of our lean, highly efficient team, we must attract and retain top-tier leaders people who thrive in a high-performance environment and can drive long-term value creation for our stockholders. Our compensation approach therefore rewards exceptional long-term outcomes and aligns our executive team with stockholder interests. We emphasize equity : We believe this fosters an entrepreneurial mindset one that prioritizes long-term value creation over short-term gains, aligning management with stockholders. We pay for impact : Maximizing staffing efficiency allows us to provide a high-reward structure for those who deliver outsized impact. We believe the strategic leadership of our executive team is critical to our future growth, and our Compensation Committee regularly evaluates how best to incentivize and retain these key leaders. We focus on stockholder alignment : Our Compensation Committee regularly evaluates aggregate compensation cost, executive pay, equity burn rate, and dilution. We review against peers and industry disruptors to design pay programs that provide substantial long-term value to stockholders while allowing us to attract, retain, and motivate the best talent. AppLovin Corporation 32 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Executive Compensation Policies and Practices We endeavor to maintain compensation policies and practices that are consistent with sound governance standards. We believe it is important to provide competitive compensation packages and a high-quality work environment in order to hire, retain, and incentivize critical talent, particularly given the nature of the market in which we compete for key talent. We believe our executive compensation program being heavily weighted to equity-based compensation, rather than cash compensation, provides attractive and competitive compensation to our executives as well as aligns them with our stockholders. The following policies and practices were in effect during 2025: Compensation Committee Driven Executive Compensation Program . Our independent Compensation Committee drives program design, supported by the advice of their independent compensation consultant. Peer Data Reviewed . Our Compensation Committee annually assesses our executive compensation program relative to peer companies. No Base Salary Increase . We have maintained our base salary cap of $400,000 since before our initial public offering in 2021. No Annual Cash Bonuses for Executive Officers . We instead focus on equity as our primary compensation element and evaluate annual performance and impact of our NEOs as part of the decision-making process for equity awards. No "Evergreen Increases for 2026 . In October 2025, our Compensation Committee elected to forego the automatic annual increases to the shares reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan and our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ) for 2026 given our low equity burn rate and sizable existing reserves. Equity Ownership Guidelines . Our Equity Ownership Guidelines further align the interests of our executive officers and non-employee directors with the interests of our stockholders by requiring executive officers and non-employee directors to accumulate and hold equity with a specified aggregate value. Each of our executive officers meaningfully exceeds the requirements of our Equity Ownership Guidelines. For more information, see the section titled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Other Governance Information Equity Ownership Guidelines . No Golden Parachute Tax Reimbursements . We do not provide any tax reimbursement payments (including gross-ups ) on any tax liability that our executive officers might owe as a result of the application of Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Hedging and Pledging Restrictions . Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits members of our Board of Directors and employees, including our executive officers, from hedging or pledging any Company securities; provided, that employees may pledge up to 10% of any Company securities as collateral for a loan with prior approval from a compliance officer in accordance with our Insider Trading Policy. For more information, see the section titled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Other Governance Information Insider Trading Policy . Compensation Recovery Policy . If we are required to prepare an accounting restatement due to our material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements, our Compensation Recovery Policy requires us to clawback from covered officers applicable incentive-based compensation received by them in excess of what they would have received had their incentive compensation been determined based on the restated amounts. For more information, see the section titled Board of Directors and Corporate Governanc e Other Governance Information Compensation Recovery Policy . AppLovin Corporation 33 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Compensation-Setting Process For 2025, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee, in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, reviewed our executive compensation program and related policies and practices. In determining the compensation of our NEOs for 2025, our Compensation Committee considered the Company s overall strategic business plan and needs with respect to providing incentives for and achieving retention of the talent critical to meeting our strategic business plan, as well as a number of factors including, but not limited to: market data and analysis conducted by the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, related to the Company s existing and proposed compensation program design as compared to compensation structures that include base salary, cash bonuses, equity, and other compensation; peer compensation data for each NEO role at the peer group companies described below; design recommendations made directly to the Compensation Committee by our independent compensation consultant with respect to our executive and director compensation programs; the retentive value, burn rate and stock-based compensation expense impact of our executive compensation programs and awards under such programs, as well as internal pay equity relative to the future impact of such awards on the Company s business, performance and equity value; input from our NEOs on past individual performance and expected future performance of our CEO and other NEOs, although our CEO abstains from discussions with the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors regarding his personal compensation; current salary levels and the vesting status of prior equity awards of each NEO and the value of existing vested and unvested equity holdings of each NEO, as well as the time since the last equity grant to each NEO and the criticality of each NEO to our future business success; in-year earnings from prior equity awards; feedback from our non-employee directors both on the Compensation Committee and our full Board of Directors, during executive sessions and other discussions held without our NEOs; the results of our most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation (Say-on-Pay); and the Company s performance and current business context. The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the compensation for our NEOs other than our CEO. In the case of our CEO, while the Compensation Committee evaluates the CEO s performance and recommends compensation decisions, final approval of CEO compensation rests with the full Board of Directors, excluding the CEO. This process ensures that compensation decisions for the CEO reflect the input and oversight of all independent members of the Board. Use of Independent Compensation Consultant The Compensation Committee has authority to appoint and retain a compensation consultant. The fees for services rendered by the compensation consultant are paid by the Company. For 2025 compensation decisions, our Compensation Committee engaged Semler Brossy as its independent compensation consultant to advise on executive compensation matters including: overall compensation program design, peer group development and updates, and collecting market data to inform our compensation programs for our executives and members of our Board of Directors. We develop our compensation programs after reviewing publicly available compensation data relevant to our business, industry and companies with whom we compete for talent. Semler Brossy advised the Compensation Committee on all of the principal aspects of executive and director compensation for 2025. Semler Brossy attends meetings of the Compensation Committee when requested to do so and reports directly to our Compensation Committee and not to management, although it meets with management for purposes of gathering information for its analyses and recommendations. In addition to attending meetings of the Compensation Committee, Semler Brossy also meets informally with Compensation Committee members upon request. Our Compensation Committee has assessed the independence of Semler Brossy consistent with Nasdaq corporate governance rules and has concluded that Semler Brossy is independent and that the Compensation Committee s engagement with Semler Brossy does not raise any conflict of interest. AppLovin Corporation 34 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Use of a Peer Group The Compensation Committee approves a peer group of companies as a reference group to provide a broad perspective on competitive pay levels and practices. The peers are reviewed on an annual basis in light of our growth and changes in our industry. We undertake this review with the assistance and recommendations of the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant. In February 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a peer group for use in making 2025 compensation decisions. Given our continued growth and the limited number of companies with similar business economics, the Compensation Committee s review focused on larger, more complex technology companies with an AI focus. As a result, the February 2025 peer group reflected a material change from the Company s previously approved peer group, including the removal of 13 companies with smaller market capitalization and business dynamics and the addition of nine new companies. The Compensation Committee used the following criteria in determining the appropriate peer companies: Industry / Sector publicly-traded technology companies, with a focus on advertising technology companies and companies with an AI focus; Revenue between 0.25x and 4.00x that of AppLovin; Market Capitalization between 0.33x and 3.00x that of AppLovin; and Talent Competitors technology companies with whom we compete for talent. Adobe Inc. Oracle Corporation Shopify Inc. Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Palantir Technologies Inc. Synopsys, Inc. CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. The Trade Desk, Inc. Datadog, Inc. Salesforce, Inc. Intuit Inc. ServiceNow, Inc. The Compensation Committee considers competitive compensation data from an annual total compensation study of peer executives at the selected peer companies to inform its decisions about overall compensation opportunities and specific compensation elements. That said, our compensation decisions are not benchmarked to peer companies but are made holistically based on the consideration of many factors, including, but not limited to, individual and Company performance, market data, internal pay equity, experience, and strategic needs. Compensation Decisions The Compensation Committee made the following key decisions about NEO compensation in 2025. Maintain consistent base salary levels across all NEO roles with no increase; see Elements of Executive Pay and 202 5 Compensation Base Salary below. Provide one-year, time-vested RSU awards in equal amounts to all executive officers, as set forth under Elements of Executive Pay and 2025 Compensation Equity Compensation below and in the compensation table titled Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 202 5 . Continue to deliver all variable pay in the form of equity compensation (i.e., no annual cash bonus program) to align NEO interests with those of our stockholders. The Compensation Committee approved RSU award amounts for non-CEO NEOs and recommended the RSU award amount for our CEO to the Board of Directors for approval. The Compensation Committee reviewed external analyses and held several in-depth discussions to align on compensation structures that will continue to support and reward the significant impact of our executive officers and while aligning their incentives with those of our stockholders to promote long-term growth. AppLovin Corporation 35 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents These discussions were conducted by the Compensation Committee in executive session, with its independent compensation consultant, and (except in regard to CEO pay) with the CEO. No other members of management were present. The Compensation Committee considered the various factors set forth above in Our Compensation-Setting Process. The Compensation Committee and Board of Directors believe their 2025 compensation decisions were appropriate in light of outstanding 2025 Company and NEO performance and the returns delivered to stockholders. Elements of Executive Pay and 2025 Compensation Our executive compensation program for 2025 consisted of the following principal compensation elements: base salary; and long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity incentives. We are committed to providing appropriate cash and equity incentives to compensate our NEOs in a manner that our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee determine is reasonable and appropriate to hire, incentivize, and retain key talent. We do not utilize an annual cash bonus program for executive officers and instead, our Compensation Committee evaluates annual performance and the impact of our NEOs in determining the size of annual equity awards. Base Salary Base salary is a customary, fixed element of compensation intended to retain our NEOs and compensate them for their day-to-day efforts. Base salaries are reviewed periodically, including at the time of a promotion or other change in responsibilities. We believe equity compensation is a more important motivator to our senior executives and therefore the base salaries are generally consistent and capped at $400,000. By limiting base salary amounts, a higher portion of executive pay takes the form of equity awards, aligning executive and stockholder interests. The following table sets forth the 2025 base salary for each of our NEOs, which were unchanged from 2024: Name 2025 Base Salary ($) Adam Foroughi 400,000 Matthew Stumpf 400,000 Vasily Shikin 400,000 Victoria Valenzuela 400,000 Equity Compensation Annual Equity Grants Consistent with our compensation objectives, we believe that equity awards align the interests of our executive team and our stockholders, allow us to attract and motivate critical talent in a competitive hiring market, and foster an entrepreneurial culture that drives efficiency. In 2025, our Compensation Committee, together with its independent compensation consultant, engaged in a market review of the total compensation of our named executive officers to consider annual equity awards for our NEOs, taking into account existing vested and unvested equity as well as the fact that we do not have an executive cash bonus program. In October 2025, the Company issued equally-sized RSU awards, vesting over one year, to each of Messrs. Foroughi, Stumpf, and Shikin and Ms. Valenzuela. This approach created parity amongst the NEOs, given their meaningful existing equity ownership and the wealth creation for Messrs. Foroughi and Shikin, and to a lesser extent, Mr. Stumpf, from the performance-based RSUs ( PSUs ) granted in 2023, which were fully earned in 2024. The award size placed total compensation for Messrs. Foroughi, Shikin, and Stumpf below median peer values. For Ms. Valenzuela, the award size placed her total compensation slightly above the 75th percentile of peer values for Chief Legal Officers, AppLovin Corporation 36 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents which the Compensation Committee deemed appropriate in light of the expansion of her responsibilities in July 2025 to cover both the legal and people organizations. We intend to grant annual equity awards in the fall of the year prior to the service year the grant is intended to cover, vesting over four quarterly dates in the subsequent year. These grants are designed to be competitive with comparable roles in the technology sector and reflective of company and individual performance, leadership contribution, and criticality of the role in our Company. We believe this annual grant cycle is appropriate, especially given we do not have an annual cash bonus plan for executive officers, and that rewarding contributions and participation in the form of future awards motivates our leaders to be self-starters and think like Company owners. We further determined that RSU grants vesting over one year, rather than larger grants intended to vest over multiple years, were appropriate considering the historical volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock because this structure provides us with greater likelihood of delivering the intended value during the period after grant. We believe this structure also promotes our pay for impact compensation philosophy, allowing us to compensate our executives for current performance more consistently than would be possible with multi-year vesting schedules that provide a fixed level of equity subject only to continuous service. Benefits The Company s philosophy is to provide minimal perquisites to our executives. In 2025, the Company continued its historical practice of paying required HSR Filing Fees on behalf of our directors and officers, following approval by the Board or Compensation Committee, where such filings were required due to their existing equity holdings and the vesting of new compensatory awards. In 2025, the Company also paid for comprehensive executive health evaluations covering a variety of advanced screenings and health assessments for Mr. Stumpf and Ms. Valenzuela, which was intended to encourage our executives to engage knowledgeable experts to assist with their health and well-being. The Compensation Committee believes that these perquisites are reasonable and consistent with the Company s overall compensation program. Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in the same benefits programs offered to all employees. We maintain a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement plan that provides eligible U.S. employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis, subject to limitations established by the tax laws. The Company matches 100% of the first 1% of employee contributions and up to 50% on the next 5% of employee contributions, up to a maximum of 3.5% of the employee s annual income. Our Company match is fully vested as of each contribution date. The 401(k) plan is intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a) with the 401(k) plan s related trust intended to be tax exempt under Code Section 501(a). As a tax-qualified retirement plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on those contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed from the 401(k) plan. Our named executive officers are permitted to participate in the same health and welfare plans as other U.S. employees, including medical, dental, and vision plans, as well as our ESPP. AppLovin Corporation 37 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Other Compensation Information Accounting Considerations We take financial reporting implications into consideration in designing compensation plans and arrangements for the members of our executive team, other employees, and members of our Board of Directors. These accounting considerations include the recognition of stock-based compensation expense under ASC Topic 718, which governs the accounting treatment of stock-based compensation awards. Part of our Compensation Committee and Board