=== QCOM_2026-01-22.htm.gz ===
tm2528704-1_nonfiling - none - 36.3606833s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (AMENDMENT NO. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to Section 240.14a-12 QUALCOMM INCORPORATED (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS January 22, 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting) of QUALCOMM Incorporated (Qualcomm) on Tuesday, March 17, 2026. The meeting will begin promptly at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time . As in prior years, we are conducting the Annual Meeting virtually via a live webcast and using online stockholder tools. We believe that the virtual meeting format facilitates stockholder attendance and participation by allowing stockholders to participate fully from any location, while reducing the costs to stockholders and the Company associated with an in-person meeting. We will begin the Annual Meeting with a discussion and vote on the matters set forth in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, followed by a business update and a question and answer session. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, please vote as soon as possible. You may vote via the Internet, by telephone, by completing and returning your proxy card or voting instruction form, by scanning your QR code with your mobile device, or during the live webcast, as set forth in the proxy statement. Voting by any of these methods will ensure your representation at the Annual Meeting. Your vote is very important to us. I encourage you to vote as our Board of Directors has recommended. Thank you for your support and your continued interest in Qualcomm. Sincerely, Cristiano R. Amon President and Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS 5775 Morehouse Drive San Diego, California 92121-1714 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held On March 17, 2026 To the Stockholders of QUALCOMM Incorporated: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting) of QUALCOMM Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, will be held in a virtual meeting format only on Tuesday, March 17, 2026 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time to vote on the following matters: The election of 11 directors to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors have been elected and qualified. The ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent public accountants for our fiscal year ending September 27, 2026. The approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers. The approval, on an advisory basis, of the frequency of future advisory votes on our executive compensation. The approval of the Amended and Restated QUALCOMM Incorporated 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan, including an increase in the share reserve by 24,000,000 shares. Stockholder proposals described in the accompanying proxy statement, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. Such other business as may properly come before stockholders at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Annual Meeting will be held virtually via a live webcast. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, submit questions and vote during the live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026 and entering the 16-digit control number (Control Number) included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, on your proxy card or voting instruction form, or in the instructions that you received via email. You may also submit questions in advance of the meeting at www.proxyvote.com after logging in with your Control Number. Please refer to the additional logistical details and recommendations in the accompanying proxy statement. The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on January 16, 2026 as the Record Date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. By Order of the Board of Directors, Ann Chaplin Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary San Diego, California January 22, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TABLE OF CONTENTS i PROXY STATEMENT OVERVIEW 1 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 1 How to Vote 1 Voting Matters and Board Recommendations 1 Overview of the Board Nominees 2 Board Composition, Experience Qualifications 3 Executive Compensation Highlights 5 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Meeting Information 7 Registered Owners and Beneficial Owners 7 Virtual Meeting 7 Voting Rights and Outstanding Shares 8 Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 8 Voting Methods 8 How Your Shares Will Be Voted 9 Voting Results 9 Broker Non-Votes and Abstentions 9 Determination of Quorum 10 Revocability of Proxies 10 Proxy Solicitation 10 Stockholder Proposals 10 Householding 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 12 Code of Ethics and Corporate Governance Principles and Practices 12 Board Leadership Structure 12 Board Meetings, Committees and Attendance 13 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 15 Director Nominations 15 Director Service on Other Boards 16 Board Evaluations 17 Majority Voting 17 Stock Ownership Guidelines 17 Communications with Directors 18 Annual Meeting Attendance 18 Director Independence 18 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 18 Insider Trading Policy and Employee, Officer and Director Hedging and Pledging 18 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 19 Management s Ongoing Stockholder Engagement 19 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 20 Election of Directors 20 Nominees for Election 21 Required Vote and Board Recommendation 27 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 28 Fees for Professional Services 28 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services of Independent Public Accountants 28 Representation from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP at the Annual Meeting 29 Required Vote and Board Recommendation 29 PROPOSAL 3: APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 30 Compensation Program Best Practices 30 Effect of this Resolution 30 Required Vote and Board Recommendation 30 PROPOSAL 4: ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 32 Required Vote and Board Recommendation 32 PROPOSAL 5: APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED QUALCOMM INCORPORATED 2023 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN, INCLUDING AN INCREASE IN THE SHARE RESERVE BY 24,000,000 SHARES 33 Factors Regarding Our Equity Usage and Needs 33 Key Features of the Restated 2023 LTIP 33 Historical Award Information 34 Summary of the Restated 2023 LTIP 35 Equity Compensation Plan Information 43 Required Vote and Board Recommendation 43 PROPOSAL 6: STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL SHAREHOLDER ABILITY TO CALL FOR A SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING 44 Stockholder Proposal 44 The Company s Statement in Opposition to Proposal 6 44 Required Vote and Board Recommendation 45 PROPOSAL 7: STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REPORT ON RISK OF CHINA EXPOSURE 46 Stockholder Proposal 46 The Company s Statement in Opposition to Proposal 7 47 Required Vote and Board Recommendation 49 STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 50 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED-PERSON TRANSACTIONS 52 HR AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 53 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 54 Our NEOs for Fiscal 2025 54 Fiscal 2025 Performance 55 Say-on-Pay Vote and Stockholder Outreach 56 Program Overview 56 Other Compensation Components 62 Process and Rationale for Executive Compensation Decisions 64 HR AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 67 COMPENSATION RISK MANAGEMENT 67 COMPENSATION TABLES AND NARRATIVE DISCLOSURES 68 Summary Compensation Table 68 All Other Compensation 69 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 70 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 71 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal 2025 73 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 74 Potential Post-Employment Payments 74 CEO Pay Ratio 78 Pay Versus Performance 78 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 81 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 84 OTHER MATTERS 85 APPENDIX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES A-1 APPENDIX B: AMENDED AND RESTATED QUALCOMM INCORPORATED 2023 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN B-1 2026 PROXY STATEMENT i TABLE OF CONTENTS Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: In addition to historical information, this proxy statement contains forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to statements regarding: our long-term incentive plan, including its impact on talent acquisition and retention and anticipated equity usage thereunder; our executive and director compensation programs and strategies; our growth and diversification strategies; long-term revenue targets; the benefits of our products and technologies; new product releases, announcements and design wins; acquisitions, collaborations or other strategic transactions, including the anticipated benefits thereof; and our programs, initiatives and goals related to corporate responsibility and sustainability. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, goal, believe, seek, estimate, may, will, would and similar expressions. Actual results may differ materially from those referred to in the forward-looking statements due to a number of important factors, including those described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), a copy of which we are providing (or making available) to our stockholders concurrently with this proxy statement, and in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. Website references: This proxy statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and materials are not incorporated by reference in, and are not a part of, this proxy statement. ii 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT OVERVIEW This proxy statement overview is a summary of information that you will find throughout this proxy statement. As this is only an overview, we encourage you to read the entire proxy statement for more information about these topics prior to voting. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS (ANNUAL MEETING) DATE AND TIME LOCATION RECORD DATE TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 2026 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Virtual Meeting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026 JANUARY 16, 2026 DATE OF FIRST DISTRIBUTION OF PROXY MATERIALS IS JANUARY 22, 2026 HOW TO VOTE To vote prior to the Annual Meeting, Stockholders of record as of the Record Date may vote via the Internet at www.proxyvote.com, by telephone at 1-800-690-6903 , by completing and returning your proxy card or voting instruction form, or by scanning with your mobile device the QR code provided to you. See the Voting Methods section on page 8 . Over the Internet at www.proxyvote.com By telephone at 1-800-690-6903 By mailing your completed proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided By scanning the QR code with your mobile device To vote during the Annual Meeting, stockholders should follow the instructions at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026 . See the Virtual Meeting and Voting Methods sections below for more information. VOTING MATTERS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote as follows: Proposal Board Recommendation Page Reference PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors FOR each Nominee 20 PROPOSAL 2: Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent public accountants for our fiscal year ending September 27, 2026 FOR 28 PROPOSAL 3: Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers FOR 30 PROPOSAL 4: Approval, on an advisory basis, of the frequency of future advisory votes on our executive compensation 1 YEAR 32 PROPOSAL 5: Approval of the Amended and Restated QUALCOMM Incorporated 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan, including an increase in the share reserve by 24,000,000 shares FOR 33 PROPOSAL 6: Stockholder proposal entitled Shareholder Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting AGAINST 44 PROPOSAL 7: Stockholder proposal entitled Report on Risk of China Exposure AGAINST 46 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT OVERVIEW 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT OVERVIEW B OARD C OMPOSITION, E XPERIENCE Q UALIFICATIONS The matrix below summarizes some of the key experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills of each individual director nominee. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each of our director nominee s skills or contributions to the Board of Directors (Board). Further information on each director nominee, including specific experience, qualifications, attributes and/or skills is set forth in Nominees for Election beginning on page 21 of this proxy statement. Name Executive Leadership Public Company Board Experience Technology Industry Accounting | Finance Public Policy | Political Affairs International Business Information Security Sustainability Sylvia Acevedo Cristiano Amon Mark Fields Jeffrey W. Henderson Jeremy (Zico) Kolter Ann M. Livermore Mark McLaughlin Jamie S. Miller Marie Myers Irene B. Rosenfeld Jean-Pascal Tricoire Category Description Executive Leadership Experience in a senior leadership role at a public company or other large organization Public Company Board Service Experience on the board of directors of at least one other public company Technology Industry Experience in a company or companies in the information technology industry, including semiconductors and semiconductor equipment, software and information technology services, and technology hardware and equipment Accounting | Finance Experience in financial accounting, financial reporting, corporate finance, auditing, internal controls and procedures, capital markets and/or capital allocation in a public company or other large organization Public Policy | Political Affairs Experience as a member of government and/or through extensive interactions with government, policymakers or government agencies International Business Experience in a business with significant international operations and in a role with responsibility in international markets Information Security Experience in cybersecurity, information technology security and/or data security Sustainability Experience or education in sustainability matters 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT OVERVIEW Except for our CEO, all of our directors are independent within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq rules. Our Chair of the Board is an independent director. Consistent with Qualcomm s long-standing values, our Board represents a diverse group of individuals with extensive experience. Our Board values the insights brought through a broad range of perspectives, and diversity in professional experience, competencies and backgrounds. We were pleased to add three new Directors to our Board in fiscal 2025: Marie Myers, Christopher D. Young and Jeremy (Zico) Kolter. These additions have contributed extensive financial, operational, strategic and technological expertise, as well as fresh perspectives, to our boardroom. Our Board also benefits from the significant continued contributions of our longer-serving directors, who have a deep understanding of our company and strategy, including risks and opportunities. The Board Composition and Director Tenure graphs above include all current directors. As previously disclosed, directors Kornelis (Neil) Smit and Christopher D. Young will conclude their service on our Board at the Annual Meeting. 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT OVERVIEW EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS Compensation Program Best Practices Our compensation program is market-based and supports our business strategy. We avoid problematic pay practices and have implemented compensation plans that reinforce a performance-based company culture. What We Do What We Don t Do A significant portion of our executive officers compensation varies with the Company s performance. For fiscal 2025, 61% of our CEO s target total direct compensation and 60% of our other named executive officers (NEOs ) aggregate target total direct compensation was based on Company performance. At least 90% of our NEOs (including our CEO s) target total direct compensation is variable and is tied to our financial and/or stock performance. Our LTIP and Change in Control Severance Plan include a double-trigger provision for vesting of equity in connection with a change in control. In the event of a change in control where the acquirer assumes our outstanding unvested equity awards, the vesting of an executive officer s awards would accelerate only if the executive officer experiences a qualifying termination of employment in connection with the change in control. Awards that are not assumed will vest in accordance with the terms of the Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) and applicable award agreements. We have a balanced approach to our incentive compensation programs with differentiated measures and time periods, and an ACIP modifier for human capital advancements. Our fiscal 2025 Annual Cash Incentive Plan (ACIP) is based on one-year Adjusted Revenues and Adjusted Operating Income, with a modifier for human capital advancements. Performance stock units (PSUs) are based on three-year relative total stockholder return (RTSR) and Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS) performance and have a three-year cliff vest. Restricted stock units (RSUs) vest annually over three years. We have limits on the amounts of variable compensation that may be earned. Earned amounts under our ACIP are limited to 2x target amounts, and earned PSUs are limited to 2x target shares. We further limit earned RTSR PSUs to no more than the target shares if absolute total stockholder return (TSR) is negative over the three-year performance period, regardless of the level of RTSR. We have an incentive compensation repayment ( clawback ) policy that is applicable to cash and equity incentive compensation. We require executive officers to repay to us earned amounts under our ACIP and PSUs if required by our clawback policy, applicable regulations or stock exchange rules. A copy of our clawback policy is publicly filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have robust stock ownership guidelines. Our CEO is required to own 10x his salary and our other executive officers are required to own 2x their respective salaries in our common stock. As of December 15, 2025, all of our NEOs who were serving as executive officers on such date met their stock ownership guidelines. Additional information regarding stock ownership of management is contained in the Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management section on page 50 . We manage potential compensation-related risks to the Company. We perform annual risk assessments for our executive compensation program, as well as incentive arrangements below the executive level. This review is supported by Pay Governance, the HR and Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant. We engage independent advisors. The HR and Compensation Committee obtains advice and assistance from external legal and other advisors. Its independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance, provides information and advice regarding compensation philosophy, objectives and strategy, including trends and regulatory and governance considerations related to executive compensation. Our executive officers do not have employment contracts . All of our executive officers are employed at will. This permits termination of employment with or without cause. Our executive officers do not receive unique tax gross-ups. We do not provide tax gross-ups for executive officers benefits unless they are provided under a policy generally applicable to other U.S.-based employees at the Director and above level, such as relocation. Our executive officers are not covered by single-trigger change-in-control provisions. We do not have severance arrangements that trigger solely by virtue of a change in control (i.e., no single-trigger payments) or excise tax gross-ups for change-in-control payments. Our executive officers are restricted in certain stock trading activities. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our executive officers, including NEOs, and directors from pledging our common stock, engaging in hedging transactions and trading in put and call options and other types of derivative instruments. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT OVERVIEW Target Pay Mix for Named Executive Officers for Fiscal Year 2025 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT In this document, the words Qualcomm, the Company, we, our, and us refer to QUALCOMM Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. MEETING INFORMATION The Board of Directors (Board) of QUALCOMM Incorporated is soliciting your proxy for use at the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting) to be held on March 17, 2026 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Annual Meeting is open to stockholders of record as of January 16, 2026 (Record Date) and/or their designated representatives. Interested persons who were not stockholders as of the close of business on the Record Date may view, but not participate in, the Annual Meeting online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026. REGISTERED OWNERS AND BENEFICIAL OWNERS Registered Owners. If your shares are registered directly in your name with Qualcomm s transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are the registered owner with respect to those shares. Beneficial Owners. If your shares are held in an account at a bank, broker or other holder of record, you are the beneficial owner of those shares, which is commonly referred to as being held in street name. Most individual stockholders are beneficial owners and hold their shares in street name. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to instruct the bank, broker or other holder of record how to vote your shares. If you are a registered owner and receive paper proxy materials, those materials will include a proxy card which you may use to vote your shares. If you are a beneficial owner and receive paper proxy materials, those materials will include a document similar to a proxy card called a voting instruction form. VIRTUAL MEETING We are conducting the Annual Meeting virtually via a live webcast and using online stockholder tools. We believe that using this format facilitates stockholder attendance and participation, while reducing the costs to stockholders and the Company associated with an in-person meeting. This format empowers stockholders to participate from any location around the world, at no cost. We have designed the virtual format to enhance stockholder access and participation and protect stockholder rights. For example: We Encourage Questions. Our stockholders have multiple opportunities to submit questions for the Annual Meeting. Stockholders may submit a question online in advance or live during the meeting, following the instructions below. During the Annual Meeting, we will answer as many stockholder questions related to the business of the meeting as time permits. We Believe in Transparency. Following the Annual Meeting, we will post to our Investor Relations website a replay and a transcript of the Annual Meeting (including the question and answer session), as well as final voting results. We Facilitate Your Participation. We will offer live technical support for all stockholders during the Annual Meeting. Attending the Annual Meeting Logistics Attend the Annual Meeting online, including to vote and/or submit questions, at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026. The Annual Meeting will begin at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time, with log-in beginning at 8:15 a.m. Pacific Time, on Tuesday, March 17, 2026. Stockholders will need to use the 16-digit control number (Control Number) on their Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction form, or in the instructions received via email in order to log into www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026. We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting prior to the start time. Please allow ample time for online check-in, which will begin at 8:15 a.m. Pacific Time. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the Annual Meeting during the check-in or during the 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT Annual Meeting, a technical assistance phone number will be made available on the virtual meeting registration page 15 minutes prior to the start time of the meeting. Please note that if you do not have your Control Number and you are a registered owner, operators will be able to provide your Control Number to you. However, if you are a beneficial owner (and thus hold your shares in an account at a bank, broker or other holder of record), you will need to contact that bank, broker or other holder of record to obtain your Control Number prior to the Annual Meeting. Voting During the Meeting Stockholders should follow the instructions at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026 to vote during the Annual Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, we encourage you to vote your shares in advance using one of the methods described under Voting Methods below. Voting online during the meeting will replace any previous votes. Asking Questions Stockholders have multiple opportunities to submit questions for the Annual Meeting. Stockholders who wish to submit a question in advance may do so at www.proxyvote.com after logging in with the Control Number. Stockholders may submit questions live during the meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026. During the Annual Meeting, we will answer as many stockholder questions related to the business of the meeting as time permits. We reserve the right to exclude questions regarding topics that are not pertinent to company business or are not otherwise suitable for the conduct of the Annual Meeting. VOTING RIGHTS AND OUTSTANDING SHARES Only a holder of record of our common stock at the close of business on the Record Date of January 16, 2026 (Record Holder) will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on the Record Date, we had 1,068,045,101 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Each Record Holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted upon. If you do not provide voting instructions on your proxy, your shares will be voted as described in the section How Your Shares Will Be Voted below. All votes will be counted by an independent inspector of election appointed for the Annual Meeting (Inspector of Election). NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS We are furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders primarily via the Internet under rules adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), instead of mailing printed copies of those materials to each stockholder. On January 22, 2026, we commenced mailing to our stockholders (other than those who previously requested electronic delivery or a full set of printed proxy materials) a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials, including this proxy statement. This process is designed to expedite stockholders receipt of proxy materials, lower the cost of the Annual Meeting and help conserve natural resources. If you received the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and would prefer to receive printed proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. If you have previously elected to receive our proxy materials electronically, you will continue to receive these materials electronically (via email) unless you elect otherwise. This proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025 are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.qualcomm.com. VOTING METHODS You may vote by one of the following methods depending on the manner of delivery by which you received the proxy materials: Prior to the Annual Meeting: Vote via the Internet. Go to the web address www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions for Internet voting shown on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction form mailed to you, or the instructions that you received by email. Vote by Telephone. Dial 1-800-690-6903 and follow the instructions for telephone voting shown on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction form mailed to you, or the instructions that you received by email. 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT Vote by Mail. Complete, sign, date and mail the proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided to you. If you vote via the Internet or by telephone, please do not mail your proxy card or voting instruction form. Vote by Scanning the QR code. Scan, with your mobile device, the QR code provided on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction form mailed to you. During the Annual Meeting: Vote via the Internet. Go to the web address www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/QCOM2026 and follow the instructions for voting. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, we encourage you to vote your shares in advance via the Internet, by telephone or by mailing in your proxy card or voting instruction form. HOW YOUR SHARES WILL BE VOTED Your shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. If you do not specify voting instructions on your proxy, the shares will be voted as set forth in the table below. Proposal Vote Page Reference PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors FOR each Nominee 20 PROPOSAL 2 Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent public accountants for our fiscal year ending September 27, 2026 FOR 28 PROPOSAL 3 Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers FOR 30 PROPOSAL 4 Approval, on an advisory basis, of the frequency of future advisory votes on our executive compensation 1 YEAR 32 PROPOSAL 5 Approval of the Amended and Restated QUALCOMM Incorporated 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan, including an increase in the share reserve by 24,000,000 shares FOR 33 PROPOSAL 6 Stockholder proposal entitled Shareholder Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting AGAINST 44 PROPOSAL 7 Stockholder proposal entitled Report on Risk of China Exposure AGAINST 46 In the absence of instructions to the contrary, proxies will be voted in accordance with the judgment of the person exercising the proxy on any other matter properly presented at the Annual Meeting. See the section Broker Non-Votes and Abstentions below, as well as the Required Vote and Board Recommendation sections of the individual proposals for additional information. VOTING RESULTS We will publicly disclose the voting results of the Annual Meeting within four business days after the Annual Meeting by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, based on the tabulation of the Inspector of Election. We will post to the Investor Relations page of our website a replay and a transcript of the Annual Meeting (including the question and answer session), as well as the final voting results, which will remain on our website at www.qualcomm.com for at least one year. BROKER NON-VOTES AND ABSTENTIONS A broker non-vote occurs when a bank, broker or other holder of record submits a proxy for the Annual Meeting, but does not vote on a particular proposal because that holder does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that proposal and has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner. Under the rules that govern brokers who are voting with respect to shares held in street name, brokers have the discretion to vote those shares on routine matters, but not on non-routine matters. Routine matters include ratification of the selection of our independent public accountants. All other proposals described in this 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT proxy statement are considered non-routine matters. Broker non-votes will be counted as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but are not counted as votes cast for or against a proposal. Like broker non-votes, abstentions will be counted as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but are not counted as votes cast for or against a proposal. The effect of broker non-votes and abstentions on the voting outcome for each proposal set forth in this proxy statement is described in the Required Vote and Board Recommendation section of each individual proposal. DETERMINATION OF QUORUM The representation, in person or by proxy, of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting constitutes a quorum. Under Delaware law, abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present in determining whether the quorum requirement is satisfied. REVOCABILITY OF PROXIES If your shares are registered in your name, you may revoke your proxy and change your vote prior to the completion of voting at the Annual Meeting by: Submitting a valid, later-dated proxy card in a timely manner; Submitting a later-dated vote by telephone or via the Internet in a timely manner; Giving written notice of such revocation to the Company s Corporate Secretary (at 5775 Morehouse Drive, N-585L, San Diego, California 92121-1714) in a timely manner; or Attending and voting at the Annual Meeting (although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not by itself revoke a proxy). If your shares are held in street name and you wish to revoke a proxy, you should contact your bank, broker or other holder of record and follow its procedures for changing your voting instructions. PROXY SOLICITATION We will bear the entire cost of the solicitation of proxies, including the preparation, assembly, printing and mailing of the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, this proxy statement, the proxy card, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and any additional information furnished to stockholders. Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding in their names shares of common stock beneficially owned by others to forward to such beneficial owners. We may reimburse persons representing beneficial owners of common stock for their costs of forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. In addition, we have retained Morrow Sodali LLC to act as a proxy solicitor in conjunction with the Annual Meeting. We have agreed to pay that firm $12,000, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, for proxy solicitation services. Solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, email, facsimile transmission, electronic transmission or personal solicitation by certain of our directors, officers or other employees. No additional compensation (other than reimbursement for expenses) will be paid to directors, officers or other employees for such services. STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS The deadline for submitting a stockholder proposal for inclusion in our proxy materials for our 2027 annual meeting of stockholders is September 24, 2026. Stockholder nominations for director that are to be included in our proxy materials under the proxy access provision of our Bylaws must be received no earlier than August 25, 2026 and no later than the close of business on September 24, 2026. Stockholder nominations for director and other proposals that are not to be included in our proxy materials must be received no earlier than November 17, 2026 and no later than the close of business on December 17, 2026. Any such stockholder proposals or nominations for director must be submitted to our Corporate Secretary in writing at 5775 Morehouse Drive, N-585L, San Diego, California 92121-1714. Stockholders are advised to review our Bylaws, which contain additional requirements for submitting stockholder proposals and director nominations. Our Bylaws are available on our website at www.qualcomm.com under the Governance section of our Investor Relations page. See Director Nominations on page 15 for further information. 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT In addition, to comply with universal proxy rules, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company s nominees must also comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). HOUSEHOLDING The SEC allows companies and intermediaries (such as brokers) to implement a delivery procedure called householding, and the Company and certain brokers have adopted this procedure. Under this procedure, multiple stockholders who reside at the same address will receive a single copy of our proxy materials, including the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, unless one of the stockholders has notified us that they want to continue receiving multiple copies. This practice is designed to reduce duplicate mailings, and save printing and postage costs as well as natural resources. Householding for bank and brokerage accounts is limited to accounts within the same bank or brokerage firm. For example, if you and your spouse share the same last name and mailing address and you and your spouse have two accounts containing Qualcomm stock at two different brokerage firms, your household will receive two copies of our proxy materials, one from each brokerage firm. To reduce the number of duplicate sets of proxy materials your household receives, you may wish to enroll some or all of your accounts in our electronic delivery program at www.proxyvote.com (please have your Control Number available). If you received a household mailing this year and you would like to have a separate copy of our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and/or proxy materials mailed to you, please submit your request to Broadridge ICS, either by calling toll-free 1-866-540-7095 , by writing to Broadridge ICS, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717 or by email at sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. They will promptly send additional copies of our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and/or proxy materials upon receipt of such request. Please note, however, that if you want to receive a paper proxy or voting instruction form or other proxy material for purposes of this year s Annual Meeting, you should follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials that was sent to you. If you received multiple copies of the proxy materials and would prefer to receive a single copy in the future or if you would like to opt out of householding for future mailings, you may contact Broadridge ICS as provided above. Once you have received notice from your bank or broker that it will be householding communications to your address, householding will continue until you are notified otherwise or until you revoke your consent. Stockholders may revoke their consent at any time by contacting Broadridge ICS as provided above. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE OF ETHICS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND PRACTICES The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all of our employees, including our executive officers, employees of our subsidiaries, and members of our Board. Any amendments to, or waivers under, the Code of Ethics that are required to be disclosed by SEC rules will be disclosed within four business days of such amendment or waiver on our website at www.qualcomm.com under the Governance section of our Investor Relations page. To date, there have not been any such waivers under the Code of Ethics. The Board has also adopted our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, which include information regarding the Board s policies that guide its governance practices, including the roles, responsibilities and composition of the Board, director qualifications, committee matters and stock ownership guidelines, among others. The Code of Ethics and the Corporate Governance Principles and Practices are available on our website at www.qualcomm.com under the Governance section of our Investor Relations page. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE Chair of the Board Mark D. McLaughlin The Board appoints the Chair of the Board (Chair) after considering the recommendation of the Governance Committee. The Chair is not required to be an independent director. However, at all times when the Chair is not an independent director, the Board shall have a Lead Independent Director who shall be an independent director, as described below. Our current Chair, Mark D. McLaughlin, is an independent director. The Chair has the following responsibilities and authority: Help set the overall leadership and strategic direction of the Company; Help delineate, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer and the Board, responsibilities of the Board and management; Authorized to call special meetings of stockholders; Preside at all meetings of stockholders; Authorized to call special meetings of the Board; Preside at all meetings of the Board (unless conflicted on a matter); In collaboration with the Chief Executive Officer and the Lead Independent Director (if one is appointed), develop Board meeting agendas and communicate with independent Board members to ensure that matters of interest are being included; If an independent director, chair and set agendas for executive sessions of independent directors (unless conflicted on a matter); With the Chief Executive Officer, represent the Board in outreach to key constituencies; Work with the Lead Independent Director (if one is appointed) on investor outreach; Together with the Lead Independent Director (if one is appointed), represent the Board in interactions and negotiations with any company making an acquisition proposal or launching a proxy contest for control of the Board; and Evaluate the Chief Executive Officer s performance, in coordination with the HR and Compensation Committee and the full Board. Our charter documents and policies do not prevent our Chief Executive Officer from also serving as our Chair. The Board evaluates its leadership structure and elects the Chair based on the criteria it deems to be appropriate and in the best interests of the 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Company and its stockholders, given the circumstances at the time of such election. While we have in the past had one person serve as both Chair and Chief Executive Officer, since March 2014, the positions have been held by separate individuals. Lead Independent Director At all times when the Chair of the Board is not an independent director, the Board shall have a Lead Independent Director who shall be an independent director. In the event the Chair is an independent director and the Board elects not to have a Lead Independent Director, the Chair shall have the responsibilities and authority (as applicable) of the Lead Independent Director set forth below. If the Board has determined to appoint a Lead Independent Director, then at the Board meeting that typically follows our annual meeting of stockholders: (i) the Governance Committee shall recommend to the Board the director who would serve as Lead Independent Director for the next term and (ii) the Lead Independent Director shall be elected by a vote of the independent members of the Board. An individual shall serve as the Lead Independent Director for a one-year period. In general, the Board expects that a Lead Independent Director will serve two consecutive terms, but the independent members of the Board may extend a Lead Independent Director s length of service (on a year-by-year basis) up to four consecutive terms. No Lead Independent Director shall serve more than four consecutive terms. The Lead Independent Director shall have the following responsibilities and authority: Preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chair is not present; In collaboration with the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer, develop agendas for Board meetings, and communicate with independent Board members to ensure that matters of interest are being included on agendas for Board meetings; Communicate with independent Board members and with management to affirm that appropriate briefing materials are being provided to Board members sufficiently in advance of Board meetings to allow for proper preparation and participation at such meetings; Authorized, with the concurrence of at least one additional Board member, to call special meetings of the Board; Lead investor outreach from an independent director perspective; Together with the Chair, represent the Board in interactions and negotiations with any company making an acquisition proposal or launching a proxy contest for control of the Board; and Lead the Board in governance matters, coordinating with the Governance Committee. Principally because our current Chair is an independent director, the Board has elected not to fill the role of Lead Independent Director at this time. BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEES AND ATTENDANCE During fiscal 2025, the Board held six meetings. Board agendas include regularly scheduled sessions for the independent directors to meet without management present, and the Chair of the Board leads those sessions. The Board delegates various responsibilities and authority to different Board committees. We have three standing Board committees: the Audit Committee, the HR and Compensation Committee and the Governance Committee. Committees regularly report on their activities and actions to the full Board. Committee assignments are re-evaluated annually and approved by the Board at the Board meeting that typically follows our annual meeting of stockholders. Each committee acts according to a written charter approved by the Board and reviewed annually. Copies of each charter can be found on our website at www.qualcomm.com under the Governance section of our Investor Relations page. During fiscal 2025, each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served and that were held during the period for which he or she was a Board or committee member. On average, directors attended 98% of their respective Board and committee meetings during fiscal 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Audit Committee Meetings in fiscal 2025: 8 Primary Responsibilities The Audit Committee meets at least quarterly with our management and independent public accountants to review the results of the annual integrated audit or quarterly reviews of our consolidated financial statements, and to discuss our financial statements, annual or quarterly reports and earnings releases. The Audit Committee selects, engages, oversees and evaluates the qualifications, performance and independence of our independent public accountants (who report directly to the Audit Committee); reviews the plans and results of internal audits; reviews evaluations by management and the independent public accountants of our internal control over financial reporting and the quality of our financial reporting; reviews the Company s disclosure controls and procedures over sustainability-related disclosures in SEC reports and any assurance being provided by the independent auditor with respect to such reporting and disclosure; and oversees our internal audit and our risk and compliance functions, as well as our information technology (IT) security/cybersecurity programs and procedures, among other functions. Independence All of the members of the Audit Committee are independent directors within the meaning of Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Rule 5605) and Rule 10A-3(b)(1)(ii) of the Exchange Act. All members of the Audit Committee are audit committee financial experts as defined by the SEC. Jeffrey W. Henderson (Chair) Mark Fields Jamie Miller Marie Myers The HR and Compensation Committee Meetings in fiscal 2025: 4 Primary Responsibilities The HR and Compensation Committee designs the compensation plans and determines compensation levels for our Chief Executive Officer, other executive officers and directors; administers and approves stock offerings under our employee stock purchase and long-term incentive plans; reviews our employee compensation and talent management policies and practices; administers our incentive compensation repayment policy; reviews our stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and directors; and monitors the effectiveness of strategic initiatives designed to attract, engage, motivate and retain employees (human capital management), among other functions. Independence All of the members of the HR and Compensation Committee are independent directors within the meaning of NASDAQ Rule 5605 and are non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Irene B. Rosenfeld (Chair) Kornelis (Neil) Smit Jean-Pascal Tricoire Christopher D. Young The Governance Committee Meetings in fiscal 2025: 4 Primary Responsibilities The Governance Committee evaluates and recommends nominees, including stockholder nominees, for membership on the Board and its committees. In addition, the Governance Committee reviews, approves and oversees various corporate governance-related documents, policies and procedures, including our sustainability policies, programs and initiatives (excluding matters specifically assigned to other committees pursuant to their charters); oversees our political contributions and expenditures to ensure consistency with our business objectives and public policy priorities, including reviewing our Political Contributions and Expenditures Policy; reviews our policies and programs concerning corporate citizenship and social responsibility (including charitable giving); reviews our operational resilience (business resilience and IT service resilience) programs; reviews and approves any changes to our Insider Trading Policy; and reviews compliance with our stock ownership guidelines, among other functions. Independence All of the members of the Governance Committee are independent directors within the meaning of NASDAQ Rule 5605. Ann M. Livermore (Chair) Sylvia Acevedo Jeremy (Zico) Kolter 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT We do not view risk in isolation, but consider risk as part of our regular evaluation of business strategy and business decisions. Assessing and managing risk is the responsibility of our management, which establishes and maintains risk management processes, including action plans and controls, to balance risk mitigation and opportunities to create stockholder value. It is management s responsibility to anticipate, identify and communicate risks to the Board and/or its committees. The Board oversees and reviews certain aspects of our risk management efforts, either directly or through its committees. We approach risk management by integrating our strategic planning, operational decision making and risk oversight, and communicating risks and opportunities to the Board. The Board commits extensive time and effort every year to discussing and agreeing upon our strategic plan, and it reconsiders key elements of the strategic plan as significant events and opportunities arise during the year. As part of the review of the strategic plan, as well as in evaluating events and opportunities that occur during the year, the Board and management focus on the primary success factors and risks for the Company. While the Board has primary responsibility for oversight of our risk management, the Board s standing committees support the Board by regularly addressing various risks in their respective areas of oversight. Specifically, the Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to our Enterprise Risk Management program, risk management in the areas of financial reporting, internal controls and compliance with certain public reporting requirements, and our IT security/cybersecurity program (for additional information regarding our IT security/cybersecurity program, including the Audit Committee s role therein, see the section titled Cybersecurity in our Annual Report on Form 10-K). The HR and Compensation Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its risk management oversight responsibilities with respect to risks arising from compensation policies and programs, as well as employment and retention programs. The Governance Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its risk management oversight responsibilities with respect to risks related to corporate governance and business resilience and IT service resilience programs. Each committee s oversight responsibilities are codified in the applicable committee s charter. Each of the committee chairs reports to the full Board at regular meetings concerning the activities of the committee, the significant issues it has discussed and the actions taken by the committee. We believe that our leadership structure supports the risk oversight function of the Board. With our President and Chief Executive Officer serving on the Board, he promotes open communication between management and directors relating to risk. Additionally, each Board committee is comprised solely of independent directors, and all directors are actively involved in the risk oversight function. DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS Our Bylaws contain provisions that address the process (including required information and deadlines) by which a stockholder may nominate an individual to stand for election to the Board at our annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, the proxy access provisions of our Bylaws provide that, under certain circumstances, a stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders may seek to include director nominees in our proxy statement if such stockholder or group of stockholders own at least 3% of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least the previous three years. The number of stockholder nominees appearing in the proxy statement for our annual meeting cannot exceed the greater of (i) two or (ii) 20% of the number of directors in office (rounded down to the nearest whole number). If the number of stockholder nominees exceeds the maximum number described above, one nominee from each nominating stockholder or group of stockholders, based on the order of priority provided by such nominating stockholders or group of stockholders, would be selected for inclusion in our proxy materials until the maximum number is reached. The order of priority among nominating stockholders or groups of stockholders would be determined based on the number (largest to smallest) of shares of our common stock held by such nominating stockholders or groups of stockholders. Each nominating stockholder or group of stockholders must provide the information required by our Bylaws, and each nominee must meet the qualifications required by our Bylaws. Requests to include stockholder-nominated candidates in our proxy materials for next year s annual meeting must be received by the Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices at 5775 Morehouse Drive, N-585L, San Diego, California 92121-1714, no earlier than August 25, 2026 and no later than the close of business on September 24, 2026. Stockholders are advised to review our Bylaws, which contain additional requirements for submitting director nominees. The Board has also adopted a formal policy concerning stockholder recommendations of Board candidates to the Governance Committee. This policy is set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, which are available on our website at www.qualcomm.com under the Governance section of our Investor Relations page. Under this policy, the Governance Committee will review a reasonable number of candidates recommended by a single stockholder who has held over 1% of our common stock for over one year and who satisfies the notice, information and consent requirements set forth in our Bylaws. To recommend a nominee for election to the Board, a stockholder must submit his or her recommendation to the Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices at 5775 Morehouse Drive, N-585L, San Diego, California 92121-1714. A stockholder s recommendation must be received by us within the time limits set forth above under Stockholder Proposals. A stockholder s recommendation must be accompanied by the information with respect to the stockholder nominee as specified in the Bylaws, including among other things, the name, age, address and occupation of the recommended person, the proposing stockholder s name and address, the 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ownership interests of the proposing stockholder and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the recommendation is being made (including the number of shares beneficially owned, any hedging, derivative, short or other economic interests and any rights to vote any shares), and any material monetary or other relationships between the recommended person and the proposing stockholder and/or the beneficial owners on whose behalf the recommendation is being made. The proposing stockholder must also provide evidence of owning the requisite number of shares of our common stock for over one year. Candidates so recommended will be reviewed using the same process and standards for reviewing Board-recommended candidates. In evaluating director nominees, the Governance Committee considers, among others, the following factors: The appropriate size of the Board; Our needs and anticipated future needs with respect to the knowledge, skills and experience of our directors; The knowledge, skills and experience of nominees, including, among others, experience in senior leadership positions, on other public company boards, in the technology industry, business (including international business), accounting/finance, public policy/ political affairs, information technology/data/cyber security and/or sustainability matters, in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge, skills and experience already possessed by other members of the Board; Other aspects of the nominee s background that could bring a unique perspective to the Board; The nominee s other commitments, including the other boards on which the nominee serves (see also Director Service on Other Boards below); and Board tenure, including the desire to balance the considerable benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh perspectives provided by new members. The qualifications and criteria considered in the selection of director nominees have the objective of assembling a Board that brings to the Company a reasonable diversity of backgrounds, perspectives, experience and skills derived from high quality business and professional experience, with the Governance Committee also giving consideration to candidates with appropriate non-business backgrounds. There are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although the Governance Committee considers the foregoing and may also consider such other factors as it may deem are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Governance Committee does, however, believe it appropriate for at least one, and preferably several, members of the Board to meet the criteria for an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC, and for a majority of the members of the Board to meet the definition of independent director under NASDAQ Rule 5605. The Governance Committee also believes that it is in the best interests of stockholders that at least one key member of our current management participates as a member of the Board. The Governance Committee identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of the Board willing to continue their service. Current members of the Board with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue their service are considered for re-nomination, balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the Board with that of obtaining new perspectives. If any member of the Board does not wish to continue to serve or if the Governance Committee or the Board decides not to re-nominate a member for election, and if the Board determines not to reduce the Board size as a result, the Governance Committee identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee based on the criteria above. Current members of the Governance Committee and Board are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting such criteria. Research may also be performed to identify qualified individuals. We have also engaged third parties to assist in identifying and evaluating potential nominees. DIRECTOR SERVICE ON OTHER BOARDS The Board recognizes that service on other public company boards provides directors valuable experience that benefits the Company. The Board also believes, however, that directors must have sufficient time to dedicate to their service on the Company s Board. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, a director who has received an invitation to join another company s board must inform the Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Governance Committee and the Corporate Secretary prior to accepting such an offer. The Governance Committee then determines whether, in its view, it is appropriate for the director to accept such an offer, considering various relevant factors including (among others) the nature and extent of the director s other professional obligations and the time commitment required by the new position. Our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices further provide that, generally, no Board member shall serve on the board of directors of more than four public companies (including Qualcomm), and no Board member who is an executive officer of a public company (other than on an interim basis) shall serve on the boards of more than two public companies (including Qualcomm and, if applicable, the company of which they are serving as an executive officer). All of our director nominees are in compliance with these guidelines. 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD EVALUATIONS On an annual basis, our Board and each committee of the Board conducts a formal assessment of its overall effectiveness and performance. These assessments are led by the Governance Committee. Every three years, the Governance Committee also conducts an assessment of the overall effectiveness of each individual Board member. These assessments are designed to provide the Board, each committee and each individual director with valuable insights regarding their areas of strength and areas for potential improvement, and to encourage continuous improvement in the execution of their responsibilities. MAJORITY VOTING Under our Bylaws, in an uncontested election, if any incumbent nominee for director receives a greater number of withhold votes (ignoring abstentions and broker non-votes) than votes cast for his or her election, the director shall promptly tender his or her resignation from the Board, subject to acceptance by the Board. In that event, the Governance Committee shall make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation or whether other actions should be taken. In making its recommendation, the Governance Committee will consider all factors it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the stated reasons why stockholders withheld votes from such director, the length of service and qualifications of such director, the director s past contributions to the Board and the availability of other qualified candidates for director. The Governance Committee s evaluation shall be forwarded to the Board to permit the Board to act on it no later than 90 days following the date of the annual meeting of stockholders. In reviewing the Governance Committee s recommendation, the Board shall consider the factors evaluated by the Governance Committee and such additional information and factors as the Board believes to be relevant. If the Board determines that the director s resignation is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, the Board shall promptly accept the resignation. We will publicly disclose the Board s decision within four business days in a Current Report on Form 8-K, providing an explanation of the process by which the decision was reached and, if applicable, the reasons for not accepting the director s resignation. The director in question will not participate in the Governance Committee s or the Board s considerations of the appropriateness of his or her continued service, except to respond to requests for information. STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES We have stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers and non-employee directors to help ensure that they each maintain an equity stake in the Company and, by doing so, appropriately link their interests with those of other stockholders. The guideline for our executive officers is based on a multiple of his or her base salary, ranging from two to ten times, with the size of the multiple based on the individual s position with the Company. Our CEO is required to hold shares of our common stock with a value equal to at least ten times his base salary. Only shares actually owned count toward the requirement. Shares underlying unvested equity awards, including restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance stock units (PSUs), do not count toward the requirement. Executive officers are required to achieve these stock ownership levels within five years of becoming an executive officer or promotion to a position with a higher multiple requirement. Our stock ownership guidelines are applicable to our executive officers for so long as they serve as such. As of December 15, 2025, all of our named executive officers who were serving as executive officers on such date met their stock ownership guidelines. Non-employee directors are required to hold a number of shares of our common stock with a value equal to at least five times the annual retainer for Board service paid to U.S. residents. Only shares actually owned (as shares or as vested deferred stock units) count toward the requirement. Non-employee directors are required to achieve this ownership level within five years of joining the Board. As of December 15, 2025, all of our non-employee directors met this guideline, except for Ms. Myers who joined the Board in 2024 and has until 2029 to meet the guideline and Mr. Young and Dr. Kolter who joined the Board in 2025 and have until 2030 to meet the guideline. In addition to the preceding ownership guidelines, all non-employee directors are expected to own shares of our common stock within one year of joining the Board. All of our non-employee directors have met this guideline. In the event an executive officer or non-employee director does not achieve the applicable stock ownership guideline by the applicable deadline, he or she is required to retain an amount equal to 100% of the net shares received upon issuance of any RSUs or deferred stock units until the guideline has been achieved and 50% of the net shares received upon issuance of any other equity award, or upon stock option exercise, until the applicable guideline has been achieved. Net shares are those shares that remain after shares are sold or netted to pay any withholding taxes and, in the case of stock options (if applicable), the exercise price. This requirement to retain all or a portion of net shares also applies in the event the Company s common stock price declines, causing the individual s previous ownership to fall short of the guideline. The HR and Compensation Committee reviews our stock ownership guidelines, including compared to the peer group of companies used in connection with our executive compensation program, and the Governance Committee reviews compliance with those guidelines, annually. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMUNICATIONS WITH DIRECTORS We have adopted a formal process for stockholder communications with the Board. This process is set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices. Stockholders who wish to communicate to the Board, a committee of the Board or one or more members of the Board should do so in writing to the following address: Board of Directors | Board Committee | Director(s) QUALCOMM Incorporated Attn: Corporate Secretary 5775 Morehouse Drive, N-585L San Diego, California 92121-1714 Our Corporate Secretary maintains records of all such communications (and the disposition of such communications) and forwards those not deemed frivolous, threatening or otherwise inappropriate to the Board, or the appropriate Board committee or member(s) of the Board. ANNUAL MEETING ATTENDANCE Our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices set forth a policy on director attendance at annual meetings. Directors are encouraged to attend absent unavoidable conflicts. All directors then in office attended our last annual meeting. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The Board has determined that, except for Mr. Amon, all of the members of the Board are independent directors within the meaning of NASDAQ Rule 5605. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION None of the members of our HR and Compensation Committee are, or have been, employees or officers of the Company. During fiscal 2025, no member of the HR and Compensation Committee had any relationship with the Company requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. During fiscal 2025, none of our executive officers served on the compensation committee (or equivalent) or board of another entity that has or has had one or more executive officers who served on our HR and Compensation Committee or Board. INSIDER TRADING POLICY AND EMPLOYEE, OFFICER AND DIRECTOR HEDGING AND PLEDGING We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy (Policy) and related procedures that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and Nasdaq listing standards. The Policy applies to our employees, officers, directors and consultants, as well as persons or entities over which such individuals have or share voting or investment control (collectively, Covered Persons). The Policy also applies to the Company itself when conducting transactions in its own securities (e.g., stock repurchase transactions). The Policy provides that, generally, no Covered Person may trade in Qualcomm securities while in possession of material nonpublic information concerning Qualcomm, or pass such information on to others outside of Qualcomm. In addition, our officers, directors and certain other employees designated as Designated Insiders under the Policy may transact in Qualcomm securities only during scheduled trading windows, subject to limited exceptions, as more fully described in the Policy. The Policy further provides that Covered Persons may not engage in hedging transactions in Qualcomm securities. Specifically, the Policy provides that Covered Persons may not purchase financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars or exchange funds), or otherwise engage in transactions, that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of Qualcomm securities. In addition, the Policy provides that Covered Persons may not engage in short sales or derivative transactions in Qualcomm securities (whether for purposes of hedging, income, monetization or otherwise); and Designated Insiders may not pledge Qualcomm securities or hold Qualcomm securities in a margin account. The Policy applies to Qualcomm securities granted to Covered Persons as part of their compensation, and to any other Qualcomm securities held directly or indirectly by Covered Persons. A copy of the Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY At Qualcomm, purposeful innovation drives us to take on some of the world s biggest challenges. We pursue purposeful innovation through three strategic focus areas: Empowering Digital Transformation. We believe technology can transform industries and business, and benefit individual lives. We invent solutions that are foundational to the advancement of the global wireless ecosystem and the digital transformation of industries, such as automotive, personal computing and industrial internet of things (IoT). Acting Responsibly. We invest in our people, strive to behave with integrity and implement governance standards that uphold our Company values winning together, achieving excellence, making the impossible inevitable and doing the right thing. We are committed to responsible business practices, from promoting respect in the workplace, aiming to protect privacy, providing leading employee development programs and fostering an ethical culture. Operating Sustainably. We aim to maintain safe, healthy and productive working conditions and conserve natural resources. Our environmental efforts center on reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, optimizing energy consumption, managing water use and minimizing waste throughout our operations and the communities in which we work. We have integrated corporate responsibility throughout our business, from our daily operations to our executive leadership and our Board. The Governance Committee provides oversight on corporate responsibility and sustainability matters not delegated to other Board committees, including relevant policies, programs and initiatives. The HR and Compensation Committee provides oversight of our human capital initiatives. The Audit Committee reviews our disclosure controls and procedures over sustainability-related disclosures in SEC reports and any assurance being provided by the independent auditor with respect to such reporting and disclosure. For more detailed information regarding our Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability governance, goals, accomplishments and initiatives, we encourage you to review our most recent Qualcomm Corporate Responsibility Report (located on our website). Nothing on our website, including our Corporate Responsibility Report or any sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. MANAGEMENT S ONGOING STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Our senior management team engages extensively with our stockholders, on a regular basis, as part of our commitment to excellence in corporate governance. Over the past year, as in prior years, our management team engaged in consistent post-earnings communications with our stockholders and hosted a significant number of events, including one-on-one and group meetings, calls, roadshows, bus tours and conferences including our Investor Day in November 2024 all in compliance with relevant SEC regulations. We engaged in robust dialogue with hundreds of our stockholders, including our largest stockholders, on a broad range of subjects, including our business, strategy and financial performance. Further, our Investor Relations team held numerous discussions with our global stockholder base, performed significant outreach via major industry conferences and responded to numerous stockholder questions and inquiries. The multi-faceted nature of our management s stockholder engagement program allows us to maintain meaningful dialogue with a broad range of our stockholders, including large institutional investors, smaller to mid-size institutions, pension funds and individuals. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that directors are to be elected at our annual meeting of stockholders, to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are elected and qualified. Vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes may be filled by either the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of common stock or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum of the Board. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors may, unless the Board determines otherwise, be filled only by the affirmative vote of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum of the Board. Any director elected as a result of a vacancy shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director s successor has been elected and qualified. In an uncontested election, our Bylaws provide that a director nominee will be elected only if he or she receives a majority of the votes cast with respect to his or her election (that is, the number of votes cast for a director nominee must exceed the number of withhold votes cast against that nominee). In a contested election, a director nominee will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. In either case, abstentions and broker non-votes will each be counted as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum but will have no effect on the vote. In an uncontested election, if any nominee for director who is currently serving on the Board receives a greater number of withhold votes than votes for his or her election, the director shall promptly tender his or her resignation from the Board, subject to acceptance by the Board. The process that will be followed by the Board in that event is described in the Corporate Governance section above under the heading Majority Voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of directors shall be fixed exclusively by resolutions adopted from time to time by the Board. As previously disclosed, Kornelis (Neil) Smit and Christopher D. Young will conclude their service on the Board at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, the Board, upon recommendation of the Governance Committee, has set the number of directors at 11, effective as of the time stockholders vote on the election of directors at the Annual Meeting. Therefore, 11 directors will stand for election at the Annual Meeting to serve as directors until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board, upon recommendation of the Governance Committee, has nominated the individuals below for election as directors at the Annual Meeting. The nominees receiving a majority of votes cast with respect to his or her election will be elected directors of the Company. Shares of common stock represented by executed proxies will be voted, if authority to do so is not withheld, for the election of the 11 nominees named below. Each person nominated for election has agreed to serve, if elected, and the Board has no reason to believe that any nominee will be unable to serve. 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES FOR ELECTION SYLVIA ACEVEDO INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 68 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 COMMITTEES: Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Credo Technology Group Holding Ltd (since December 2021) EXPERIENCE: Ms. Acevedo served as Chief Executive Officer of the Girl Scouts of the United States of America, a national leadership development organization for girls, from May 2017 to August 2020 and as interim Chief Executive Officer from June 2016 to May 2017. She led a multiyear modernization, introducing more than 146 STEM and entrepreneurial programs across a nationwide membership. Ms. Acevedo served as White House Education Commissioner from May 2011 to September 2016. She was Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of CommuniCard LLC from October 2002 to March 2013 and Co-Founder and Vice President, Sales and Marketing of REBA Technologies Inc. from 2001 to 2002. Earlier in her career, she held leadership positions at Dell Inc., Autodesk, Inc., Apple Inc., IBM Corporation and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Jet Propulsion Laboratory. She has also advised national initiatives to expand STEM education with youth. EDUCATION: Ms. Acevedo holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from New Mexico State University and an M.S. in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University. She also holds an Honorary Doctorate from Washington College for her STEM national leadership and an Honorary Doctorate of Science from Duke University. Ms. Acevedo has also earned an ESG Designation from Competent Boards. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Acevedo s qualifications to serve on our Board include her CEO leadership, engineering and product-development experience, and operating expertise across global technology companies. Her work in digital transformation, product execution, large-scale program implementation and advisory roles with artificial intelligence (AI)-focused technology startups provides insight into technology adoption, strategic risk and enterprise operations. Her experience serving on other public company boards also provides valuable insights to the Board. CRISTIANO R. AMON AGE: 55 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2021 COMMITTEES: None OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Adobe Inc. (since October 2023) EXPERIENCE: Mr. Amon has been our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since June 2021. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer-elect from January 2021 to June 2021 and President from January 2018 to January 2021. Mr. Amon served as Executive Vice President, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, and President, Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT), from November 2015 to January 2018. He served as Executive Vice President, QTI and Co-President, QCT from October 2012 to November 2015, Senior Vice President and Co-President, QCT from June 2012 to October 2012 and as Senior Vice President, QCT Product Management from October 2007 to June 2012, with responsibility for our product roadmap, including our Snapdragon platforms. Mr. Amon joined Qualcomm in 1995 as an engineer and throughout his tenure at Qualcomm has held several other technical and leadership positions. EDUCATION: Mr. Amon holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and an honorary doctorate from UNICAMP, the State University of Campinas, Brazil. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Amon s qualifications to serve on our Board include his extensive business, operational and executive management experience in the wireless telecommunications industry, including his current position as our Chief Executive Officer. His extensive knowledge of our global business, products, strategic relationships and opportunities, as well as the rapidly evolving technologies and competitive environment in the industries in which we operate, bring valuable insights and knowledge to our Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MARK FIELDS INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 64 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2018 COMMITTEES: Audit OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Lam Research Corporation (since August 2024) Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (since June 2021) EXPERIENCE: Mr. Fields has been a Senior Advisor at TPG Capital LP, a global alternative asset firm, since October 2017. He served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., which operates the Hertz, Thrifty and Dollar rental car brands, from October 2021 to February 2022. Mr. Fields served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ford Motor Company, a global automotive company, from July 2014 to May 2017, and as Chief Operating Officer from December 2012 to July 2014. He joined Ford in 1989 and served in various leadership positions throughout his tenure, including Executive Vice President and President, Americas; Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Ford of Europe and Premier Automotive Group; Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Premier Automotive Group; and President and Chief Executive Officer, Mazda Motor Corporation. Mr. Fields previously served as a director of TPG Pace Beneficial II Corp. from April 2021 to April 2023, TPG Pace Solutions Corp. from April 2021 to December 2021, IBM Corporation from March 2016 to April 2018, and Ford Motor Company from July 2014 to May 2017. EDUCATION: Mr. Fields holds a B.A. in Economics from Rutgers University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Fields qualifications to serve on our Board include his extensive operational experience in executive management positions in the automotive industry, a key growth area for us, including leading complex global business organizations with large workforces and organizations pursuing emerging opportunities through expansion into adjacent areas, which brings valuable insights to our Board and also provides a useful resource to our senior management. Our Board and senior management also benefit from Mr. Fields experience from serving on other public company boards. He has been designated as an audit committee financial expert. JEFFREY W. HENDERSON INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 61 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2016 COMMITTEES: Audit (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Becton, Dickinson and Company (since August 2018) Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (since August 2015) EXPERIENCE: Mr. Henderson has been President of JWH Consulting LLC, a business and investment advisory firm, since January 2018. He served as an Advisory Director to Berkshire Partners LLC, a private equity firm, from September 2015 to December 2019. Mr. Henderson served as Chief Financial Officer of Cardinal Health Inc. from May 2005 to November 2014. Prior to joining Cardinal Health, he held multiple management positions at Eli Lilly including serving as President and General Manager of Eli Lilly Canada, and Controller and Treasurer of Eli Lilly Inc., as well as various management positions with General Motors, including in Great Britain, Singapore, Canada and the U.S. Mr. Henderson previously served as a director of FibroGen, Inc. from August 2015 to June 2024. EDUCATION: Mr. Henderson holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Kettering University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He has also earned a CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Henderson s qualifications to serve on our Board include his financial and operational executive management experience, including his significant experience in international operations, which is a source of valuable insights to our Board. His experience in senior operational and financial management positions at companies that experienced significant growth and transformation, including into additional business areas, also provides a useful resource to our senior management. Our Board and senior management also benefit from Mr. Henderson s experience from serving on other public company boards. He has been designated as an audit committee financial expert. 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS JEREMY (ZICO) KOLTER INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 42 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2025 COMMITTEES: Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: None EXPERIENCE: Dr. Kolter is Professor and Department Head of the Machine Learning Department in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), a role he has held since July 2024. He joined the CMU faculty in 2012, serving as Assistant Professor from August 2012 to July 2018 and Associate Professor from July 2018 to June 2024. His research focuses on AI safety, robustness and optimization. Dr. Kolter serves as a member of the board of directors at OpenAI, where he chairs the Safety and Security Committee, since August 2024. He is the Co-founder and Chief Scientist of Gray Swan AI, an AI security company, and an advisor to BNY. Dr. Kolter has also previously served as Chief Expert at Robert Bosch and as Chief Data Scientist at C3.ai. EDUCATION: Dr. Kolter holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Georgetown University, a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University, and completed a postdoctoral fellowship at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. QUALIFICATIONS: Dr. Kolter s qualifications to serve on our Board include his extensive academic and industry experience in AI, a key strategic area for us, including his deep technical expertise in AI safety and robust machine learning, which bring valuable insights to our Board and serve as a resource to senior management. Our Board and senior management also benefit from Dr. Kolter s experience serving on the boards of and advising AI-focused companies. ANN M. LIVERMORE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 67 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2016 COMMITTEES: Governance (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Samsara Inc. (since June 2021) Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. (since November 2015) EXPERIENCE: Ms. Livermore served as Executive Vice President of the Enterprise Business at Hewlett-Packard Company, an information technology company, from May 2004 to June 2011 and as Executive Vice President of HP Services from January 2002 to May 2004. She joined Hewlett-Packard in 1982 and served in a number of management and leadership positions across the company. Ms. Livermore previously served as a director of United Parcel Service, Inc. from November 1997 to May 2023 and Hewlett-Packard Company from June 2011 to November 2015. EDUCATION: Ms. Livermore holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill and an M.B.A. from Stanford University. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Livermore s qualifications to serve on our Board include her extensive operational experience in executive management positions at global technology companies, including leading complex global business organizations with large workforces. Her significant experience in the areas of technology, marketing, sales, research and development and business management provides valuable insights to our Board and also provides a useful resource to our senior management. Our Board and senior management also benefit from Ms. Livermore s experience from serving on other public company boards. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MARK D. McLAUGHLIN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 60 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2015 CHAIR OF THE BOARD OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Snowflake Inc. (since April 2023) Rubrik, Inc. (since November 2022) EXPERIENCE: Mr. McLaughlin served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Palo Alto Networks, Inc., a global cybersecurity company, from June 2018 to December 2022. He served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Palo Alto Networks from August 2016 to June 2018 and as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer from April 2012 to August 2016. Mr. McLaughlin joined Palo Alto Networks as President and Chief Executive Officer, and as a director, in August 2011 and became Chairman of the Board in April 2012. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director of VeriSign, Inc. from August 2009 to August 2011 and as President and Chief Operating Officer from January 2009 to August 2009. Mr. McLaughlin served in various other management and leadership roles at VeriSign from February 2000 through November 2007 and provided consulting services to VeriSign from November 2008 to January 2009. Prior to joining VeriSign, Mr. McLaughlin was Vice President, Sales and Business Development at Signio Inc., which was acquired by VeriSign in February 2000. Mr. McLaughlin served on the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee (NSTAC) from January 2011 to April 2023 and as Chairman of the NSTAC from November 2014 to December 2016. EDUCATION: Mr. McLaughlin holds a B.S. from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and a J.D. from Seattle University School of Law. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. McLaughlin s qualifications to serve on our Board include his operational and executive management experience at several global technology companies. Mr. McLaughlin s service on the NSTAC, as well as his experience as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of a company recognized as a leader in cybersecurity, provide him with extensive knowledge regarding the operations and security of telecommunications systems and cybersecurity matters, which bring valuable insights to our Board. Our Board and senior management also benefit from Mr. McLaughlin s experience from serving on other public company boards. 24 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS JAMIE S. MILLER INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 57 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 COMMITTEES: Audit OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: None EXPERIENCE: Ms. Miller has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of PayPal Holdings, Inc., a leading digital payments company, since November 2023 and as Chief Operating Officer of PayPal since February 2025. She served as Global Chief Financial Officer of Ernst Young Global Limited (EY), a global provider of assurance, tax, strategy and transactions and consulting services, from February 2023 to June 2023 (having left the firm following EY s decision to abandon its proposed spin-off transaction). Ms. Miller served as Chief Financial Officer of Cargill, Incorporated, a global food, agricultural, financial and industrial products company, from June 2021 to January 2023 and as Head of Corporate Strategy and Development of Cargill from April 2022 to January 2023. Ms. Miller served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Electric Company (GE), a multinational power, renewable energy, aviation and healthcare company, from November 2017 to February 2020. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Transportation from October 2015 to November 2017, as Chief Information Officer (CIO) of GE from April 2013 to October 2015, and as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of GE from April 2008 to April 2013. Prior to joining GE in 2008, she served as Senior Vice President and Controller of WellPoint, Inc. (now Anthem), and as a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Ms. Miller previously served as a director of Baker Hughes, a GE company, from July 2017 to September 2019. EDUCATION: Ms. Miller holds a B.S. in Accounting from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Miller s qualifications to serve on our Board include her extensive financial and operational executive management expertise, including her significant experience in accounting and finance matters and in large global organizations, which is a source of valuable insights to our Board. Her experience in executive management positions at large organizations undergoing transformation also provides a useful resource to our senior management. Further, having served as CIO and later supervising the CIO for a major multinational corporation, Ms. Miller brings additional knowledge and experience in the area of cybersecurity to our Board. She has been designated as an audit committee financial expert. MARIE MYERS INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 57 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2024 COMMITTEES: Audit OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: None EXPERIENCE: Ms. Myers has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE), a global edge-to-cloud technology company, since January 2024. She served as Chief Financial Officer of HP Inc. (HP) from February 2021 to January 2024, acting Chief Financial Officer from October 2020 to February 2021, Chief Transformation Officer from June 2020 to May 2021, and Chief Digital Officer from March 2020 to June 2020. Ms. Myers served as the Chief Financial Officer of UiPath Inc. from December 2018 to December 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Myers held various positions within the audit and finance organizations of HP and the Hewlett-Packard Company beginning in 2001. Ms. Myers previously served as a director of KLA Corporation from February 2020 to November 2024 and F5 Networks, Inc. from January 2019 to January 2024. EDUCATION: Ms. Myers holds a B.A. in Political Science and Journalism and a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Queensland and an M.B.A. with a focus in marketing and finance from the University of St. Thomas. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Myers qualifications to serve on our Board include her extensive experience as a finance executive for a multinational technology company and experience managing the internal audit and financial operations functions, which bring an important and valuable perspective to our Board. Her experiences also provide valuable insight into challenges faced by a technology company with an international presence. She has been designated as an audit committee financial expert. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS IRENE B. ROSENFELD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 72 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2018 COMMITTEES: HR and Compensation (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: None EXPERIENCE: Ms. Rosenfeld served as Chairman of the Board of Mondel z International, Inc., a global snack food and beverage company (which changed its name from Kraft Foods, Inc. in October 2012), from November 2017 to March 2018, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from March 2007 to November 2017 and as Chief Executive Officer and a director from June 2006 to March 2007. Prior to that, she served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Frito-Lay, a division of PepsiCo, Inc., from September 2004 to June 2006. Ms. Rosenfeld was employed continuously by Mondel z International and its predecessor companies, in various capacities from 1981 to 2003, including President, Kraft Foods North America; President, Kraft Foods Operations, Technology Information Systems; and President, Kraft Foods Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico. EDUCATION: Ms. Rosenfeld holds a B.A. in Psychology, an M.S. in Business and a Ph.D. in Marketing Statistics from Cornell University. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Rosenfeld s qualifications to serve on our Board include her extensive executive management experience, including experience in international operations, which is a source of important insights to our Board and provides a useful resource to our senior management. Her experience with corporate governance matters and service on other public company boards also provide valuable insights to our Board. JEAN-PASCAL TRICOIRE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE: 62 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 COMMITTEES: HR and Compensation OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Schneider Electric SE (since April 2013) EXPERIENCE: Mr. Tricoire has been Chairman of the Board of Schneider Electric SE, a global energy and automation digital solutions company, since April 2013. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Schneider Electric from May 2006 to April 2023, as Chief Operating Officer from January 2004 to May 2006 and as Executive Vice-President of Schneider Electric s International Division from January 2002 to January 2004. Mr. Tricoire joined Schneider Electric in 1986 and held numerous leadership positions throughout his tenure, including operational functions in China, Italy, South Africa and the United States. EDUCATION: Mr. Tricoire holds a degree in Electronic Engineering from cole Sup rieure d lectronique de l Ouest in France and an M.B.A. from Centre d tudes Sup rieures du Management Lyon (EM Lyon) in France. He has also earned a Corporate Director Certificate from Harvard Business School and a CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Tricoire s qualifications to serve on our Board include his extensive executive management experience both in the technology industry and in large organizations, including those addressing changing technologies and applications. His broad experience in international operations also provides a useful resource to our senior management. In addition, Mr. Tricoire brings a non-US perspective to issues facing us, including a focus on corporate sustainability, enhancing the range of perspectives and understanding of our Board. Our Board and senior management also benefit from Mr. Tricoire s experience from serving on other public company boards. 26 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS REQUIRED VOTE AND BOARD RECOMMENDATION The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting at which a quorum is present is required to elect each of the 11 nominees for director, meaning that the number of votes cast for a nominee s election must exceed the number of withhold votes cast against that nominee. If you hold your shares in your own name and abstain from voting on this matter, your abstention will have no effect on the vote. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other holder of record and you do not instruct them on how to vote for each of the 11 nominees, they will not have the authority to vote your shares. Abstentions and broker non-votes will each be counted as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum but will not have any effect on the outcome of the vote. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE ABOVE DIRECTOR NOMINEES. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS The Audit Committee has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) as our independent public accountants for our fiscal year ending September 27, 2026, and the Board has directed that this selection be submitted for ratification by our stockholders at the Annual Meeting. PwC has audited our consolidated financial statements since we commenced operations in 1985. In deciding whether to re-engage PwC as our independent public accountants, the Audit Committee evaluated PwC s qualifications, performance and independence, including that of the lead audit partner. This evaluation was conducted with input from senior management. The Audit Committee believes there are significant benefits to having independent public accountants that have a history with the Company. These benefits include higher quality audit work and accounting advice due to PwC s institutional knowledge of and familiarity with our business and operations, accounting policies, financial systems and internal control framework, as well as operational efficiencies and a resulting lower fee structure. The Audit Committee also considered potential disadvantages associated with changing the Company s independent public accountants, including increased costs, diversion of our management s attention and our internal accounting resources as new auditors become familiar with our business and processes, and potential difficulties in finding another multinational auditing firm that qualifies as independent from us under applicable standards (in light of the non-audit services provided to us by other major multinational firms). Based on the foregoing evaluation, the Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of PwC as the Company s independent public accountants is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Stockholder ratification of the selection of PwC as our independent public accountants is not required by our Bylaws or otherwise. However, the Board is submitting the selection of PwC to stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate governance. If stockholders fail to ratify the selection, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain PwC. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee in its discretion may appoint different independent public accountants at any time if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. FEES FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES The table below sets forth the aggregate audit fees billed and expected to be billed by PwC for the indicated fiscal year and the fees billed and expected to be billed by PwC for all other services rendered during the indicated fiscal year. All of the services described in the following table were approved in conformity with the Audit Committee s pre-approval process described below. Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Audit fees (1) $ 11,337,000 $ 11,175,000 Audit-related fees (2) 1,417,000 1,295,000 Tax fees (3) 285,000 318,000 All other fees (4) 5,000 5,000 Total $ 13,044,000 $ 12,793,000 1 Audit fees consist of fees billed or expected to be billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, the reviews of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports, and audits of certain of our subsidiaries for statutory, regulatory and other purposes. 2 Audit-related fees consist principally of fees related to field verification of royalties from certain licensees and to a lesser extent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or reviews of our consolidated financial statements, and are not reported under audit fees. 3 Tax fees consist of permissible non-audit services related to global tax compliance, transfer pricing, audit defense and general tax consulting service. 4 All other fees consist of fees for technical publications purchased from PwC. POLICY ON AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT SERVICES OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS The Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent public accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the nature of the particular service or category of services and an estimated fee. The Audit Committee has delegated certain pre-approval authority to its Chair when expedition of approval is necessary, and such approval is reported to the Audit Committee at its next meeting. Our independent public accountants and management periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent public accountants and the fees for the services performed to date. 28 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS REPRESENTATION FROM PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AT THE ANNUAL MEETING Representatives of PwC are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. REQUIRED VOTE AND BOARD RECOMMENDATION The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve this proposal. If you hold your shares in your own name and abstain from voting on this matter, your abstention will have no effect on the vote. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other holder of record and you do not instruct them on how to vote on this proposal, they will have the authority, but are not required, to vote your shares. Abstentions and broker non-votes will each be counted as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum but will not have any effect on the outcome of the proposal. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE SELECTION OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS FOR OUR FISCAL YEAR ENDING SEPTEMBER 27, 2026. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3: APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS This stockholder advisory vote, commonly known as Say-on-Pay, is required pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act and gives our stockholders the opportunity to approve or not approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers (NEOs) for our 2025 fiscal year. At our 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, stockholders voted for the Say-on-Pay vote to be held annually. The Board recommends a vote FOR the following resolution: Resolved, that the stockholders of QUALCOMM Incorporated hereby approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement, including in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative disclosures. COMPENSATION PROGRAM BEST PRACTICES Our fiscal 2025 executive compensation program continues to reflect stockholder feedback and best practices, as summarized on page 5 of this proxy statement. In particular: We regularly engage with our stockholders regarding our executive compensation program and thoroughly consider the feedback we receive. Our HR and Compensation Committee oversees our executive compensation program design and provides general oversight of certain company-wide human capital management initiatives. A majority of the equity awards granted to our NEOs in fiscal 2025 are performance-based, as described more fully in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) section of this proxy statement. We use a balanced portfolio of performance metrics in our incentive plans. Our incentive plans include both relative and absolute performance metrics and measure both top-line growth through Adjusted Revenues in our Annual Cash Incentive Plan (ACIP) and profitability through Adjusted Operating Income in our ACIP and Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS) in our Performance Stock Units (PSUs). Our ACIP also includes a non-financial performance modifier that is based on human capital advancements. Progress in this area is assessed annually by the HR and Compensation Committee. We have rigorous performance objectives, including challenging operating goals for our ACIP and PSUs. For example, our relative total stockholder return (RTSR) PSUs require that we achieve a 55th percentile rank for the target payout, and a 90th percentile rank for the maximum payout, with a cap on payout at target if absolute total stockholder return (TSR) is negative. Earned amounts under our ACIP are limited to 2x target amounts, and earned PSUs are limited to 2x target shares. We have robust stock ownership guidelines, including a CEO guideline of 10x base salary. We have a clawback policy that applies to both cash and equity incentives. Our independent compensation consultant is retained by and reports to the HR and Compensation Committee. Our peer group is reviewed annually and is size- and industry-appropriate to avoid disparate benchmarking. We have a double-trigger provision for vesting of equity in connection with a change in control and we do not provide tax gross-up payments in connection with severance or change in control payments. We continue our many ongoing executive compensation practices that promote consistent leadership, decision-making and pay-for-performance alignment without encouraging inappropriate or unnecessary risk, as discussed in detail in the CD A. EFFECT OF THIS RESOLUTION Because your vote is advisory, it will not be binding upon the Company, the Board or the HR and Compensation Committee. However, we value the opinions of our stockholders, and the HR and Compensation Committee will take into account the outcome of this vote when considering future compensation decisions. REQUIRED VOTE AND BOARD RECOMMENDATION The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve this proposal. If you hold your shares in your own name and abstain from voting on this matter, your abstention will have no effect on the 30 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3: APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS vote. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other holder of record and you do not instruct them on how to vote on this proposal, they will not have the authority to vote your shares. Abstentions and broker non-votes will each be counted as present for purposes of determining the existence of a quorum but will not have any effect on the outcome of the proposal. The Board believes that the compensation of our NEOs, as described in the CD A, compensation tables and narrative disclosures, is appropriate for the reasons discussed herein. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS FOR FISCAL 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 4: APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE FREQUENCY OF FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES ON OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION We are required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act to seek stockholder input at least every six years regarding how frequently we should hold stockholder advisory votes on our executive compensation, commonly known as the Say-on-Pay vote. We last sought stockholder input on the frequency of our Say-on-Pay vote at our 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, at which stockholders indicated a preference for annual Say-on-Pay votes. At the Annual Meeting, we are again requesting that our stockholders indicate whether you would prefer annual (every year), biennial (every two year