=== QCOM_2025-11-05.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. PART I Item 1. Business We incorporated in California in 1985 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1991. We operate and report using a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the last Sunday in September. Our 52-week fiscal years consist of four equal fiscal quarters of 13 weeks each, and our 53-week fiscal years consist of three 13-week fiscal quarters and one 14-week fiscal quarter. The financial results for our 53-week fiscal years and our 14-week fiscal quarters will not be exactly comparable to our 52-week fiscal years and our 13-week fiscal quarters. Our fiscal years for 2025, 2024 and 2023 included 52 weeks, 53 weeks and 52 weeks, respectively. Our fiscal year for 2026 will include 52 weeks. Overview We are a global technology leader, helping to bring intelligent computing everywhere through the development and commercialization of foundational technologies, including on-device artificial intelligence (AI), high-performance and low-power computing and advanced wireless connectivity. Our platforms help power intelligent devices that people and businesses rely on every day across industries and applications from handsets to other areas, including automotive and the internet of things (IoT). In automotive, our Snapdragon Digital Chassis platforms, including connectivity, digital cockpit and advanced driver assistance and automated driving (ADAS/AD), are helping to connect the car to its environment and the cloud, creating unique in-cabin experiences and enabling a comprehensive assisted and automated driving solution. In IoT, our inventions have helped power technology advancements in industries and applications such as consumer (including personal computers (PCs), extended reality (XR) and other personal computing devices), edge networking (including mobile broadband and wireless access points) and industrial (including handhelds, retail, tracking and logistics and utilities). We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products, including our Snapdragon and Qualcomm Dragonwing families of highly-integrated, system-based solutions, and licensing of our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. The foundational technologies we invent help power modern digital experiences. We share these inventions broadly through our licensing programs enabling wide ecosystem access to technologies at the core of mobile innovation, and through the sale of our integrated circuit platforms (also known as integrated circuit products, chips, chipsets or modules) and other products. We innovate and collaborate across many ecosystems, including with manufacturers, operators, developers, system integrators, infrastructure vendors, cloud providers, test tool vendors, service providers, governments and industry standards organizations, to enable next-generation digital transformation. For 40 years, we have been a leader in helping set industry standards and creating era-defining technology breakthroughs, and we continue to play a leading role in developing system-level inventions that serve as the foundation for multiple generations of advanced wireless technologies. We own significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications and trade secrets, applicable to products that implement cellular technologies (including 4G (fourth generation) and/or 5G (fifth generation)), which are the primary digital technologies currently used to transmit voice and data over radio waves using a public or private cellular wireless network. We also develop and commercialize numerous other key technologies used in mobile and other devices and services, and we own substantial intellectual property related to these technologies. Some of these inventions are contributed to and commercialized as industry standards, such as for certain video and audio codecs, Wi-Fi, position location, UWB 4 (ultra-wideband), memory and component interconnect. We have also developed other technologies that are used by wireless and other devices that are not related to industry standards, such as user interfaces, graphics and image processing functionality, RF (radio frequency), RFFE (radio frequency front-end) and antenna designs, AI and machine learning techniques and application processor architectures, among other technologies. We are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. QCT develops and supplies integrated circuit platforms and system software with advanced connectivity and high-performance, low-power computing technologies for use in mobile devices; automotive systems for connectivity, digital cockpit and ADAS/AD; and IoT including consumer electronic devices, industrial devices and edge networking products. QTL grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture and sale of certain wireless products. Our QSI (Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. We also have nonreportable segments, including QGOV (Qualcomm Government Technologies) and our Data Center business (formerly referred to as our cloud computing processing initiative). Industry Trends As the largest technology platform in the world, mobile has transformed the way we connect, compute and communicate. Our breakthrough inventions and licensing programs have been integral to the demand and evolution of the mobile industry. On-device AI, high-performance, low-power computing and advanced wireless connectivity technologies are also impacting many industries beyond mobile, empowering new services, new business models and new ways to engage and interact with customers. Artificial Intelligence. Advancements in processor technologies have enabled the distribution and coordination of complex workloads across the cloud and edge devices to provide enhanced performance and efficiency across use cases. Given the proximity to raw data, edge device computing allows for more context-aware processing, reducing response time, improving privacy and security, and enabling greater personalization. With increased processing power, smartphones and PCs are becoming pervasive AI platforms, with complex, large generative AI algorithms running on-device, enabling on-demand and contextual AI use cases at a fraction of the energy required by cloud-based applications. As wireless connectivity complements on-device generative AI, edge devices enable enhanced productivity use cases, while intelligently processing and sharing data with cloud-based applications as needed. Building on the smartphone and PC foundation, we envision AI becoming ubiquitous and evolving as the new user interface, as it continues to expand into industries and applications such as industrial IoT, XR and automotive. Industry momentum is driving the emergence of new personal AI devices, such as smart glasses, earbuds and other wearables, that allow new agentic AI and context-aware experiences. These personal AI devices are expected to evolve independently of the smartphone ecosystem. At the same time, physical and industrial AI are beginning to reshape industries and provide new opportunities from robotics to manufacturing, logistics and energy, through embedded intelligence and enabling automation, real-time insights, autonomous systems and adaptive decision-making at the edge. Significant investment continues across many industries in the development of complex large language models (LLMs), more tailored small language models (SLMs), large vision models (LVMs), large multimodal models (LMMs) and other generative AI models, which are changing the landscape of the user experience. LLMs and SLMs (e.g., GPT-4o and Llama3) are used for text-based natural language processing applications such as answering queries, document summarization and creation; LVMs (e.g., Stable Diffusion and ControlNet) are used for image and video processing; and LMMs are used to understand and process multiple types of data inputs or modalities such as text, images, audio and video. They are disrupting traditional methods of search, content creation, recommendation systems and personalized digital assistants, offering significant enhancements in consumer utility and productivity, changing the human-computer interface and evolving agentic AI experiences. While these generative AI models are developed primarily for use in the cloud, we believe that the variety of innovative enterprise and consumer use cases that have emerged and will continue to emerge from generative AI must run on-device to maximize their utility, and bring the benefits of immediacy, privacy, security and personalization to consumers. We expect continued advancement in the generative AI capabilities of edge devices and increased adoption of generative AI capable technologies in handsets and other edge devices. We also expect companies and regulators will continue to focus on responsible AI, data privacy and security to ensure the responsible development and deployment of these technologies. Advancing Connectivity. 3G (third generation) cellular technology introduced the world to the potential of the mobile internet, and the ability to access the internet virtually anytime and anywhere. 4G brought mobile broadband speeds that helped fuel the smartphone era, forever changing the way we work, live and connect with others, and has served as the technology foundation for many of the applications and services used today, including e-commerce, video streaming, video calling, social media and gaming. Building on foundational innovations developed for 3G and 4G, the mobile industry continues to transition to 5G technology as 5G network deployments and device launches continue, particularly in emerging regions. 5G is designed to support multi-gigabit data rates, low latency and greater capacity than previous generations of mobile technology to enable enhanced mobile broadband experiences, including ultra-high definition (4K) video streaming and sharing, near-instantaneous access to cloud services, immersive cloud gaming and XR experiences, including augmented reality, virtual reality and mixed reality. 5G s performance and capacity improvements are also enabling operators to offer new consumer 5 and enterprise services. 5G Advanced builds upon the initial 5G standards to enhance system capabilities and expand into new use cases. It introduces key improvements for continued 5G commercialization, supports a range of services beyond mobile broadband, and lays the groundwork for 6G (sixth generation). 5G Advanced is a transformative step, integrating AI-enabled device performance and network performance advancements, satellite communications and lower cost devices to drive innovation across the 5G ecosystem. Consumer Demand for Smartphones. For calendar year 2025, we estimate that consumer demand for smartphones will remain approximately flat relative to calendar year 2024. This estimate includes expected mid single-digit percentage growth in 5G handsets. AI use in smartphones is increasing, and as we look forward, we expect on-device and agentic AI use cases will continue to expand and reshape the mobile industry. Additionally, consumer demand for new experiences, combined with the needs of mobile operators and device manufacturers to provide differentiated features and services, is driving continued innovation within the smartphone across AI, connectivity, processing, multimedia, imaging, audio and more. As a result, the smartphone continues to be the go-to device for social networking, music and video streaming, photography and video capture, e-commerce, gaming, email, web browsing and more. We believe that the combination of AI and cellular technology (such as 5G) will increasingly enable these experiences to be more immersive, intuitive and interactive. Automotive. Digitalization of the automotive cockpit, including wireless connectivity, continues to transform the in-vehicle experience, enabling greater personalization of content and settings for both drivers and passengers as automakers respond to growing interest from consumers to bring their digital lifestyles into the vehicle. Car-to-cloud platforms are designed to help automakers improve cost efficiencies, create new service opportunities throughout the lifecycle of a vehicle with over-the-air update capabilities and gather valuable vehicle and usage analytics. This is driving the development of a new architecture for the software-defined vehicle. According to analyst data, 68% of new vehicles produced in 2030 are projected to have embedded cellular connectivity, with 48% of new vehicles featuring 5G connectivity compared to 21% in 2025 (TechInsights, July 2025). Building on this foundation, AI is helping further transform the next generation of vehicles by embedding intelligence that enables vehicles to actively learn from their environments to support safety, optimize vehicle energy efficiency and provide features such as interactive in-vehicle assistance that personalize the driving and passenger experience. In addition, high-performance, low-power computing technologies, with added security and safety required for automotive products, are being used to improve vehicles with ADAS/AD features that we expect to scale across vehicle tiers and continue the progression toward higher levels of autonomy, safety and convenience. Analysts estimate that the share of new light duty vehicles sold globally with Level 2 (i.e., partial driving automation) or higher autonomy will grow from 24% in 2025 to 52% in 2030 (TechInsights, November 2024). IoT. Industry demand for IoT devices is expected to remain strong across consumer, edge networking and industrial applications, in part due to expanded use cases enabled by 5G and AI technologies, including generative AI. Consumer. Consumer IoT products, including PCs, XR and other personal computing devices, continue to adopt the latest mobile connectivity, processing and intelligence technologies including on-device AI capabilities. This enables new services, applications and experiences that can be run directly on the device, driving improvements in latency, cost and privacy. For example, AI-focused PCs, including those powered by our Snapdragon X Series platforms, allow for increased productivity and enhanced use cases enabled by on-device AI processing at low power. Additionally, smart glasses and wearables, such as smartwatches, earbuds and other form factors are being transformed into personal AI devices as they transition from simply extending smartphone experiences to providing new and unique personalized AI, connecting the user directly to the AI agent and model. Edge Networking. Advances in wireless technology are helping to drive demand for edge networking products (including mobile, fiber broadband and wireless access points). Fiber and 5G technologies continue to grow, delivering not only high speed broadband and infrastructure but also providing the flexibility to support fixed, mobile and fixed wireless users with the delivery of high-performance, low-latency connections. Additionally, advancements in Wi-Fi are driving consumer and enterprise demand for the latest Wi-Fi 6, 6E and 7 access point technologies that leverage increased network speed, capacity and efficiency to support the increased number of connected devices at home and at work. Industrial. The combination of IoT devices with connectivity, edge-computing, on-device AI and power-optimized and/or precise location tracking, along with cloud capabilities, is driving advancements in industries such as retail, transportation logistics, manufacturing, energy and utilities, smart home and video. These technologies allow companies to gain new knowledge and insights about their products and services, manufacturing and logistics processes, which can help to transform and optimize their businesses by improving safety, surveillance, efficiency and customer experiences. A key enabler of this shift is physical AI, which is reshaping industrial applications and creating new opportunities, particularly in areas like manufacturing and robotics. 6 Technology Overview The worldwide demand for intelligent computing everywhere requires continuous innovation to improve user experiences, support new services, expand on-device processing and AI capabilities at low power, and increase wireless connectivity capacity and performance. To meet these requirements, different foundational technologies, including wireless communications, high-performance and low-power computing, AI, multimedia and location, continue to evolve. We have a long history of investing heavily in research and development and have developed many of these foundational technologies that help drive the continued evolution in mobile, automotive and IoT. We have also developed and acquired (and continue to develop and acquire) significant related intellectual property. This intellectual property has been incorporated into the most widely accepted and deployed cellular wireless communications technology standards, and we have licensed it to hundreds of companies. Intelligent Computing . Our processors are purpose-built to elevate computing experiences across mobile, automotive and IoT. We have developed System-on-Chip (SoC) architecture with heterogeneous computing features, which uses our central processing unit (CPU) and different types of specialized engines (graphics processing unit (GPU) and neural processing unit (NPU)) to enable high-performance and low-power computing and other optimization techniques. Our Qualcomm Oryon and Qualcomm Kryo CPU processors deliver enhanced security and AI solutions, designed to enable the next generation of high-tech devices and apps. Qualcomm Oryon CPU core technology is custom-designed to deliver a new level of performance and efficiency and developed to be integrated across a wide portfolio of Snapdragon powered products from certain PC and smartphone products to certain automotive platforms and IoT products. We also intend to leverage our custom-designed CPU cores as we create our data center products. Our Qualcomm Adreno GPUs are designed to deliver high quality graphics performance for visually rich 3D gaming and user interfaces. The Qualcomm AI Engine, featured in our Snapdragon platforms and many of our other products, includes dedicated hardware capable of running complex AI use cases at high performance and low power on device, while also enhancing privacy and security. Our Qualcomm Hexagon NPU is a key processor in our AI Engine and is designed for sustained, high-performance AI inference, enabling leading on-device AI capabilities with very low power consumption. In addition to our leading AI technology, we are simplifying the process for developers to build applications with AI features to work on our platforms. The Qualcomm AI Stack is a unified AI software portfolio designed to help developers optimize and deploy AI models quickly using our chipset solutions by supporting AI frameworks and runtimes, developer libraries, system software and popular operating systems. We also offer certain resources, including the Qualcomm AI Hub, that allow developers to access resources for quickly deploying models on devices powered by our platforms, whether their own or from a growing collection of pre-optimized, ready-to-use AI models. Cellular Wireless Technologies. The majority of cellular connections today are OFDMA (Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access)-based technologies. 5G heavily leverages OFDMA-based technologies, while most of the OFDMA-based technologies deployed prior to 2020 are classified as 4G technology, including LTE (Long-Term Evolution). 5G is designed to transform the role of wireless technologies and incorporates advancements on 3G/4G features, including device-to-device capabilities. 5G has the ability to target diverse services with very different technical requirements (from enhanced mobile broadband to massive IoT to mission-critical communications), utilize diverse types of spectrum (from low bands to millimeter wave (mmWave) bands) and support diverse types of deployment scenarios. Predominant technological components of 5G include ultra-reliable, low-latency communication, very wide channel bandwidth and new channel coding schemes to efficiently support large data blocks, MIMO (multiple input, multiple output) to increase coverage and network capacity and mobile mmWave to increase the data rate offered to users. As with previous cellular generations, 5G is designed to support seamless compatibility with 3G/4G technologies through multimode devices. Many of our inventions at the core of 3G and 4G serve as the foundational technologies for 5G. We continue to play a significant role in driving advancements in 5G, including contributing to 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, a global organization that develops technical specifications) standardization activities that are defining the continued evolution of 5G through the specification of the radio component (NR) and the core network component (5G Core or 5GC) into 5G Advanced, as well as working to establish the requirements for 6G. We envision 6G will integrate advanced capabilities including AI, sensing, digital twinning, and a variety of new system features enabling higher levels of efficiency and performance. Additional Significant Technologies used in Mobile and Other Industries. We continue to play a leading role in developing (and/or have acquired) many other technologies used across mobile and other industries, including: automotive platform features such as digital cockpit and ADAS/AD, including intelligent navigation, obstacle detection and safety-focused decision making, to enable in-cabin experiences and assisted driving solutions; Bluetooth technology, which is a wireless personal area network that provides wireless connectivity between devices over short distances ranging from a few centimeters to approximately one hundred meters using the 2.4GHz industrial, scientific and medical spectrum band; data center technologies, including high-performance AI inference acceleration for data centers and edge clouds; fast charging features, enabling devices to charge quickly, safely and efficiently; multimedia technologies including video, audio and speech compression technologies and system-level solutions enabling feature-rich, high-quality experiences in imaging, audio and vision intelligence; operating system and user interface features; 7 position location technologies such as the Assisted-Global Positioning System (A-GPS), Assisted Global Navigation Satellite System (A-GNSS) and wireless local area networks (WLAN) positioning technologies used in most cellular handsets today; power management systems for improved battery life and device charging; Qualcomm Smart Transmit technology, a modem-to-antenna technology that optimizes data speeds while complying with RF transmit power limits; security and content protection systems for enhanced device security without compromising the user experience; vision intelligence platform features such as image processing and video analytics for consumer and enterprise camera solutions; volatile (LPDDR4, 5, 6) and non-volatile (eMMC UFS) memory and related controllers; WLAN, such as Wi-Fi, which link two or more nearby devices wirelessly and usually provide connectivity through an access point; and XR platform features such as 6DoF (six-degrees of freedom) head tracking and controller capabilities, video pass-through and embedded cellular connectivity for new types of user experiences, and hybrid computing to distribute workloads across devices. Acquisitions We make strategic investments and acquisitions in order to open new opportunities for our technologies, support the design and introduction of new products and services (or enhance existing products or services), obtain resources with development and/or market expertise, grow our patent portfolio or pursue new businesses as part of our strategic plan. Additional information regarding acquisitions is provided in this Annual Report in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9. Acquisitions. Operating Segments We have three reportable segments. We conduct business primarily through QCT and QTL, while QSI makes strategic investments. Additional information regarding our operating segments is provided in this Annual Report in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8. Segment Information. QCT Segment. QCT is a leading developer and supplier of integrated circuit products and system software with advanced connectivity and high-performance, low-power computing technologies, for use in mobile devices; automotive systems for connectivity, digital cockpit and ADAS/AD; and IoT products, including consumer electronic devices, industrial devices and edge networking products. QCT s integrated circuit products are sold and its system software is licensed to manufacturers that use our products in a broad range of devices, from low-tier, entry-level devices primarily for emerging regions to premium-tier devices, including but not limited to mobile devices, wireless networks, devices used in IoT, broadband gateway equipment, consumer electronic devices and automotive systems. Our technology roadmap delivers the latest technologies across multiple product tiers, devices and industries. This roadmap is the result of extensive collaboration with manufacturers, operators, developers, system integrators, infrastructure vendors, cloud providers, test tool vendors, service providers, governments and industry standards organizations, as well as our years of research into emerging network standards and the development of integrated circuits. Our roadmap takes advantage of new standards, while maintaining backward compatibility with existing standards. We have leveraged and expect to continue to leverage the foundational technologies, such as our processor technologies, core baseband modem and our other wireless connectivity products including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and precise positioning technologies, across our product categories, industries and applications including mobile handsets, automotive and IoT. The Snapdragon and Dragonwing families of highly integrated, system-based solutions include the Snapdragon mobile (powering Android devices), compute, sound and automotive platforms, and Dragonwing industrial and edge networking IoT solutions. Each platform consists of application processors and wireless connectivity capabilities, including our cellular modem that provides core baseband modem functionality for voice and data communications, non-cellular wireless connectivity (such as Wi-Fi and Bluetooth) and global positioning functions. Our Snapdragon application processor functions include AI, security, graphics, display, audio, video, camera and other compute processing. Our Qualcomm Oryon and Kryo CPUs are designed to deliver high levels of compute performance with optimized power consumption. Our Hexagon NPUs are designed to support a variety of AI processing tasks for superior performance-per-watt, thermal efficiency and battery life. Our Qualcomm Adreno GPUs are designed to deliver high quality graphics performance for visually rich 3D gaming and user interfaces. In addition to the highly integrated core SoC, we also design and supply supporting components, including the RF transceiver, PM (power management), audio codecs, speaker amps and additional wireless connectivity integrated circuits. These supporting components, in addition to our cellular modems and application processors comprising our core SoC, are also sold as individual components. The combination of the SoC, system software and supporting components provides an overall platform with optimized performance and efficiency, enabling manufacturers to design and deliver powerful, slim and power-efficient devices ready for integration with complex cellular networks worldwide. Our portfolio of RF products includes Qualcomm RFFE components that are designed to simplify the RF front-end design for 5G, including sub-6 GHz and mmWave, as well as, for 4G LTE multimode devices, to reduce power consumption and to improve radio performance. We provide comprehensive RFFE product offerings with system level performance from the modem and transceiver to the antenna that include complex 4G/5G transmit and receive modules, power tracking, tuning systems, multimode-multiband power amplification, low noise amplifiers and mmWave antenna solutions, in addition to 8 discrete filtering products, for devices and applications across the mobile handsets, automotive and IoT industries. We have also integrated our Snapdragon platform with our RFFE components to create our Snapdragon 5G modem-RF products, a modem-to-antenna platform integrating AI to maximize data speeds and performance, support superior call connectivity and coverage and extend battery life. Our wireless connectivity products also