=== BRK-B_2026-03-02.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Ris k Factors Berkshire and its subsidiaries (referred to herein as “we,” “us,” “our” or similar expressions) are subject to certain risks and uncertainties in its business operations which are described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently unknown or are currently deemed immaterial may also impair our business operations. General Business Risks Terrorist acts could hurt our operating businesses. A nuclear, biological or chemical terrorist attack or armed terrorist incursions could produce significant losses to our worldwide operations. Our business operations could be adversely affected from such acts through the loss of human life, destruction of production facilities and information systems or other property damage. We share these risks with all businesses. Cybersecurity risks could result in economic losses to our businesses and reputational damage. We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Like those of many large businesses, certain of our information systems have been subject to cyber threats, including computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks and other cyber-attacks. We expect continued exposure to such attacks in the future and attacks have become more sophisticated and frequent. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users and other operational difficulties. Cyber-attacks perpetrated against our systems could result in loss of assets and critical information and expose us to remediation costs and reputation damage. K- 24 Although we have taken steps intended to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning and business impact analysis, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion at one or more of our significant operations could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. Additionally, if we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities, information technology and business systems or could compromise confidential company, customer and employee information. Political, economic, social or financial market instability or damage to or interference with our operating assets, customers or suppliers from cyber-attacks may result in business interruptions, lost revenues, higher commodity prices, disruption in fuel supplies, lower energy consumption, unstable markets, increased security, repairs and other costs, including penalties and legal proceedings, or may materially adversely affect us in ways that cannot be predicted at this time. Any of these risks could materially affect our consolidated financial results. Furthermore, instability in the financial markets resulting from terrorism, sustained or significant cyber-attacks or war could also have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise capital. We share these risks with all businesses. Geopolitical events could cause losses to our business and losses in the values of securities we own. We believe risks of adverse effects from geopolitical events are rising, through armed and diplomatic conflicts involving governments in various parts of the world. Government policies and actions taken in the U.S. and elsewhere, including responses of other governments to such actions may adversely affect our operating businesses through reduced sales, increased operating costs or sanctions, restricted supply chains, physical damage to our properties and loss of life of our employees and losses in the values of the securities we own. In addition, international trade policies in the U.S. and elsewhere, including tariffs and other barriers, could negatively impact our operating results. We share these risks with all businesses. We are dependent on a few key people for our major investment and capital allocation decisions. In May 2025, Berkshire’s Board of Directors appointed Mr. Gregory E. Abel to succeed Mr. Warren E. Buffett as Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2026. Major capital allocation and investment decisions are the responsibility of Mr. Abel. Mr. Ajit Jain is Vice Chairman of Berkshire’s insurance operations. Mr. Adam Johnson is President of Berkshire’s Consumer Products, Service and Retailing operations. Mr. Jain and Mr. Johnson each report directly to Mr. Abel. If for any reason the services of our key personnel were to become unavailable, there could be a material adverse effect on our operations. The Board continually monitors this risk. We believe that the Board’s succession plans, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous highly diversified operating units, helps to mitigate this risk. We need qualified personnel to manage and operate our various businesses. In our decentralized business model, we need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our operating subsidiaries also need qualified and competent personnel to execute business plans and serve their customers, suppliers and other stakeholders. Our inability to recruit, train and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. Further, labor disruptions or strikes at our subsidiaries, our customers or within our supply chains could reduce our sales, increase our costs and negatively impact our periodic operating results. Investments are unusually concentrated in equity securities and fair values are subject to loss in value. We concentrate a high percentage of the equity security investments of our insurance subsidiaries in relatively small number of issuers. A significant decline in the fair values of our larger investments in equity securities may produce a material decline in our consolidated shareholders’ equity and our consolidated earnings. Since a large percentage of our equity securities are held by our insurance subsidiaries, significant decreases in the fair values of these investments will produce significant declines in the statutory surplus of our insurance subsidiaries. Our large statutory surplus is a competitive advantage, and a long-term material decline could have an adverse effect on our claims-paying ability ratings and our ability to write new insurance business, thus potentially reducing our future underwriting profits. K- 25 Competition and technology may erode our business franchises and result in lower earnings. Each of our operating businesses faces intense competition within markets in which they operate. While we manage our businesses with the objective of achieving long-term sustainable growth by developing and strengthening competitive advantages, many factors, including technological changes, disruptive innovations and difficulties in enforcing, protecting and defending our intellectual properties, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Accordingly, our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. If our operating businesses are unsuccessful in these efforts, our periodic operating results in the future may decline. Unfavorable general economic conditions may significantly reduce our operating earnings and impair our ability to access capital markets at a reasonable cost. Our operating businesses are subject to normal economic cycles affecting the general economy or the specific industries in which they operate. Significant deteriorations of economic conditions, including significant inflation over prolonged time periods could produce a material adverse effect on one or more of our significant operations. In addition, our utilities and energy businesses and our railroad business regularly utilize debt as a component of their capital structures and depend on having access to borrowed funds through the capital markets at reasonable rates. To the extent that access to the capital markets is restricted or the cost of funding increases, these operations could be adversely affected. Epidemics, pandemics or other similar outbreaks could hurt our operating businesses. The outbreak of epidemics, pandemics or other similar outbreaks in the future may adversely affect our operations, including the value of our equity securities portfolio. This may be due to closures or restrictions requested or mandated by governmental authorities, disruption to supply chains and workforce, reduction of demand for our products and services, credit losses when customers and other counterparties fail to satisfy their obligations to us, and volatility in global equity securities markets, among other factors. We share most of these risks with all businesses. Regulatory changes may adversely impact our future operating results. Over time, regulatory initiatives have been adopted in the United States and elsewhere for a variety of reasons, including as responses to financial markets crises, global economic recessions, and social and environmental issues. Such initiatives address, for example, the regulation of banks and other major financial institutions, the regulation of products and services and environmental and climate change matters and income tax policy. These initiatives impact each of our businesses, albeit in varying ways. Increased regulatory compliance costs could have a significant negative impact on our operating businesses, as well as on the businesses in which we have significant, but not controlling, economic interests. We cannot predict whether such initiatives will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Data privacy and artificial intelligence laws and regulations have been enacted or are under development in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and throughout the world. These regulations address numerous aspects related to the security of personal information that is stored in our information systems, networks and facilities and the use of artificial intelligence tools. Failure to comply with these increased laws and regulations could result in reputation damage and significant economic penalties. Climate change and the regulation of greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions may impact our businesses. Climate and weather-related events and the regulation of GHG emissions could impact our businesses to varying degrees. Climate-related events, including hurricanes, floods, wildfires, and other extreme weather events may increase the physical risks and impacts to our operations. An increase in the frequency or intensity of extreme weather events and storms could negatively impact the physical assets of our non-insurance operations and could produce losses affecting our businesses. Similarly, extreme weather events may produce losses affecting our insurance operations, as their primary business is to monitor, assess and price risk, including climate-related risk, at an expected economic profit to address the risk-transfer needs of their insurance customers. Additional GHG and climate-related policies, including legislation, may emerge that influence the transition to a lower GHG-emitting economy and could, in turn, influence costs for our businesses to comply with those policies, including BNSF and BHE, which combined represent the vast majority of Berkshire’s direct emissions. The failure to comply with new or existing regulations or reinterpretation of existing regulations relating to climate change could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results. K- 26 Risks unique to our regulated businesses Our tolerance for underwriting risk assumed in our various insurance businesses may result in significant underwriting losses. When properly paid for the risk assumed, we have been and will continue to be willing to assume more risk from a single event than any other insurer has knowingly assumed. Accordingly, we could incur a significant loss from a single catastrophe event resulting from a natural disaster or man-made catastrophes such as terrorism or cyber-attacks. We employ various disciplined underwriting practices intended to mitigate potential losses, attempt to consider all possible correlations and avoid writing groups of policies from which pre-tax losses from a single catastrophe event might aggregate in excess of $15 billion. However, despite our efforts, it is possible that losses could manifest in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. Various provisions of our policies, negotiated to limit our risk, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend, as it is possible that a court or regulatory authority could nullify or void an exclusion or limitation, or legislation could be enacted modifying or barring the use of these exclusions and limitations. Our tolerance for significant insurance losses may result in lower reported earnings in a future period. The principal cost associated with the property and casualty insurance business is claims. In writing property and casualty insurance policies, we receive premiums today and promise to pay covered losses in the future. However, it will take decades before all claims that have occurred as of any given balance sheet date will be settled. Although we believe that recorded liabilities for unpaid losses are adequate, we will not know whether these liabilities or the premiums charged for the coverages provided were sufficient until well after the balance sheet date. Estimating insurance claim costs is inherently imprecise. It is possible that significant claims may emerge or develop in the future from the policies we have written in the past. As industry practices and legal, social and environmental conditions evolve, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge, including new or expanded theories of liability, increased frequency of litigation driven, in part, by the increasing trend of third-party litigation funding, and other social inflation trends such as juries awarding increasingly larger verdicts. These or other changes could impose new financial obligations on us by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent and result in increased litigation costs and adverse judicial awards. In some instances, these changes may not become apparent until sometime after we have issued insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after a contract is issued. Our estimated unpaid losses arising under contracts covering property and casualty insurance risks are large ($151.8 billion at December 31, 2025), and a small percentage increase to those liabilities can result in a material reduction in reported earnings. Changes in regulations and regulatory actions can adversely affect our operating results and our ability to allocate capital. Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Such regulations may relate to, among other things, the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, the level of capital that must be maintained and restrictions on the types and size of investments that can be made. Regulations may also restrict the timing and amount of dividend payments to Berkshire by these businesses. U.S. state insurance regulators and international insurance regulators are also actively developing various regulatory mechanisms to address the regulation of large internationally active insurance groups, including regulations concerning group capital, liquidity, governance and risk management. Accordingly, changes in regulations related to these or other matters or regulatory actions imposing restrictions on our insurance businesses may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital. Our railroad business conducted through BNSF is also subject to a significant number of laws and regulations with respect to rates and practices, taxes, railroad operations and a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental and other matters. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on BNSF’s business. Governments may change the legislative and/or regulatory framework within which BNSF operates, without providing any recourse for any adverse effects that the change may have on the business. Complying with legislative and regulatory changes may pose significant operating and implementation risks and require significant capital expenditures. BNSF can be exposed to significant litigation costs and losses arising from these matters and from ongoing business operations. K- 27 BNSF derives significant revenues from the transportation of energy-related commodities, including coal. Changes in government policies that limit, restrict or displace coal as a fuel source in generating electricity, or limit or restrict other commodities that BNSF transports, could adversely affect revenues and earnings. As a common carrier, BNSF is also required to transport toxic inhalation hazard chemicals and other hazardous materials. The release of hazardous materials could expose BNSF to significant claims, losses, penalties and environmental remediation obligations. Changes in the regulation of the rail industry could negatively impact BNSF’s ability to determine prices for rail services and to make capital improvements to its rail network, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. The U.S. freight transportation infrastructure is integrated. BNSF’s operations may be negatively affected by service disruptions of other entities, such as ports, passenger trains, and other railroads, which interchange with BNSF Railway. A prolonged service disruption at any of these entities could have adverse consequences on BNSF. Significant consolidation or integration involving participants within the freight transportation industry, including mergers among major rail carriers, may lead to operational disruptions across the rail network and broader supply chain, which could negatively impact BNSF’s operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Our utilities and energy businesses operated under BHE are highly regulated by numerous federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. These laws and regulations are complex, dynamic and subject to new interpretations or change. Regulations affect almost every aspect of our utilities and energy businesses. Regulations broadly apply and may limit management’s ability to independently make and implement decisions regarding numerous matters including: acquiring businesses; constructing, acquiring, disposing or retiring of operating assets; operating and maintaining generating facilities and transmission and distribution system assets; complying with pipeline safety and integrity and environmental requirements; setting rates charged to customers; establishing capital structures and issuing debt; managing and reporting transactions between our domestic utilities and our other subsidiaries and affiliates; and paying dividends or similar distributions. Failure to comply with or reinterpretations of existing regulations and new legislation or regulations, such as those relating to air quality, climate change, emissions performance standards, water quality, coal ash disposal and other environmental matters, or changes in the nature of the regulatory process may have a significant adverse impact on our financial results. Furthermore, our regulated energy subsidiaries are exposed to losses arising from wildfires and related litigation and judicial outcomes. The energy rates charged by our regulated energy subsidiaries to customers are based on the costs of the business and require regulatory approval. To the extent costs are not recoverable through approved rates, the operating results and financial condition of these businesses can be negatively impacted, perhaps materially. BNSF requires significant ongoing capital investment to improve and maintain its railroad network so that transportation services can be safely and reliably provided to customers on a timely basis. BHE also requires significant capital to construct, operate and maintain generation, transmission and distribution systems to meet their customers’ needs and reliability criteria. System assets need to be operational for long periods of time to justify the financial investment. The operational or financial failure of capital projects may not be recoverable through rates that are charged to customers. Further, a significant portion of costs of capital improvements may be funded through debt. Restricted access to debt capital markets by BNSF or BHE could adversely affect the results of operations, liquidity and/or capital resources of these businesses. 

=== BRK-B_2026-05-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, to which reference is made herein. The risks and uncertainties we describe are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or operations. Any adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results could result in a decline in the value of our securities and the loss of all or part of your investment. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use o f Proceeds and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities Berkshire’s common stock repurchase program currently permits Berkshire to repurchase its Class A and Class B shares any time that Berkshire’s Chief Executive Officer, after consultation with the Chairman of the Board, believes that the repurchase price is below Berkshire’s intrinsic value, conservatively determined. Repurchases may be in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. Berkshire’s common stock repurchases during the first quarter of 2026 are summarized as follows. Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program Maximum number or value of shares that yet may be repurchased under the program January — $ — — * February — — — * March Class A common stock 33 729,701.17 33 * Class B common stock 431,462 486.92 431,462 * —————— * The program does not specify a maximum number of shares to be repurchased or obligate Berkshire to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of Class A or Class B shares and there is no expiration date to the repurchase program. Berkshire will not repurchase its common stock if the repurchases reduce the value of Berkshire’s consolidated cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury Bills holdings to less than $30 billion. Item 3. Defaults Upo n Senior Securities None 46 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures Information regarding the Company’s mine safety violations and other legal matters disclosed in accordance with Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-Q. Item 5. Other Information Berkshire has not adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(a)(1)(i) of Regulation S-K) and no directors or executive officers adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the first quarter of 2026. Item 6. E xhibits a. Exhibits 3(i) Restated Certificate of Incorporation Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2015. 3(ii) Amended and Restated By-Laws Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2025. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 32.2 Section 1350 Certifications 95 Mine Safety Disclosures 101 The following financial information from Berkshire Hathaway Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Cover Page (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity, (vi) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vii) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in summary and detail. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) SIGNAT URE Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. (Registrant) Date: May 2, 2026 /S/ MARC D. HAMBURG (Signature) Marc D. Hamburg, Senior Vice President and Principal Financial Officer 47 