=== MSI_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0000068505 0000068505 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000068505 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000068505 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000068505 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000068505 msi:SctOptionAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 msi:SctStockAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 msi:PriorYearValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsForfeitedOrCancelledMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 msi:SctOptionAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 msi:PriorYearValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsForfeitedOrCancelledMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 msi:SctStockAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000068505 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Motorola Solutions, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Dear Fellow Motorola Solutions Shareholder: At Motorola Solutions, our purpose is safety and security. We are defined by a mission: to provide our customers across public safety, defense and enterprise with technology leadership that enables people, property and places to be safer. The need for resilient, real-time intelligence has never been greater, and Motorola Solutions is committed to building, connecting and supporting the technologies that help address the world s rapidly evolving and increasingly complex challenges. We believe that architecture resiliency is the foundational difference that sets Motorola Solutions apart. Grounded in our mission-critical communications expertise, we enable the connectivity platform and services that integrate the best of land mobile radio, broadband and mobile ad-hoc networks (MANET) to support our customers with scale, security and reliability. Reflecting on 2025, I m proud of our execution, with our leadership evident in another year of outstanding financial performance. We achieved revenue of approximately $11.7 billion, representing 8% growth, and generated $2.8 billion in operating cash flow, representing 19% growth. We also ended the year with a record backlog of $15.7 billion. These results, supported by a solid balance sheet, provide us with the flexibility to invest. A cornerstone of our value creation is our disciplined capital allocation. In 2025, Motorola Solutions deployed over $8 billion across strategic acquisitions, research and development, capital expenditures and direct shareholder returns: $4.9 billion in strategic acquisitions, including the largest in Motorola Solutions history with Silvus Technologies. Silvus expanded our intelligent network footprint with high-speed MANET for defense and public safety, at a time when global investments in drones and unmanned systems are rising. Our other 2025 acquisitions strengthened our capabilities in cloud-native 911 solutions, AI-powered workflow software and remote video monitoring. $970 million in research and development and $265 million in capital expenditures to deliver next-generation technologies such as Assist, our mission-critical AI, and SVX, our body-worn assistant that converges secure voice, video and AI. We maintain rigorous oversight of our AI strategy, guiding the development of these high-stakes technologies with our highest standards to enable accuracy, accountability and transparency. $1.9 billion in shareholder returns, including $1.2 billion in share repurchases and $728 million in dividends, while increasing our dividend by 11%. We continue to invest in our global workforce of approximately 23,000 while also proactively refreshing our Board, adding five new independent directors in the last four years. We remain focused on the opportunities ahead, centered on building a safer future for the customers and communities we serve. Thank you for your continued investment and support. Gregory Q. Brown Chairman and CEO Table of Contents PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES: 500 West Monroe Street Chicago, Illinois 60661 April 2, 2026 NOTICE OF 2026 VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Annual Meeting Date: Monday, May 18, 2026 Time: 10:00 a.m. Central Time Virtual Meeting Site: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSI2026 This year s virtual annual meeting (the Annual Meeting ) will be held entirely online via live audio webcast. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. For more information regarding how to attend the Annual Meeting online, please see the section titled User s Guide on page 84 of this Proxy Statement. Shareholders will be able to listen, vote, and submit questions from their home or from any remote location that has internet connectivity. There will be no physical location for shareholders to attend. Shareholders may only attend, vote, and submit questions during the Annual Meeting by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSI2026 and entering the 16-digit control number included in their Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ), voting instruction form, or proxy card. Shareholders who hold shares through the Motorola Solutions 401(k) Plan may attend and submit questions during the Annual Meeting and may only vote shares held through the Motorola Solutions 401(k) Plan in advance of the Annual Meeting as described in this Proxy Statement, but may not vote such shares virtually at the Annual Meeting. The purpose of the meeting is to: 1. elect the eight director nominees named in this Proxy Statement for a one-year term; 2. ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; 3. hold a shareholder advisory vote to approve the Company s executive compensation; and 4. act upon such other matters as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Only Motorola Solutions shareholders of record at the close of business on March 19, 2026 (the record date ) will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Notice, which contains instructions regarding how to access this Proxy Statement, the proxy card and the Company s 2025 Annual Report, is first being mailed to shareholders on or about April 2, 2026. In addition, this Proxy Statement, the proxy card and the Company s 2025 Annual Report will be available on or about April 2, 2026 at www.ProxyVote.com . If you are a street name shareholder (meaning that your shares are registered in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee), you will receive instructions from such bank, broker or other nominee describing how to vote your shares. By order of the Board of Directors, Kristin L. Kruska Secretary REVIEW YOUR PROXY STATEMENT AND VOTE IN ONE OF FOUR WAYS: ONLINE BEFORE THE MEETING BY MAIL visit www.ProxyVote.com If you received a printed copy of the proxy card, mark, sign, date and return the proxy card using the postage-paid envelope provided. BY TELEPHONE ONLINE AT THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING* Use the toll-free telephone number listed on your proxy card. Attend the virtual Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSI2026 THIS MEETING WILL TAKE PLACE ONLINE ONLY. THERE IS NO PHYSICAL LOCATION. In order to attend the meeting as a shareholder, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your Notice, proxy card or voting instruction form. *Shareholders who hold shares through the Motorola Solutions 401(k) Plan may attend and submit questions during the Annual Meeting and may only vote shares held through the Motorola Solutions 401(k) Plan in advance of the Annual Meeting as described in this Proxy Statement, but may not vote such shares virtually at the Annual Meeting. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AT MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS 6 OUR BOARD 9 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF EIGHT DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT FOR A ONE-YEAR TERM 9 OUR BOARD WHO WE ARE 9 OUR BOARD S QUALIFICATIONS 14 HOW OUR BOARD IS SELECTED AND ASSESSED 14 HOW OUR BOARD GOVERNS THE COMPANY 17 OUR BOARD S LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE 21 COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD 22 INDEPENDENCE 24 RELATED PERSON TRANSACTION POLICY AND PROCEDURES 24 HOW YOU CAN COMMUNICATE WITH OUR BOARD 25 HOW WE DETERMINE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 25 HOW OUR DIRECTORS ARE COMPENSATED 25 OUR COMPANY 28 WHO WE ARE 28 OUR LEADERSHIP TEAM 29 PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS THE COMPANY S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026 32 OUR PAY 33 PROPOSAL NO. 3 ADVISORY APPROVAL OF THE COMPANY S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 33 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 34 SAY ON PAY VOTE RESULTS AND SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 35 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 36 PROCESS FOR DETERMINING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 46 2025 ANNUAL COMPENSATION ELEMENTS 49 COMPARATIVE MARKET DATA 52 EQUITY USAGE AND GRANT PROCESSES UNDER OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAMS 53 OTHER COMPENSATION POLICIES AND PRACTICES 54 COMPENSATION AND LEADERSHIP COMMITTEE REPORT 57 COMPENSATION AND LEADERSHIP COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 57 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 58 2025 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 58 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN 2025 60 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2025 FISCAL YEAR-END 61 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN 2025 63 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION IN 2025 63 RETIREMENT PLANS 64 PENSION BENEFITS IN 2025 65 EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS 65 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE IN CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS 66 CEO PAY RATIO 73 PAY VS. PERFORMANCE 74 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 78 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 79 REPORT OF AUDIT COMMITTEE 79 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES 81 AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES 81 OUR SHAREHOLDERS 82 SECURITY OWNERSHIP INFORMATION 82 USER S GUIDE 84 VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING PHILOSOPHY 84 INSTRUCTIONS FOR VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING 84 VOTING MATTERS 85 IMPORTANT DATES FOR THE 2027 ANNUAL MEETING 88 OTHER MATTERS 90 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This proxy statement (the Proxy Statement ) is being furnished to holders of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock ) of Motorola Solutions, Inc. ( we, our, Motorola Solutions, MSI or the Company ). Proxies are being solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ) to be used at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) to be held virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSI2026 on Monday, May 18, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time, for the purposes set forth in the Notice of 2026 Virtual Annual Meeting of Shareholders. This Proxy Statement is dated April 2, 2026 and is being distributed to shareholders on or about April 2, 2026. WHAT IS MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS? Motorola Solutions business is safety and security. Every day our approximately 23,000 employees work to deliver on our commitment of helping to create safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. We are a global leader in mission-critical safety and security technologies for public safety, government, including defense, and enterprise customers, grounded in nearly 100 years of close customer and community collaboration. Headquartered in Chicago, we design and advance technology for more than 100,000 customers in over 100 countries. We are driven by our goal to make everywhere safer for all. PERFORMANCE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN (in percent) PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS SINCE 2011 1,220% TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN* 51% REDUCTION IN SHARE COUNT $23.0 BILLION IN CAPITAL RETURN * Based on the split adjusted closing price of MSI common stock on December 31, 2010 and the closing price of MSI common stock on December 31, 2025, illustrating the growth of an initial investment of $100 on December 31, 2010, including payment of dividends. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Grew sales 8% to record $11.7 billion Achieved record sales in both segments and all three technologies Increased operating earnings by 11% and diluted earnings per share by 38% Ended year with record backlog of $15.7 billion Increased quarterly dividend 11% to $1.21 per share Generated $2.8 billion of operating cash flow Launched our body-worn assistant, SVX, that converges secure voice, video and artificial intelligence ( AI ), and Assist, our mission-critical AI Capital allocation of cash included $4.9 billion for acquisitions, $1.2 billion of share repurchases and $728 million of dividends Closed our largest acquisition, Silvus Technologies Holdings Inc. ( Silvus ), a leader in software-defined high-speed mobile ad-hoc network (MANET) technology that enables highly secure data, video and voice communications without the need for fixed infrastructure Closed three other acquisitions in our Command Center and Video Security and Access Control technologies Issued $2 billion of long-term senior notes and entered into $1.5 billion of term loans to fund the acquisition of Silvus, and repaid $322 million of debentures due in 2025 Ended 2025 with approximately 6,630 granted patents and approximately 690 patent applications pending Employees volunteered over 125,000 hours and donated more than $1.5 million to nearly 5,000 causes around the world Voted #1 Best Workplaces for Innovators 2025 by Fast Company Named to TIME: World s Best Companies of 2025 Named to Forbes: Most Trusted Companies in America 2025 Named to Newsweek: America s Most Responsible Companies 2025 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Date and Time: Monday, May 18, 2026, 10:00 a.m. Central Time Virtual Meeting Site: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSI2026 Record Date: March 19, 2026 Voting: Shareholders as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to vote. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and one vote for each of the other proposals to be voted on. Online meeting only: No physical location Items To Be Voted On Our Board s Recommendation Election of Eight Director Nominees Named in this Proxy Statement for a One-Year Term (page 9) FOR Ratification of the Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 (page 32) FOR Advisory Approval of the Company s Executive Compensation (page 33) FOR 2 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents DIRECTOR NOMINEE HIGHLIGHTS (page 9) Board Committees (as of April 2, 2026)* Name Director Since Indep. Other Public Co. Boards Position Audit Comp. Gov. Nom. Exec. Gregory Q. Brown 2007 0 Chairman and CEO, Motorola Solutions, Inc. Nicole Anasenes 2024 1 Former Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance, ANSYS, Inc. Kenneth D. Denman 2017 1 Managing Director, Sway Ventures Dr. Ayanna M. Howard 2022 1 Dean of the College of Engineering at The Ohio State University Mark E. Lashier 2025 1 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phillips 66 Peter A. Leav 2026 0 Senior Advisor, TPG Inc. Elizabeth D. Mann 2024 0 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Verisk Analytics, Inc. Joseph M. Tucci 2017 1 Chairman of Bridge Growth Partners = Chair of Committee * Mr. Mondre, who has been a valuable member of the Board during his tenure, has not been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting, and his term on the Board will expire at the conclusion of the Annual Meeting. As such, Mr. Mondre is not included in the director tables in the Proxy Statement Summary section of this Proxy Statement. DIRECTOR NOMINEE STATISTICS Independence 88% Average Tenure 5 Years Average Age 61 Years Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES Skills Experience Summary Brown Anasenes Denman Howard Lashier Leav Mann Tucci Relevant industry experience Public company CEO, division CEO or CFO Financial and accounting expertise Technology experience Cybersecurity and privacy experience Software and services business experience Global business experience Government, public policy or regulatory experience Private equity, investment banking or capital allocation experience Public company board experience Human capital management experience Skills and Experience Detail: Relevant industry experience Directors who possess an understanding of financial, operational and strategic issues facing public safety agencies, defense organizations and enterprises bring valuable insight to our business. Public company CEO, division CEO or CFO Directors who have served in relevant public company senior leadership positions bring unique experience and perspective to our business. Financial and accounting expertise Directors with a deep understanding of financial markets, accounting principles and methodologies and financial reporting processes are well-suited to oversee our financial position, results of operations and related financial reporting. Technology experience Directors with experience in innovation and technology, including engineering and AI across video and software platforms, are strategically equipped to help our business in Solving for safer to help protect people, property and places. Cybersecurity and privacy experience Directors with experience in cybersecurity and data privacy risk bring valued perspective to our delivery of mission-critical systems that help our public safety, defense, critical infrastructure and enterprise customers detect and protect against these threats. Software and services business experience Directors with experience in software and services are uniquely positioned to manage our business s growing focus on software and recurring services. Global business experience Directors with experience overseeing non-U.S. operations, global business cultures and multicultural customer preferences assist in managing our global operations and supply chain, supporting customers in over 100 countries around the world. Government, public policy or regulatory experience Directors with U.S. and multi-national government affairs, policy or regulatory experience are uniquely qualified to provide guidance to our business, which primarily serves governmental entities. Private equity, investment banking or capital allocation experience Directors with private equity, investment banking or capital allocation experience are particularly skilled to help address our business s complex financial transactions. Public company board experience Directors who currently serve, or have served, on other public company boards, maintain a thorough understanding of corporate governance practices and policies and assist in maintaining relationships between the corporate board and senior management. Human capital management experience Directors with experience managing people and teams, including with respect to recruitment, retention, development and compensation, provide strategic value in overseeing our human capital management efforts, as we operate in a competitive talent market, particularly with respect to software and cloud computing infrastructure engineers, as well as employees in data science and AI. 4 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS (page 14) 7 of our 8 director nominees are independent, including all committee members All members of our Audit Committee qualify as audit committee financial experts Lead Independent Director Regular executive session meetings of independent directors Annual election of directors Annual director self-assessment process No supermajority voting provisions in our organizational documents No poison pill Robust oversight of risk Director Independence Guidelines Majority voting standard in uncontested director elections 20% threshold for shareholder right to call special meeting Shareholder right to act by written consent Succession planning Proactive shareholder engagement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS (page 34) Pay-for-performance and at-risk compensation A significant portion of our targeted annual compensation is performance-based and/or subject to forfeiture ( at-risk ), with emphasis on variable pay to reward short- and long-term performance measured against pre-established objectives informed by the Company s strategy. For 2025, performance-based compensation comprised approximately 96% of the targeted annual compensation for our CEO and, on average, approximately 86% of the targeted annual compensation for our other NEOs. Compensation aligned with shareholder interests Performance measures for incentive compensation are linked to the overall performance of the Company and are designed to be aligned with the creation of long-term shareholder value. Emphasis on future pay opportunity vs. current pay Our long-term incentive awards are equity-based, use multi-year vesting provisions to encourage retention, and are designed to align our NEOs interests with long-term shareholder interests. For 2025, long-term equity compensation comprised approximately 86% of the targeted annual compensation for our CEO and, on average, approximately 70% of the targeted annual compensation for the other NEOs. Retention of independent compensation consultant Annual say on pay vote No tax gross-up provisions A recoupment clawback policy for compensation paid to certain officers Robust stock ownership guidelines for directors and officers An Insider Trading Prohibitions Policy that prohibits, among other things, our directors and officers from engaging in any pledging, short sales, hedging or other derivative transactions involving our securities Double trigger severance benefits in the event of a change in control No repricing of options without shareholder approval No excessive perquisites Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AT MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS Corporate responsibility is embedded in our strategy and operations. We have an Executive Management Governance Team, co-chaired by two members of our management s Executive Committee, that develops and implements strategies and programs across our global organization to responsibly shape our corporate impact. Our program centers around the following six pillars: 6 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents In addition to our efforts preparing for upcoming regulations in a number of areas, the following is a sampling of our efforts in 2025, organized across our six pillars: Environment As previously disclosed, we revised our GHG reduction goal to 58.8% reduction in global absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based emissions by 2034, compared to a 2024 baseline, taking into consideration updated guidance from the SBTi organization and changes to our business through acquisitions and outsourcing. Our Chicago, Illinois headquarters continues to maintain its LEED Gold certification, ENERGY STAR recognition, and BOMA 360 designation, underscoring our commitment to high-performing and sustainable buildings. At our Schaumburg, Illinois facilities, our adjustments to building automation systems produced substantial quarterly savings. Our Fault Detection and Diagnostic (FDD) program identified further HVAC inefficiencies which we remediated, highlighting technology s pivotal role in fostering sustainable operations. At our Elgin, Illinois facility, we advanced operational sustainability through participation in the ComEd Strategic Energy Management (SEM) program. This partnership supports continuous improvement by identifying low- and no-cost energy-saving opportunities, enhancing operational efficiency. We upgraded three Northern Illinois facilities with high-efficiency Camfil HFESMV11 filtration. We expect this upgrade to save 271,246 kWh annually across the three sites, equivalent to avoiding 246.35 metric tons of CO 2 e. These long-life filters also reduce maintenance costs and downtime, and improve indoor air quality and HVAC system longevity. We are currently evaluating wider deployment of this technology to expand energy savings and enhance environmental performance globally. Our Allen, Texas facility partnered with Oncor to implement targeted Energy Conservation Measures (ECMs), such as optimizing HVAC control logic to eliminate simultaneous heating and cooling. These initiatives improved energy efficiency, saving an estimated 130,625 kWh, which equates to approximately 92.6 metric tons of CO 2 e avoided. One of our Penang, Malaysia facilities initiated implementation of an 890-kWp solar photovoltaic (PV) system to support our transition to renewable energy, expected to be fully executed in 2026. The system is expected to generate about 104,000 kWh of clean energy per month, reducing reliance on grid electricity and contributing to our global carbon reduction goals. Supply Chain We further enhanced business continuity and resiliency in our supply chain by optimizing supply and operations at locations closer to our customers. Throughout the year, our supply chain human rights experts reviewed our supply chain practices, participated in industry initiatives and shared best practices. This included our continued participation in the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) through industry collaboration, working groups, and conferences. We upheld our commitment to fostering economic opportunities within the communities we serve, spending nearly $500 million with small business partners. We evaluated for risk 100% of our direct material suppliers, representing 80% of our direct material spend. We audited 100% of our direct material suppliers that were evaluated as high risk. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Human Capital Management We launched a new unified Motorola Solutions Learning Center program for employees, customers and partners, which offers personalized, self-paced, and in-person product training to help accelerate familiarity with our products and services, contributing to the addition of over 60,000 new users. Our eight business councils maintained high employee engagement, supporting our objective to enable networking and engagement across the Company. We hosted more than 250 employee events and initiatives to foster inclusion and belonging across the Company. During Mental Health Awareness Month, we provided a paid mental health day for all employees globally to invest in their well-being. More than 9,000 connections were made through the Meet a Motorolan networking initiative designed to connect employees across different teams and functions. Community Engagement In 2025, our philanthropic arm, the Motorola Solutions Foundation (the Foundation ), donated $13 million to more than 5,700 charitable organizations around the globe. Through the Foundation s strategic grants program, over $10 million was awarded to 170 organizations in 22 countries supporting first responder programs and technology/engineering education. Of that over $10 million, $1.9 million supported first responder mental health programs. About 1 in 2 employees either donated or volunteered, with employee-generated giving raising more than $1.5 million. During the course of the year, employees logged 125,000+ volunteer hours, an 18% year-over-year increase. Over 6,500 employees participated in our annual volunteer-a-thon, Global Months of Service, a 7% year-over-year increase. On Giving Tuesday, the Foundation provided nearly all employees with $25 USD (or the local currency equivalent) to donate to an eligible charitable organization of their choice. Our Business We maintained ISO/IEC 27001 certification for our information security management system, including ISO/IEC 27017 and 27018 extensions for cloud security and protection of personal data in the cloud within defined scopes. We also maintained ISO/IEC 27701 certification for our privacy information management system and ISO 22301 certification for our business continuity management system (BCMS) within defined scopes. We developed AI labels (a first for public safety and enterprise security products) to provide clear, concise information about how AI is used in our safety and security technologies. We released our Responsible Technology Blueprint, outlining our approach and principles for responsible design and technology stewardship. We are pursuing ISO 42001 certification (AI Management System) for independent, externally certified validation of our Responsible AI Technology Stewardship Program. Governance and Compliance Mark E. Lashier was appointed to our Board of Directors, and more recently, Peter A. Leav was appointed to our Board of Directors as well. As a defense contractor, we obtained a Level 2 certification from the Department of Defense s Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) program, which demonstrates our commitment to protecting federal information. We created and implemented a global whistleblower policy that aligns with applicable national and local laws, enhancing protection and confidentiality for reporters. 100% of our new vice presidents received a one-on-one briefing from our Vice President of Ethics Compliance. In February 2025, we met our initial European Union AI Act milestone on AI literacy and prohibited practices. 8 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents OUR BOARD PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF EIGHT DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT FOR A ONE-YEAR TERM Proposal Number 1 of this Proxy Statement enables you to vote on the members of your Board. * We open the Proxy Statement with this proposal because we believe there is no more important vote than that of electing the fiduciaries who oversee Motorola Solutions on your behalf. To inform that vote, we provide you information here on, among other topics: Who our Board is including their qualifications How our Board is selected and assessed How our Board governs the Company How our Board is organized How you can communicate with our Board How our Board is compensated OUR BOARD WHO WE ARE Our Board has nominated and recommends eight individuals for election to our Board at the Annual Meeting. These individuals are as follows: Gregory Q. Brown Nicole Anasenes Kenneth D. Denman Ayanna M. Howard Mark E. Lashier Peter A. Leav Elizabeth D. Mann Joseph M. Tucci Our Board believes that each nominee has the skills, experience and personal qualities our Board seeks in its directors, and that the combination of these nominees creates an effective and well-functioning Board, with a multitude of perspectives, viewpoints, backgrounds and professional experiences that best serves our Board, the Company and our shareholders. Each of the nominees named is currently a director of the Company. The ages shown are current as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Each of the director nominees (other than Messrs. Lashier and Leav) was elected at the annual meeting of shareholders held on May 15, 2025. As previously announced, on November 18, 2025, the Board increased the number of directors of the Company from seven to eight, and elected Mr. Lashier to serve as a director, effective immediately. Also as previously announced, on March 12, 2026, the Board increased the number of directors of the Company from eight to nine, and elected Mr. Leav to serve as a director, effective immediately after the conclusion of the March 12, 2026 Board and committee meetings. Mr. Mondre has not been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Mr. Mondre has been a valuable member of the Board during his tenure, and the Board thanks him for his years of service. The size of the Board will be reduced to eight members, effective as of, and contingent upon, the election of the eight director nominees at the Annual Meeting. Included in each nominee s biography is a description of select key qualifications, experience and characteristics that led our Board to conclude that each nominee is qualified to serve as a member of our Board. * The number of directors of the Company to be elected at the Annual Meeting is eight. If elected by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting, each director nominee will serve a one-year term ending at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Each director will hold office until such director s respective successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death or resignation. Each of the nominees has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director if elected. However, if any nominee is not available to serve as a director for any reason at the time of the Annual Meeting, the proxies will be voted for the election of such other person or persons as the Board may designate, unless the Board, in its discretion, reduces the number of directors. The Board has the authority under our amended and restated bylaws ( Bylaws ) to increase or decrease the size of the Board and to fill vacancies between Annual Meetings of Shareholders. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents GREGORY Q. BROWN Mr. Brown joined the Company in 2003, was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Motorola, Inc. in January 2008, and since May 2011 has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Motorola Solutions, Inc. Other Public Company Boards: None Board Committees: Executive (Chair) Director Qualifications: Public company CEO, relevant industry, technology, software and services business, cybersecurity and privacy, and human capital management experience as Chairman and CEO of the Company and former Chairman and CEO of Micromuse, Inc. Financial and accounting expertise, global business, capital allocation, government, public policy, and regulatory experience as Chairman and CEO of the Company, former chair and board member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, and former member of the President of the United States Management Advisory Board Government, public policy, and regulatory experience as a member of The Business Council, Council on Foreign Relations, Co-chair of Prium, and former member of the Business Roundtable and of the President s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee (NSTAC) Public company board experience Principal Occupation: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Motorola Solutions, Inc. Age: 65 Director since: 2007 Chairman since: 2011 NICOLE ANASENES Ms. Anasenes served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance of ANSYS, Inc., a developer and provider of engineering simulation software and services, from March 2021 and December 2020, respectively, until February 2024. Ms. Anasenes remained an employee of ANSYS, Inc. until June 2024. Ms. Anasenes also served on the board of ANSYS, Inc. from July 2018 until December 2020. She was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Squarespace, Inc., a company which sells subscription software to help customers establish and manage their online presence and stores, from 2016 to 2020, and also served as Chief Financial Officer of Infor, a cloud application software company, from 2013 to 2015. Before joining Infor, Ms. Anasenes spent 11 years with IBM in various leadership positions in corporate finance, M A and market development. Other Public Company Boards: Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. In the last five years, Ms. Anasenes served on the board of VMware, Inc. from April 2022 to November 2023. Board Committees: Audit (Chair), Executive Director Qualifications: Public company CFO as former CFO of ANSYS, Inc. and former CFO of Squarespace, Inc. Financial and accounting expertise and relevant industry, technology, cybersecurity and privacy, global business, software and services business, private equity, investment banking or capital allocation, and human capital management experience as former CFO of ANSYS, Inc., former CFO and COO of Squarespace, Inc. and former CFO of Infor Public company board experience Principal Occupation: Former Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance, ANSYS, Inc. Age: 52 Director since: 2024 Independent 10 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents KENNETH D. DENMAN Mr. Denman is a Managing Director at Sway Ventures, a venture capital firm that invests in early to mid-stage technology companies. He was the Chief Executive Officer and President of Emotient, Inc., a company that uses AI to analyze facial expressions to detect emotions, from 2012 to 2016, when it was acquired by Apple. He also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Openwave Systems Inc. from 2008 to 2011 and as a director from 2004 to 2011. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President and director of iPass, Inc. from 2001 to 2008 and as its Chairman from 2003 to 2008. Mr. Denman is also a member of the Board of Trustees of Seattle Children s Hospital. He is also the immediate past chair of the University of Washington Foundation s Board of Directors. Other Public Company Boards: Costco Wholesale Corporation. In the last five years, Mr. Denman served on the boards of LendingClub Corporation from July 2017 to February 2021, and VMware, Inc. from January 2021 to November 2023. Board Committees: Compensation and Leadership, Governance and Nominating (Chair), Executive Director Qualifications: Relevant industry, technology, and human capital management experience, and financial and accounting expertise as former CEO and President of Emotient, Inc. and iPass, Inc. and former CEO of Openwave Systems Inc. Software and services business, and cybersecurity and privacy experience as former CEO and President of Emotient, Inc. and iPass, Inc. and former CEO of Openwave Systems Inc. Public company CEO experience as former CEO and President of iPass, Inc. and former CEO of Openwave Systems Inc. Global business experience as former CEO and President of iPass, Inc., former CEO of Openwave Systems Inc. and former COO Wireless, of MediaOne International Private equity, investment banking, or capital allocation experience as a Managing Director of Sway Ventures Public company board experience Principal Occupation: Managing Director, Sway Ventures Age: 67 Director since: 2017 Lead Independent Director since: 2019 Independent AYANNA M. HOWARD Dr. Howard is the dean of the College of Engineering at The Ohio State University, as well as a tenured professor in the college s Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering with a joint appointment in Computer Science and Engineering, positions that she has held since 2021. Dr. Howard was also the founder and board president of Zyrobotics, Inc., a non-profit organization that provided AI-powered STEM tools for early childhood education, from January 2020 to January 2025. Dr. Howard held various positions at the Georgia Institute of Technology ( Georgia Tech ) from 2005 to 2021, including as the Chair of the School of Interactive Computing from 2018 to 2021, and as the Linda J. and Mark C. Smith Professor, School of Electrical Computer Engineering from 2015 to 2021. Prior to her time at Georgia Tech, Dr. Howard worked at NASA s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in various roles from 1993 to 2005. Other Public Company Boards: Autodesk, Inc. Board Committees: Audit Director Qualifications: Financial and accounting expertise and private equity, investment banking or capital allocation experience as the founder of Zyrobotics, Inc., and from her receipt of her M.B.A. from the Drucker Graduate School of Management Government, public policy and regulatory experience as the dean of the College of Engineering at The Ohio State University and former roles at NASA s Jet Propulsion Laboratory Relevant industry, technology, cybersecurity and privacy, software and services business, and human capital management experience as the founder of Zyrobotics, Inc., dean of the College of Engineering at The Ohio State University and former roles at NASA s Jet Propulsion Laboratory Public company board experience Principal Occupation: Dean of the College of Engineering, The Ohio State University Age: 54 Director since: 2022 Independent Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents MARK E. LASHIER Mr. Lashier has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66, a leading integrated downstream energy provider, since May 2024. Prior to his current role, Mr. Lashier served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Phillips 66 from July 2022 to May 2024, and President and Chief Operating Officer of Phillips 66 from April 2021 to July 2022. Prior to his roles at Phillips 66, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC ( CPChem ), a joint venture between Phillips 66 and Chevron, from August 2017 to April 2021. Other Public Company Boards: Phillips 66 Board Committees: Governance and Nominating Director Qualifications: Public company CEO as CEO of Phillips 66 Financial and accounting expertise, and technology, global business, private equity, investment banking or capital allocation, and human capital management experience as Chairman and CEO of Phillips 66, former President and COO of Phillips 66 and former President and CEO of CPChem Government, public policy and regulatory experience as a member of the executive committee of the American Petroleum Institute, board member of the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers, and member of the Business Roundtable, the Business Council and the National Petroleum Council Public company board experience Principal Occupation: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phillips 66 Age: 64 Director since: 2025 Independent PETER A. LEAV Mr. Leav has served as Senior Advisor at TPG Inc., a leading global alternative asset manager with a principled focus on innovation, since March 2023. Prior to his current role, Mr. Leav served as President and Chief Executive Officer, and as a director, of McAfee Corp., a computer security software company, from February 2020 to June 2022. From December 2016 to April 2019, Mr. Leav served as President and Chief Executive Officer, and as a director, of BMC Software Inc., an information technology services and enterprise software company. From December 2013 to September 2016, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer, and as a director, of Polycom Inc., a provider of video, voice, and content collaboration solutions. Mr. Leav currently serves as Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Everfox, and as a board member of New Relic, Inc. Other Public Company Boards: In the last five years Mr. Leav served on the boards of Box, Inc. from June 2019 to July 2022 and McAfee Corp. from February 2020 to June 2022. Board Committees: Compensation and Leadership Director Qualifications: Public company CEO as former CEO of McAfee Corp. and former CEO of Polycom Inc. Financial and accounting expertise, and technology, global business, cybersecurity and privacy, software and services business, private equity, investment banking or capital allocation, and human capital management experience as Senior Advisor at TPG Inc., former President and CEO of McAfee Corp., former President and CEO of BMC Software Inc., and former President and CEO of Polycom Inc. Government, public policy and regulatory experience as former President and CEO of McAfee Corp., former President and CEO of BMC Software Inc., former President and CEO of Polycom Inc. and Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Everfox Relevant industry experience as former President and CEO of Polycom Inc. and Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Everfox Public company board experience Principal Occupation: Senior Advisor, TPG Inc. Age: 55 Director since: 2026 Independent 12 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents ELIZABETH D. MANN Ms. Mann is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Verisk, a data analytics company. Ms. Mann joined Verisk in September 2022 from S P Global Inc., a financial information and analytic services company, where she served as Chief Financial Officer of the Mobility division from March 2022 to August 2022, as Chief Financial Officer of the Ratings division from November 2020 to August 2022 and as senior vice president of capital management from June 2019 to November 2020. Before joining S P Global Inc., Ms. Mann held several roles of increasing responsibility at Goldman Sachs, including managing director of the firmwide strategy group and the technology, media, and telecom investment banking group. Prior to Goldman Sachs, Ms. Mann was a Moore Instructor and National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Other Public Company Boards: None Board Committees: Audit Director Qualifications: Public company CFO as CFO of Verisk Financial and accounting expertise, software and services business, global business, private equity, investment banking or capital allocation, and human capital management experience as CFO of Verisk and former CFO of the Ratings and Mobility divisions of S P Global Inc. Technology experience as CFO of Verisk and former managing director of the technology, media, and telecom investment banking group at Goldman Sachs Principal Occupation: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Verisk Analytics, Inc. ( Verisk ) Age: 50 Director since: 2024 Independent JOSEPH M. TUCCI Mr. Tucci is the Chairman of Bridge Growth Partners. He is a founder, served as director from September 2016 to July 2022, and as the Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer from September 2016 to February 2019, of GTY Technology Holdings Inc., a software-as-a-service company that offers a cloud-based suite of solutions for the public sector in North America. Mr. Tucci was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EMC Corporation, a provider of enterprise storage systems, software, and networks. He was EMC s Chairman from January 2006 and Chief Executive Officer from January 2001 until September 2016, when Dell Technologies acquired the company. Other Public Company Boards: Paychex, Inc. In the last five years, Mr. Tucci also served on the board of GTY Technology Holdings, Inc. from September 2016 to July 2022. Board Committees: Compensation and Leadership (Chair), Governance and Nominating, Executive Director Qualifications: Public company CEO, technology, global business, software and services business, and human capital management experience, and financial and accounting expertise as former Chairman, CEO and President of EMC Corporation Relevant industry, and private equity experience as former Co-CEO and Co-Chairman of GTY Technology Holdings, Inc. and founding member and current Chairman of Bridge Growth Partners Government, public policy, and regulatory experience as a former member of the Business Roundtable and Chair of its Task Force on Education and the Workforce and as a former member of the Technology CEO Council Public company board experience Principal Occupation: Chairman of Bridge Growth Partners Age: 78 Director since: 2017 Independent RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF THE EIGHT NOMINEES NAMED HEREIN AS DIRECTORS. UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED ON YOUR PROXY, YOUR SHARES WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF SUCH EIGHT NOMINEES AS DIRECTORS. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents OUR BOARD S QUALIFICATIONS We believe our Board should be comprised of individuals with appropriate skills and experiences to meet its board governance responsibilities and contribute effectively to the Company. Our Governance and Nominating Committee carefully considers the skills and experiences of current directors and new candidates to ensure that they meet the needs of the Company before nominating directors for election to our Board. All of our non-employee directors serve on Board committees, further supporting our Board by providing expertise to those committees. The needs of the committees also are reviewed when considering nominees to our Board. Our Board has a deep working knowledge of matters common to large companies and is comprised of individuals with a mix of attributes, skills and qualifications which include, with respect to our eight director nominees: Independence: Seven of eight director nominees Relevant industry experience: Six of eight director nominees Public company CEO, division CEO or CFO: Seven of eight director nominees Financial and accounting expertise: All director nominees Technology experience: All director nominees Cybersecurity and privacy experience: Five of eight director nominees Software and services business experience: Seven of eight director nominees Global business experience: Seven of eight director nominees Government, public policy or regulatory experience: Five of eight director nominees Private equity, investment banking or capital allocation experience: All director nominees Public company board experience: Seven of eight director nominees Human capital management experience: All director nominees Specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of our nominees are listed in the biographies above. HOW OUR BOARD IS SELECTED AND ASSESSED Director Nominating Process The Governance and Nominating Committee recommends candidates to our Board it believes are qualified and suitable to become members of our Board. The Governance and Nominating Committee also considers the performance of incumbent directors in determining whether to recommend them for re-election. The Governance and Nominating Committee considers recommendations from many sources, including members of our Board (e.g., Messrs. Lashier and Leav), management and search firms. From time to time, Motorola Solutions hires search firms to help identify and facilitate the screening and interview process of director candidates. In 2025, we continued our retention of Russell Reynolds to assist with this process. Russell Reynolds compiles a list of candidates (which may include candidates recommended by the Board, the Company or other search firms), evaluates each candidate and makes recommendations to the Governance and Nominating Committee. They screen candidates based on our Board s criteria, perform reference checks, prepare a biography of each candidate for the Governance and Nominating Committee s review and help arrange interviews if necessary. The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Chairman of the Board will conduct interviews with candidates who meet our Board s criteria. The Governance and Nominating Committee has full discretion in considering potential candidates and making its nominations to our Board. The Governance and Nominating Committee will consider nominees recommended by Motorola Solutions shareholders as described below. A description of certain considerations our Governance and Nominating Committee reviews in evaluating director nominees is described in Skills and Experience on page 15 of this Proxy Statement. A shareholder wishing to propose a candidate for consideration should forward the candidate s name and information about the candidate s qualifications in writing to Secretary, Motorola Solutions, Inc., 500 West Monroe Street Chicago, IL 60661. Our Secretary will forward all recommendations received to the Chair of our Governance and Nominating Committee for discussion and consideration. A shareholder who wishes to directly nominate an individual as a director candidate, rather than recommending the individual to the Governance and Nominating Committee as a nominee, must comply with the advance notice requirements for shareholder nominations set forth in Article III, Section 13 of our Bylaws (including the requirement to provide reasonable evidence that such shareholder has complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act )) or the proxy access process set forth in Article III, Section 17 of our Bylaws. See the section titled Important Dates for the 2027 Annual Meeting on page 88 of this Proxy Statement for further information on these procedures. 14 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance and Nominating Committee Director Commitment Level Assessment Our Board recognizes that a robust evaluation and assessment process is an essential component of strong corporate governance practices and promoting Board effectiveness. The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees an annual assessment of our director nominees director commitment levels with respect to service on other public company boards. Our director commitment policy in our Board Governance Guidelines provides that the Chairman of the Board and the Lead Independent Director may serve on no more than four public boards (including our own, unless the Chairman of the Board is a named executive officer, in which case such limit shall be three public boards), and all other director nominees may serve on no more than five public boards (including our own), in each case with consideration given to public company leadership roles (the Director Commitment Policy ). With respect to the Governance and Nominating Committee s annual review of director commitment levels, the Governance and Nominating Committee affirms that all director nominees are compliant with the Director Commitment Policy as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Skills and Experience Our Board seeks members with varying professional backgrounds and other characteristics who combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise with a reputation for integrity. As stated in our Board Governance Guidelines, when selecting directors, our Board and the Governance and Nominating Committee review and consider many factors, including: experience in the context of the Board s needs; integrity; leadership qualities; ability to exercise sound judgment; existing time commitments; and independence. They also consider ethical standards. Our Board and the Governance and Nominating Committee recognize the importance of a Board representing a multitude of knowledge and experiences and strive to nominate directors with a variety of complementary skills, backgrounds and perspectives so that, as a group, the Board will possess the appropriate talent, skills, experience and expertise to oversee the Company s businesses. The Governance and Nominating Committee annually assesses the effectiveness of its director nomination process and the Board Governance Guidelines. Board Assessment and Director Peer Review and Process Our Board recognizes that a robust evaluation and assessment process is an essential component of strong corporate governance practices and promoting Board effectiveness. The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees an annual assessment process of our director nominees. Our Board Governance Guidelines provide that, at a minimum, the annual assessment of director nominees will address the overall effectiveness, achievement of mission, discharge of responsibilities, structure, meetings, processes, relationships with management and Board and committee development. Such assessment process also includes the following steps: 1 The Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the format of the Board assessment and director peer review process as necessary to help ensure that the solicited feedback remains relevant and appropriate. 2 Each director completes an annual self-assessment of the Board and the committees on which such director serves. These self-assessments are designed to help assess the skills, qualifications, and experience represented on the Board and its committees, and to determine whether the Board and its committees are functioning effectively. 3 The results of this annual self-assessment are discussed by the full Board and each committee, as applicable, and changes to the Board s and its committees practices are implemented as appropriate. 4 The Lead Independent Director also conducts a confidential director peer review process. As part of this process, the Lead Independent Director speaks with each other director individually to obtain insights regarding the contributions of other directors (and the Chairman of the Board may speak with each other director regarding the contributions of the Lead Independent Director), and to discuss issues in greater depth and obtain more targeted feedback with respect to Board, committee and individual director effectiveness. With respect to Mr. Brown, the Compensation and Leadership Committee also conducts an annual review of his performance as CEO, as described in our Board Governance Guidelines and the charter of the Compensation and Leadership Committee. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Board Refreshment Our Board believes that a degree of Board refreshment is important to ensure that Board composition is aligned with the changing needs of the Company and the Board, and that fresh viewpoints and perspectives are regularly considered. Our Board also believes that directors develop an understanding of the Company and an ability to work effectively as a group over time that provides significant value, and therefore a significant degree of continuity year-over-year should be expected. Our current director nominee tenure and board refreshment statistics as of the date of the Annual Meeting are as follows: DIRECTOR NOMINEE TENURE BOARD REFRESHMENT +5 Directors added -4 Directors retired over the last 4 years since Feb.2022 Our Board believes both that refreshment is an important consideration in assessing Board composition, and that the best interests of the Company and its shareholders are served by being able to take advantage of all available talent. Therefore, our Board does not have absolute limits on a director s age or the length of time that a director may serve, but considers the age and tenure of directors as two of several factors in re-nomination decisions. In February 2026, we amended our Board Governance Guidelines to remove the mandatory retirement age of 75 for non-executive directors. The Board implemented this change in recognition of the significant continued contributions that experienced directors, with meaningful knowledge of the Company, bring to effective Board oversight. In approving this change, the Board recognized that the prior retirement age of 75 for non-executive directors could result in the arbitrary and premature loss of active directors. The Board also acknowledged its robust director refreshment process, including through the evaluation and assessment process described above, and determined that the Company and its shareholders are best served by retaining the flexibility afforded by this change. 16 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD GOVERNS THE COMPANY We believe that the governance tone of a company is set at the top. Our Board has: Responsibility for overseeing management and providing strategic guidance A belief in the steady refreshment of our Board to bring new perspectives A belief in the importance of staying well informed A willingness to manage risks, seize opportunities and embrace leadership Board Governance Practices and Principles We adhere to a number of good board governance practices and principles: 7 of our 8 director nominees are independent, including all committee members A Lead Independent Director All members of our Audit Committee qualify as audit committee financial experts Regular executive session meetings of independent directors Annual director self-assessment process Robust oversight of risk Board Governance Guidelines Director Independence Guidelines Corporate Governance Practices and Principles We maintain a strong foundation of corporate governance practices and principles: Proxy access provision in our Bylaws Annual election of directors No super majority voting provisions in our organizational documents No poison pill Majority voting standard in uncontested director elections 20% threshold for shareholder right to call special meeting Shareholder right to act by written consent Succession planning (for additional information, see Human Capital Management and Succession Planning on page 18 of this Proxy Statement) Proactive shareholder engagement (for additional information, see Shareholder Engagement on page 20 of this Proxy Statement) Compensation Governance Practices and Principles We maintain a robust compensation governance framework: Pay-for-performance and at-risk compensation A significant portion of our targeted annual compensation is performance-based and/or subject to forfeiture ( at-risk ), with emphasis on variable pay to reward short- and long-term performance measured against pre-established objectives informed by the Company s strategy. For 2025, performance-based compensation comprised approximately 96% of the targeted annual compensation for our CEO and, on average, approximately 86% of the targeted annual compensation for our other NEOs. Compensation aligned with shareholder interests Performance measures for incentive compensation are linked to the overall performance of the Company and are designed to be aligned with the creation of long-term shareholder value. Emphasis on future pay opportunity vs. current pay Our long-term incentive awards are equity-based, use multi-year vesting provisions to encourage retention, and are designed to align our NEOs interests with long-term shareholder interests. For 2025, long-term equity compensation comprised approximately 86% of the targeted annual compensation for our CEO and, on average, approximately 70% of the targeted annual compensation for the other NEOs. Retention of independent compensation consultant Annual say on pay vote No tax gross-up provisions Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents A recoupment clawback policy for compensation paid to certain officers Robust stock ownership guidelines for directors and officers An Insider Trading Prohibitions Policy that prohibits, among other things, our directors and officers from engaging in any pledging, short sales, hedging or other derivative transactions involving our securities Double trigger severance benefits in the event of a change in control No repricing of options without shareholder approval No excessive perquisites Governance of Risks and Corporate Controls We maintain comprehensive governance of risks and corporate controls : Code of Business Conduct Supplier Code of Conduct and regular supplier audits Annual training programs for employees addressing information security, intellectual property protection and data protection and privacy Anti-Human Trafficking Compliance Plan Robust oversight of risk (for additional information, see Risk Oversight on page 18 of this Proxy Statement) We encourage you to visit www.motorolasolutions.com/investors/corporate-governance to obtain more information and view our governance documents, including our Code of Business Conduct and our Board Governance Guidelines, which are publicly available on such website. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website is not incorporated by reference into and is not a part of this Proxy Statement. Any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Business Conduct will be posted on our website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. There were no waivers in 2025. Human Capital Management and Succession Planning Our Board believes that human capital management and succession planning are critical to the Company s success. Our Board s involvement in leadership development and succession planning is ongoing throughout the year, and our Board provides input on important decisions in each of these areas. Our Board has primary responsibility for succession planning for the CEO and oversight of other senior management positions. The Compensation and Leadership Committee oversees the development of the process and will periodically report to our Board on succession planning, as described in our Board Governance Guidelines. In the event the Board is required to appoint a new CEO, the entire Board will work with the Compensation and Leadership Committee, or a special committee designated by our Board, to nominate and evaluate potential successors to the CEO. To prepare for such an eventuality, our Board has reviewed short and long-term succession plans for the CEO and other members of management who are part of our Executive Committee. When assessing possible CEO candidates, our Board identifies skills and behavioral characteristics it considers a requirement for the Company s CEO. Our Board evaluates these succession plans with the overall business strategy in mind. When possible, potential leaders are introduced to our Board through presentations or separate events. The Compensation and Leadership Committee is also regularly updated on key talent indicators for the overall workforce, including recruiting, attrition and development programs. Risk Oversight Our approach to enterprise risk management is designed to effectively identify, assess, prioritize, mitigate, and monitor the Company s principal risks. Management is responsible for the Company s day-to-day risk management activities. Our Board s role is to exercise informed risk oversight, which is done both directly and indirectly through its committees. Our Board oversees the business of the Company, including CEO and senior management performance and risk management, to assure that the long-term interests of the shareholders are being served. Each committee of the Board is also responsible for reviewing the risk exposure of the Company related to the committee s areas of responsibility and providing input to management on such risks. Management and our Board have a robust process embedded throughout the Company to identify, analyze, manage and report all significant risks facing the Company. Our CEO and other senior managers regularly report to our Board on significant risks facing the Company, including financial, macroeconomic, cybersecurity and data privacy, AI, operational, strategic, reputational, M A/integration and regulatory and compliance risks. Each of the Board committees reviews with management significant risks related to the committee s area of responsibility and reports to the Board on such risks. While each committee is responsible for reviewing significant risks in the committee s area of responsibility, the entire Board is regularly informed about such risks through committee reports and presentations. The oversight of specific risks by Board committees enables the entire Board to oversee risks facing the Company more effectively and develop strategic direction taking into account the effects and magnitude of such risks. The independent Board members also discuss the Company s significant risks when they meet in executive session without management. 18 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our audit services department has a very important role in the risk management program, providing management and the Audit Committee with an overarching and objective view of the risk management activities of the Company. Audit services identifies and conducts engagements utilizing inputs from our annual enterprise risk management assessment, which considers the probability, impact and velocity of potential risks. The engagements span financial, operational, strategic and compliance risks, with a view to assessing risks over a two-year time horizon. The engagement results assist management in maintaining acceptable risk levels. The Vice President of Audit Services reports directly to the Audit Committee as well as the Chief Financial Officer and meets regularly with the Audit Committee and its chairperson, including in executive sessions. In addition, we have a Vice President of Ethics Compliance who reports directly to the General Counsel and who meets regularly with the Audit Committee and its chairperson, including in executive session. Additional detail regarding the manners in which our Board and its committees undertake their risk oversight responsibilities include the following: Board Receives updates on our business operations, financial results, and long-range plan at its regularly-scheduled meetings Monitors overall culture and risk management environment Receives periodic (at least annual) updates from management regarding top-identified enterprise risks Receives annual report on political contributions made by the Company and MSIPAC, a voluntary employee-funded political action committee h h h Audit Committee Compensation and Leadership Committee Governance and Nominating Committee Reviews and considers our annual audit risk assessment, which identifies risks related to our internal control over financial reporting and informs our internal and external audit plan Monitors and oversees risks as part of our enterprise risk management program, including risks related to cybersecurity threats and AI, and reviews annual enterprise risk management report Monitors independence of our external auditor Reviews our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and our external auditor Reviews risks related to regulatory and compliance matters Reviews the use and consistent presentation of non-GAAP measures in our earnings releases and SEC filings Considers the impact of risk on our financial position and the adequacy of our risk-related internal controls Receives quarterly report on litigation and compliance trends and an annual update on regulatory developments Assesses, on an annual basis, whether our compensation plans, policies, and practices encourage excessive or inappropriate risk taking by employees Reviews risks related to talent acquisition, retention and development, as well as management succession Conducts an annual review of our corporate governance policies and practices Receives updates on emerging corporate governance issues and trends Oversees annual self-assessment process for the Board and each of its committees, which includes soliciting directors views on our strategy and enterprise risks Monitors and reviews our environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) strategy, initiatives and policies Reviews quarterly expenditures for Company and MSIPAC political contributions, lobbying, and industry association memberships Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Board Oversight of Risks Related to Cybersecurity Threats One area which our Board views as important to our ability to execute strategy and achieve long-term sustainable growth is oversight and effective management of risks related to cybersecurity threats. Our Board has delegated to the Audit Committee the responsibility to oversee risks related to cybersecurity threats as part of our enterprise risk management program. Specifically, subject to oversight by the full Board, the Vice President of Cybersecurity Information Technology Infrastructure provides the Audit Committee with periodic cybersecurity and information security reports, including recent cybersecurity incidents and the potential threat landscape pertaining to the cybersecurity of our products and operations. In addition, a subset or the full group of certain individuals, such as our Chief Information Officer, Vice President of Cybersecurity Information Technology Infrastructure, and Data Protection Officer, present at least once per year to the Audit Committee regarding cybersecurity and data privacy risk topics. For further information regarding our oversight of risks related to cybersecurity threats, please refer to Part I, Item 1C. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Board Oversight of Risks Related to AI Our Board has been highly engaged with management regarding notable developments as we increasingly leverage AI (including generative AI) in our offerings, as well as increasingly utilize AI within the Company to help improve our employees productivity and efficiency. In addition to oversight by the full Board, our Board has delegated to the Audit Committee the responsibility to oversee risks related to AI as part of our enterprise risk management program. The Board and the Audit Committee receive regular updates regarding AI from members of the Motorola Solutions Technology Advisory Committee (the MTAC ), including from a member of our management s Executive Committee and our Corporate Vice President, Products, Channel, Litigation Intellectual Property Law; and from our executive finance team. The MTAC was commissioned by our management s Executive Committee in an effort to ensure that our technological advancements remain aligned with our purpose and ethics, and are informed by the broader implications to our customers, the communities we serve and society at large. In addition, our AI in MSI Operations council, which is headed by various members of management, including a member of our Executive Committee, governs efforts within the Company to utilize AI in a responsible manner to help improve both employee productivity and efficiency and customer outcomes. Shareholder Engagement We recognize the value of listening to and considering the perspectives of our shareholders. Developing relationships with our shareholders is an integral part of that process and we routinely engage with, and collect feedback from, our shareholders on a variety of topics, through both our investor relations team and shareholder outreach. Our senior management team maintains regular contact with a broad base of investors, including through quarterly earnings calls and other channels of communication, to understand their concerns. In addition, we have a robust shareholder outreach program, which is a recurring effort led by a cross-functional team that includes members of our investor relations, legal, executive rewards, environmental, health and safety and ethics teams, with participation from our information technology team. In 2025, we held discussions with a diverse cross-section of our shareholders. Specifically, during the spring of 2025, we contacted our top 25 shareholders (owning approximately 50% of our outstanding stock) to collect feedback, and in the fall and winter of 2025, we offered to engage again with such top 25 shareholders (owning approximately 54% of our outstanding stock). These discussions covered various corporate responsibility, compensation, corporate governance, operational and financial performance matters. One recent example of an enhancement to our practices based on feedback from our shareholders includes updating our director skills matrix in this Proxy Statement. For additional information regarding our 2025 shareholder engagement efforts, see the section titled Say on Pay Vote Results and Shareholder Engagement on page 35 of this Proxy Statement. We are continuing our program of active shareholder engagement during fiscal year 2026, including participation at industry and investment community conferences, analyst meetings, and select one-on-one meetings with shareholders. In addition to direct engagement, we have instituted a number of complementary mechanisms that allow shareholders to effectively communicate with the Board and management, including the policy regarding direct correspondence with individual directors and the Board as a whole described in the section entitled How You Can Communicate with our Board on page 25 of this Proxy Statement, a commitment to thoughtfully consider shareholder proposals submitted to the Company, an annual advisory vote to approve executive compensation, and attendance at our annual shareholder meetings. Our investor relations website (at www.motorolasolutions.com/investors ) features substantive information and materials for the reference of our shareholders, including earnings and conference presentations, corporate governance documents, public filings and news releases. The information contained in or accessed through our corporate website, as described in this Shareholder Engagement section, is not incorporated by reference into and is not a part of this Proxy Statement. 20 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents Company Insider Trading Prohibitions Policy We have adopted an Insider Trading Prohibitions Policy (the Insider Trading Policy ) that governs the purchase, sale and other transfers of our securities by directors, officers and employees, as well as contractors and consultants who have access to material non-public information. In addition, the Company follows certain processes for the repurchase of its securities. We believe that both the Insider Trading Policy and the processes applicable to the Company are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the Company. Among other things, the Insider Trading Policy prohibits directors, officers and any other persons designated by our insider trading compliance officer from holding our securities in a margin account or engaging in hedging, short sales, pledging or any other derivative transaction relating to our securities. Our Insider Trading Policy is included as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which was filed with the SEC on February 12, 2026. OUR BOARD S LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE At the annual meeting of our Board held in May 2011, our Board combined the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and appointed Gregory Q. Brown to serve as both Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board and also appointed an independent director as Lead Independent Director. Our Board regularly reviews its leadership structure and effectiveness, and reappointed Mr. Brown as Chairman of the Board and an independent director as Lead Independent Director at the annual meetings of the Board held in 2012 through 2025. The Board determined that Mr. Brown s thorough knowledge of Motorola Solutions business, strategy, people, operations, competition and financial position coupled with his leadership and vision made him well positioned to chair Board meetings and bring key business and stakeholder issues to the Board s attention. Additionally, the feedback of our directors over the years confirms that this structure of a combined Chairman and CEO and Lead Independent Director has provided for a highly conducive atmosphere for directors to exercise their responsibilities and fiduciary duties, and to enjoy adequate opportunities to thoroughly deliberate matters before the Board and to make informed and independent decisions. The Lead Independent Director presides at all meetings of our Board at which the Chairman is not present, including the executive sessions of the Board; advises on Board meeting agendas, materials and schedules and assesses the quality, quantity and timeliness of the information provided to the Board by management to assist the Board in performing its oversight duties, including risk oversight; acts as a liaison between our independent directors and the Chairman and management by, among other things, regularly consulting with the independent directors who serve as committee chairs and making recommendations to the Company when requested by the Chairman of the Board; leads the CEO succession planning process; assists the Chairman in performing Board responsibilities as requested; if requested by major shareholders, ensures that he or she is available for consultation and direct communication as needed; and leads the confidential director peer review process and the annual assessment of our CEO, as described above on page 15 of this Proxy Statement under Board Assessment and Director Peer Review and Process. If elected at the Annual Meeting, Mr. Denman will continue to serve as our Lead Independent Director. Mr. Denman s extensive leadership skills as a former chairman of the board, as well as a former CEO at several companies, in addition to his experience in his past and current service as a director of public companies, ensure that he is able to exercise effective independent leadership over our Board. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD To assist it in carrying out its duties, our Board has delegated certain authority to several committees. Our Board currently has the following standing committees: (1) Audit, (2) Compensation and Leadership, (3) Governance and Nominating, and (4) Executive. The charters for each of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Leadership Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee are available on our website at www.motorolasolutions.com/investors/corporate-governance . Committee membership as of December 31, 2025 (except as otherwise noted), the number of meetings of each committee during 2025, and the key responsibilities of each committee and independence information are described below: AUDIT COMMITTEE* Key Responsibilities Assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities as they relate to the integrity of the Company s financial statements and accounting policies, internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, financial reporting practices and legal and regulatory compliance. 2025 Meetings: 9 Nicole Anasenes (Chair) Dr. Ayanna M. Howard Elizabeth D. Mann Engage the independent registered public accounting firm. Monitor the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of the Company s internal auditors. Maintain, through regularly scheduled meetings, a line of communication between the Board and the Company s financial management, internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm. Oversee compliance with the Company s policies for conducting business, including ethical business standards as specified in the Company s Code of Business Conduct. Review the Company s overall financial position, asset utilization and capital structure. Review the need for equity and/or debt financing and specific outside financing proposals. Monitor the performance and investments of employee retirement and related funds. Review the Company s dividend payment plans and practices. Prepare the report of the Audit Committee included in this Proxy Statement. Review significant risk exposure as it relates to the Audit Committee s areas of responsibilities, including as part of our enterprise risk management program, such as cybersecurity and data privacy, AI, financial and regulatory and compliance risk. Review the Company s quarterly and annual SEC filings and quarterly earnings releases. Independence, Financial Expertise, and Financial Literacy Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee during 2025 (including former directors Ms. Lewent and Mr. Jones while they served on such committee) qualifies as an independent director under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE, our Director Independence Guidelines and the additional Audit Committee independence requirements under the rules of the SEC. Our Board has also determined that each member of the Audit Committee during 2025 (including former directors Ms. Lewent and Mr. Jones) qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined by SEC rules. All members of the Audit Committee during 2025 (including former directors Ms. Lewent and Mr. Jones) are familiar with finance and accounting practices and principles and are financially literate. * Judy C. Lewent and Clayton M. Jones served as members of the Audit Committee until the expiration of their terms on the Board on May 15, 2025. Ms. Lewent also served as a member of the Executive Committee until such time. 22 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION AND LEADERSHIP COMMITTEE Key Responsibilities Assist the Board in overseeing the management of the Company s human resources, including: compensation and benefits programs; CEO performance and compensation; executive development and succession; and evaluation of the Company s senior management. Evaluate the overall performance and approve the compensation of officers subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and of officers who are members of the senior leadership team. 2025 Meetings: 6 Joseph M. Tucci (Chair) Kenneth D. Denman Peter A. Leav* Gregory K. Mondre** * Compensation and Leadership Committee member as of March 12, 2026 ** Mr. Mondre has not been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting Determine and approve CEO compensation with the concurrence of the independent directors of the Board. Review and discuss the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) with management and make a recommendation to the Board on the inclusion of the CD A in this Proxy Statement. Prepare the report of the Compensation and Leadership Committee included in this Proxy Statement. Review significant risk exposure as it relates to the Compensation and Leadership Committee s areas of responsibilities, including compensation risk. The Compensation and Leadership Committee may, in its reasonable discretion, delegate all or a portion of its duties and responsibilities to a subcommittee of the Compensation and Leadership Committee and, solely with respect to compensation of non-executive officer employees, to management, as appropriate. The Compensation and Leadership Committee is supported in its work by our independent compensation consultant, Compensation Advisory Partners LLC ( CAP ). CAP provides the Compensation and Leadership Committee with information regarding market compensation and practices, assists the Compensation and Leadership Committee in the review and evaluation of such compensation and practices, carries out competitive reviews as directed by the Compensation and Leadership Committee, and advises the Compensation and Leadership Committee on executive compensation decisions and the Governance and Nominating Committee on non-employee director compensation decisions. Independence Our Board has determined that each member of the Compensation and Leadership Committee qualifies as an independent director under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE (including the additional Compensation and Leadership Committee requirements) and our Director Independence Guidelines. Our Board has also determined that each member of the Compensation and Leadership Committee is a non-employee director for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE Key Responsibilities Identify individuals qualified to become Board members, consistent with the criteria approved by the Board. Recommend director nominees and individuals to fill vacant positions and to serve on committees. Assist the Board in interpreting the Company s Board Governance Guidelines, the Board s Principles of Conduct and any other similar governance documents adopted by the Board. Oversee the evaluation of the Board and its committees. Review the independence of directors and evaluate related party transactions. Oversee the governance of the Board and compensation of non-employee members of the Board. 2025 Meetings: 5 Kenneth D. Denman (Chair) Mark E. Lashier* Gregory K. Mondre** Joseph M. Tucci * Governance and Nominating Committee member as of November 18, 2025 ** Mr. Mondre has not been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting Review the Company s ESG strategy, initiatives and policies. Review significant risk exposure as it relates to the Governance and Nominating Committee s areas of responsibilities. Independence Our Board has determined that each member of the Governance and Nominating Committee qualifies as an independent director under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE and our Director Independence Guidelines. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Key Responsibilities Act for the Board between meetings on matters already approved in principle by the Board. Exercise the authority of the Board on specific matters assigned by the Board from time to time. 2025 Meetings: 0 Gregory Q. Brown (Chair) Kenneth D. Denman (Lead Independent Director) Nicole Anasenes Joseph M. Tucci Attendance at Board Meetings Our Board held seven meetings during 2025. During 2025, all but two incumbent directors attended 100% of the combined total meetings of the Board and the committees on which such director served for the period for which such director served. The remaining two incumbent directors attended 78% and 94% of such meetings. At the Board meetings, independent directors of the Company meet regularly in executive session led by Mr. Denman, the Lead Independent Director, and without management as required by the Board Governance Guidelines and NYSE listing standards. Generally, executive sessions are held in conjunction with regularly-scheduled meetings of the Board. In 2025, the non-employee independent members of the Board met in executive session six times. In addition, Board members are expected to attend the annual meeting of shareholders as provided in the Board Governance Guidelines. All but one of the directors who stood for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders attended that meeting. INDEPENDENCE On March 12, 2026, our Board made the determination, based on the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee and in accordance with our Director Independence Guidelines, that the current non-employee directors, Ms. Anasenes, Mr. Denman, Dr. Howard, Mr. Lashier, Mr. Leav, Ms. Mann, Mr. Mondre and Mr. Tucci, and former non-employee directors Mr. Jones and Ms. Lewent, were independent during the periods in 2025 and 2026 that they were members of the Board. Mr. Brown does not qualify as an independent director because he is an executive officer of the Company. See Motorola Solutions Relationship with Entities Associated with Independent Directors below for further details. Determining Independence The Director Independence Guidelines include both the NYSE independence standards and additional independence standards the Board has adopted to determine if a relationship that a Board member has with the Company is material. We have adopted a stricter application of the NYSE independence standards requiring a lookback period of four years when assessing independence in connection with a director s (i) status as an employee of the Company, (ii) direct compensation from the Company in excess of $120,000, (iii) relationship with our internal or external auditor, and (iv) employment with a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, the Company for property or services. A complete copy of the Director Independence Guidelines is available on the Company s website at www.motorolasolutions.com/investors/corporate-governance . Motorola Solutions Relationship With Entities Associated With Independent Directors When assessing independence, each of Ms. Anasenes, Mr. Denman, Dr. Howard, Mr. Lashier, Ms. Mann, and Mr. Mondre had relationships with entities that were reviewed by our Board under independence standards covering payments to, or received from, other entities. In each case, the payments or contributions were significantly less than the NYSE independence standards or the Director Independence Guidelines adopted by our Board, or did not constitute a disqualifying event under such standards. RELATED PERSON TRANSACTION POLICY AND PROCEDURES The Company has established a written policy for the review of certain related person transactions, including those that are required to be disclosed in this Proxy Statement (the RPT Policy ). For purposes of the RPT Policy, a related person transaction includes, subject to certain exceptions, a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which (i) the Company or any of its subsidiaries was, is or will be a participant, (ii) the amount involved exceeds or will exceed $120,000, and (iii) any Related Person (as defined below) has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. The RPT Policy supplements our other conflict of interest policies set forth in the Principles of Conduct for Members of the Motorola Solutions, Inc. Board of Directors, the Code of Business Conduct for employees and our other internal procedures. For purposes of the RPT Policy, a Related Person is defined to include directors, director nominees and executive officers of the Company since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, beneficial owners of 5% or more of any class of voting securities of the Company and members of their respective immediate families. The Governance and Nominating Committee reviews all RPT Policy matters. 24 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents The RPT Policy provides that, prior to engaging in any possible related person transaction, any such transaction is to be promptly reported to the Company s Secretary. The Secretary will assist with gathering important information about the possible related person transaction. If the Secretary determines that such transaction is a defined related person transaction, then the Governance and Nominating Committee will conduct a reasonable prior review of such related person transaction. There may be circumstances where ratification of a related person transaction by the Governance and Nominating Committee is warranted if such a prior review is unreasonable. The Governance and Nominating Committee will determine whether to approve, reject or, if necessary, ratify the related person transaction, and will prohibit such transaction if it determines it to be inconsistent with the interests of the Company and its shareholders. In making its determination, the Governance and Nominating Committee may consider: (i) whether the related person transaction is in the ordinary course of the Company s business; (ii) whether the related person transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; (iii) the aggregate amount of the related person transactions; (iv) the types of goods and services provided; (v) the relationship of the Related Person to the Company; (vi) the extent of the Related Person s interest in the related person transaction; (vii) whether the related person transaction involves a conflict of interest; and (viii) any other information regarding the related person transaction or Related Person that would be material to investors in light of the circumstances of the transaction. During 2025, Stella Moore, stepdaughter of Kathryn Moore, our Senior Vice President, Human Resources, was employed by the Company. Ms. Moore was Strategic Initiatives Business Operations Manager and her total compensation in 2025 was approximately $130,919, which includes salary, bonus amounts, and the grant date fair value of an off-cycle equity grant. Ms. Moore also participated in the Company s general welfare plans and received benefits comparable to those received by persons in similar positions within the Company. The Governance and Nominating Committee ratified this relationship in February 2026. Motorola Solutions had no other related person transactions requiring approval or ratification under the RPT Policy since January 1, 2025. HOW YOU CAN COMMUNICATE WITH OUR BOARD All interested parties, including our shareholders, who wish to communicate with the Board of Directors as a whole, any individual director (including the Chairman or the Lead Independent Director), or the non-management directors as a group, may send written correspondence addressed to the attention of Secretary, Motorola Solutions, Inc., 500 West Monroe Street Chicago, IL 60661 or by email to boardofdirectors@MotorolaSolutions.com . Our Secretary reviews all written communications and forwards to the Board a summary and/or copies of any such correspondence that, in the opinion of the Secretary, deals with the functions of the Board or Board committees or that the Secretary otherwise determines requires the Board s or any Board committee s attention. HOW WE DETERMINE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The Governance and Nominating Committee recommends to the Board the compensation for non-employee directors, which is to be consistent with market practices of other similarly situated companies and takes into consideration the impact on non-employee directors independence and objectivity. This recommendation is based, in part, on input received from CAP, our independent compensation consultant. CAP conducts compensation benchmarking regarding compensation of non-employee directors of the Company s peer group, which results the Governance and Nominating Committee considers. Our Board has asked the Compensation and Leadership Committee to assist the Governance and Nominating Committee in making such recommendations. The charter of the Governance and Nominating Committee does not permit it to delegate director compensation matters to management, and management has no role in recommending the amount or form of director compensation. HOW OUR DIRECTORS ARE COMPENSATED Non-employee director compensation on an annual basis for 2025 was as follows: Cash Compensation Annual Compensation (paid quarterly) Annual Cash Retainer $110,000 Lead Independent Director Fee $55,000 Audit Committee Chairperson Fee $25,000 Compensation and Leadership Committee Chairperson Fee $20,000 Governance and Nominating Committee Chairperson Fee $15,000 Audit Committee Member Fee $10,000 Equity Compensation Annual Compensation (paid annually) Annual Equity Grant $245,000 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents During 2025, a director could elect to receive all or a portion of his or her annual cash retainer and other cash fees in the form of (i) deferred stock units ( DSUs ) that settle when the director terminates service, (ii) DSUs that settle after one year (unless service is earlier terminated), or (iii) outright shares of Common Stock. Directors could also elect to receive the annual equity grant in the form of (i) DSUs that settle when the director terminates service, or (ii) DSUs that settle after one year (unless service is earlier terminated). These choices allow directors to engage in tax planning appropriate for their circumstances. On May 15, 2025, each non-employee director received his or her annual equity award in the form of a DSU award of 576 shares of Common Stock. The number of DSUs awarded was determined by dividing $245,000 by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant based on the closing price on the date of grant and rounding the result up to the next whole number. For a non-employee director who becomes a member of the Board after the annual grant of DSUs, the award will be prorated based on the number of full months to be served until the next annual meeting of shareholders ($20,416.67 per month) divided by the closing price of the Common Stock on the day of election to the Board. Non-employee directors are not eligible to participate in the Motorola Solutions Management Deferred Compensation Plan. Motorola Solutions does not have a non-equity incentive plan or pension plan for non-employee directors. Non-employee directors do not receive any additional fees for attendance at meetings of the Board or its committees, or for additional work done on behalf of the Board or a committee. The Company also reimburses its directors and, in certain circumstances, spouses who accompany directors, for travel, lodging and related expenses they incur in attending Board and committee meetings or other meetings as requested by Motorola Solutions. Mr. Brown, who was an employee during 2025, received no additional compensation for serving on the Board. The following table further summarizes compensation paid to the non-employee directors during 2025. Mr. Leav joined the Board after the end of 2025 and therefore is not included in the table. Name (a) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) (b) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3) (c) All Other Compensation ($) (4) (g) Total ($) (h) Nicole Anasenes 130,000 245,134 157 375,291 Kenneth D. Denman 180,000 245,134 157 425,291 Dr. Ayanna M. Howard 120,000 245,134 157 365,291 Clayton M. Jones (5) 60,000 65 60,065 Mark E. Lashier (6) 120,798 26 120,824 Judy C. Lewent (5) 67,500 19,015 86,515 Elizabeth D. Mann 120,000 245,134 157 365,291 Gregory K. Mondre (7) 355,924 157 356,081 Joseph M. Tucci 130,000 245,134 157 375,291 (1) During 2025, directors could elect to receive all or a portion of their annual cash retainer or other cash fees in the form of (i) DSUs that settle when the director terminates service, (ii) DSUs that settle after one year (unless service is earlier terminated), or (iii) outright shares (in each case, rounded up to the next whole share). The amounts in column (b) are the portion of the annual cash retainer and any other fees the non-employee director has elected to receive in cash. (2) The non-employee directors received an annual grant of DSUs on May 15, 2025. With respect to the annual grant of equity, Messrs. Denman, Lashier, Mondre and Tucci, and Ms. Anasenes elected to receive DSUs that settle at termination of service, and Dr. Howard and Ms. Mann elected to receive DSUs that settle at termination or after one year, whichever is earlier, and these amounts are included in column (c). All amounts in column (c) are the aggregate grant date fair value of DSUs computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ( ASC Topic 718 ), including dividend equivalents, as applicable. The number of DSUs received, including quarterly fees elected to be received in equity, and the fair value on each date of grant are as follows: 26 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents March 28 May 15 June 27 September 26 December 31 Directors Deferred Stock Units Annual Grant of Deferred Stock Units Deferred Stock Units Deferred Stock Units Deferred Stock Units Nicole Anasenes 576 Fair Value $245,134 Kenneth D. Denman 576 Fair Value $245,134 Dr. Ayanna M. Howard 576 Fair Value $245,134 Clayton M. Jones Fair Value Mark E. Lashier 275 48 Fair Value $102,399 $18,399 Judy C. Lewent Fair Value Elizabeth D. Mann 576 Fair Value $245,134 Gregory K. Mondre 64 576 66 61 72 Fair Value $27,711 $245,134 $27,632 $27,848 $27,599 Joseph M. Tucci 576 Fair Value $245,134 (3) The aggregate number of Motorola Solutions DSU awards outstanding at December 31, 2025 includes accrued dividend equivalents or shares, and is shown below: Directors Deferred Stock Units Nicole Anasenes 1,383 Kenneth D. Denman 7,131 Dr. Ayanna M. Howard 2,578 Clayton M. Jones* 16,037 Mark E. Lashier 323 Judy C. Lewent* 4,636 Elizabeth D. Mann 579 Gregory K. Mondre 23,623 Joseph M. Tucci 11,656 * The total for Mr. Jones and Ms. Lewent is as of May 15, 2025, prior to the expiration of their term on the Board at the conclusion of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. These DSUs were settled in shares of Common Stock upon the termination of their service on the Board. (4) The amounts in column (g) consist of (A) the dollar value of insurance premiums paid by the Company with respect to life insurance for the benefit of our non-employee directors, and (B) with respect to Ms. Lewent, perquisite costs to reflect a one-time personal use of Company aircraft. With respect to (A), non-employee directors are covered by insurance that provides accidental death and dismemberment coverage of $500,000 per person. The spouse of each such director is also covered by such insurance when traveling with the director on business trips for the Company. The Company pays the premiums for such insurance. The total premiums for coverage of all such non-employee directors and their spouses during the year ended December 31, 2025 were approximately $1,216 (in the aggregate). (5) Mr. Jones and Ms. Lewent were not nominated for re-election at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders and their terms on the Board expired at the conclusion of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders on May 15, 2025. (6) Mr. Lashier joined the Board on November 18, 2025 and received a prorated 2025 annual grant of DSUs as of November 18, 2025. (7) Mr. Mondre has not been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Our Board stock ownership guidelines provide that non-employee directors are expected to own Common Stock with a value equivalent to at least five times the annual cash retainer fee for directors within five years after the date of joining the Board. Directors who do not meet their stock ownership requirement within five years must hold 100% of shares acquired by them upon the vesting of their DSUs until compliance with the stock ownership requirement is achieved. Shares counted toward guideline achievement include directly owned shares, vested DSUs and unvested DSUs. As of December 31, 2025, all non-employee directors met their stock ownership requirement or are within their five-year achievement period. Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents OUR COMPANY WHO WE ARE Organization of our Business As a global leader in mission-critical safety and security technologies for public safety, government, including defense, and enterprise customers, we are driven by our commitment to help create safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. We manage our business through two segments: Products and Systems Integration and Software and Services. Within these segments, we are building and connecting an ecosystem of safety and security products and services to help protect people, property and places, which includes Mission Critical Networks, Video Security and Access Control and Command Center. Across all three technologies, we offer AI-powered capabilities and software solutions, services such as cybersecurity subscription services and managed and support services. Our strategy is to generate value through our technologies that help meet the changing needs of our customers around the world in protecting people, property and places. While each technology individually strives to make users safer and more productive, we believe we can enable better outcomes for our customers by uniting these technologies as a comprehensive integrated safety and security system. Our goal is to help dismantle silos and barriers between people and systems, so that data unifies, information flows, operations run and collaboration improves to help strengthen safety and security everywhere. We support public safety and defense agencies in their mission to protect communities and countries. We additionally serve our growing base of enterprise customers, including schools, hospitals, businesses and stadiums, as the criticality of safety and security becomes increasingly important. Across these diverse sectors, our technologies facilitate the connection between those in need and those who can help, enabling the collaboration that is critical for a more proactive approach to safety and security. Human Capital Management At Motorola Solutions, we have a people first philosophy and are committed to our goal to foster a workplace where our employees feel that their unique perspectives and abilities drive both personal growth and our Company s success. As our driving force, our approximately 23,000 employees are drawn from all segments of our global society to make a difference for our customers. We are intensely focused on investing in our employees growth, offering structured mentorship, rotational programs and a wide array of technical and professional development resources. We believe our senior leadership team, whose biographies are presented below, has the experience necessary to effectively execute our strategy and advance our technology leadership. Our Chief Executive Officer and senior management leaders have extensive industry experience and are supported by a talented management team. 28 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents OUR LEADERSHIP TEAM Our Chief Executive Officer s team, the management Executive Committee, is comprised of the following seven individuals as of April 2, 2026: JOHN JACK MOLLOY Mr. Molloy is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Motorola Solutions. He leads the Company s global go-to-market operations. He oversees the Company s global commercial strategy and day-to-day business operations, leading the teams responsible for sales, services, government affairs and marketing. Previous Experience Executive Vice President, Products and Sales. Mr. Molloy has held multiple leadership positions of increasing responsibility during his 31-year career with the Company, including leading various sales organizations, systems integration, managed and support services, and product development teams. Education Mr. Molloy earned a bachelor s degree in marketing from Northern Illinois University and a master s degree in business administration from Loyola University. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Joined Motorola Solutions: 1994 Age: 54 KATHRYN MOORE Ms. Moore is Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Motorola Solutions. She leads human resources for the Company, as well as the Motorola Solutions Foundation. Ms. Moore also serves on the board of directors for DuPage Pads Housing Solutions. Previous Experience Corporate Vice President, Human Resources; and Vice President, Human Resources. Ms. Moore has held various human resources roles throughout her 18-year career with the Company, and has deep knowledge of global rewards and talent, as well as a passion for employee engagement and retention. Education Ms. Moore earned a bachelor s degree in business management from Benedictine University. Senior Vice President, Human Resources Joined Motorola Solutions: 2008 Age: 53 RAJAN NAIK Dr. Naik is Senior Vice President, Strategy and Ventures for Motorola Solutions. He is responsible for the corporate strategy organization, mergers and acquisitions, venture capital portfolio and competitive and market intelligence. Dr. Naik serves on the boards of directors for CSG Systems International and Evolv Technologies Holdings, Inc. Previous Experience Prior to joining the Company 10 years ago, Dr. Naik was Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer at Advanced Micro Devices, and before that he was a Partner in the Technology/Media/Telecom practice at McKinsey Company. Education Dr. Naik earned a bachelor s degree in engineering from Cornell University and a doctorate in engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Senior Vice President, Strategy and Ventures Joined Motorola Solutions: 2016 Age: 54 Motorola Solutions Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents JAMES NIEWIARA Mr. Niewiara is Senior Vice President, General Counsel of Motorola Solutions. He leads legal, ethics and compliance for the Company. Previous Experience Senior Vice President, Commercial Law, Litigation, Antitrust Intellectual Property. Mr. Niewiara has held several law leadership roles throughout his 18-year career with the Company. Most recently, he was responsible for overseeing the Company s commercial legal teams as well as litigation and intellectual property. Prior to joining th