=== MSI_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K and those described elsewhere in this Form 10-K or in our other SEC filings. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements under the following headings: (1) Business, about: (a) industry growth and demand, including opportunities resulting from such growth, (b) demand for, growth related to, and benefits of, new products, (c) customer spending and behavior and requests for vendor financing, (d) the impact of our strategy and focus areas, (e) the impact from the loss of key customers, (f) our practice of subcontracting work to other companies to fulfill customer needs, (g) the impact of existing and future regulatory matters on our business, (h) the firmness of each segment's backlog and recognizing backlog as revenue, (i) the competitiveness of the patent portfolio, and (j) the availability and costs of materials and components and the impact of such availability and costs; (2) "Risk Factors," about potential impacts of the risks we face; (3) "Cybersecurity," about potential impacts of risks from cybersecurity threats; (4) Legal Proceedings, about the ultimate disposition of pending legal matters and timing; (5) "Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities," about the potential return of capital to our shareholders through dividend payments; (6) Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, about: (a) the impact of changes in the global trade environment (including tariffs), geopolitical events and volatility in the global supply chain on our business, and our actions in response thereto, (b) the impact of the "One Big Beautiful Bill Act" on our business and federal government customers, (c) the impact of acquisitions and other investments on our business, (d) market growth, demand, spending and resulting opportunities, (e) industry growth and demand, including opportunities resulting from such growth, (f) growth related to, and benefits of, new products, (g) the growth of sales opportunities in our Products and Systems Integration and Software and Services segments, (h) the return of capital to shareholders through dividends and/or repurchasing shares, (i) the impact and success of our business strategy and portfolio, (j) future payments, charges, and use of accruals associated with our reorganization of business programs and employee separation costs, (k) our ability and cost to repatriate funds, (l) the liquidity of our investments, (m) our ability and cost to access the capital markets, (n) our ability to borrow and the amount available under our credit facilities, (o) adequacy of internal resources to fund expected working capital, capital expenditure and cash requirements, (p) future cash flows generated from operations, and future uses of such cash, (q) expected payments pursuant to commitments under agreements and other obligations in the short-term and long-term, (r) the ability to meet minimum purchase obligations, (s) the impact of contractual damage claims exceeding the underlying contract value, (t) our ability to sell accounts receivable and the terms and amounts of such sales, (u) the outcome and effect of ongoing and future legal proceedings, and (v) requests for vendor financing; and (7) Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, about: (a) the impact of foreign currency risk, and (b) future hedging activity and expectations of the Company. 3 PART I Item 1: Business Overview | Solving for safer Motorola Solutions is a global leader in mission-critical safety and security technologies for public safety, government, including defense, and enterprise customers. Our business is focused on safety and security, driven by our commitment to help create safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Grounded in nearly 100 years of close customer and community collaboration, we design and advance technology for more than 100,000 customers in over 100 countries with the goal of making everywhere safer for all. Our ecosystem of safety and security technologies includes Mission Critical Networks ("MCN"), Video Security and Access Control ("Video") and Command Center. Our strategy is to generate value through our technologies that help meet the changing needs of our customers around the world in protecting people, property and places. While each technology individually strives to make users safer and more productive, we believe we can enable better outcomes for our customers by uniting these technologies as a comprehensive integrated safety and security system. Our goal is to help dismantle silos and barriers between people and systems, so that data unifies, information flows, operations run and collaboration improves to help strengthen safety and security everywhere. We support public safety and defense agencies in their mission to protect communities and countries. We additionally serve our growing base of enterprise customers, including schools, hospitals, businesses and stadiums, as the criticality of safety and security becomes increasingly important. Across these diverse sectors, our technologies facilitate the connection between those in need and those who can help, enabling the collaboration that is critical for a more proactive approach to safety and security. This collaboration is clearly illustrated in a school setting: When a teacher presses a panic button, our technologies can automatically notify local law enforcement, trigger a lockdown to secure all entries, share live video feeds with first responders and send mass notifications to key stakeholders. This integrated workflow helps schools to detect, respond to and resolve safety and security threats faster and more effectively. We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware as the successor to an Illinois corporation, Motorola, Inc., organized in 1928. We changed our name from Motorola, Inc. to Motorola Solutions, Inc. on January 4, 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 500 W. Monroe St., Chicago, Illinois 60661. Business Organization We manage our business through two segments: Products and Systems Integration and Software and Services. Within these segments, we report net sales across three principal product lines: MCN: Infrastructure, mobile ad-hoc network ("MANET") technology, devices (two-way radio and broadband, including both for public safety and professional and commercial radio ("PCR")), software and AI-powered capabilities. MCN includes installation and integration, backed by managed and support services, to help assure mission-critical communications availability, security and resiliency; Video: Cameras (fixed, body-worn, in-vehicle), access control, sensors, infrastructure, video management, video monitoring, software and AI-powered analytics that enable visibility of events and focus attention on what's important, to inform faster and more accurate decisions and actions; and Command Center: Command center solutions, software applications and AI-powered capabilities, that unify voice and data from public safety agencies, enterprises and the community, enabling a broad informational view of operations and incidents while helping to accelerate workflows and improve the accuracy, speed and trust of decisions. Following the acquisition of Silvus Technologies Holdings Inc. ( Silvus ) in August 2025, we renamed our "Land Mobile Radio Communications" technology to "Mission Critical Networks." We combined our legacy Land Mobile Radio portfolio with the newly acquired Silvus and now report net sales under MCN. This name change does not require any financial information to be reclassified from previous periods. We have invested across these three technologies organically and through acquisitions to evolve our land mobile radio ("LMR") focus and expand our ecosystem of safety and security products and services. Across all three technologies, we offer artificial intelligence ("AI")-powered capabilities and software solutions, services such as cybersecurity subscription services and managed and support services. 4 The principal products within each segment, by technology, are described below: Products and Systems Integration Segment In 2025, the segment s net sales were $7.3 billion, representing 62% of our consolidated net sales. MCN Our MCN technology includes infrastructure and devices for LMR, MANET, as well as devices for public safety Long Term Evolution ( LTE ) and public carrier LTE. Our technology enables voice and multimedia collaborations across two-way radio, Wi-Fi and public and private broadband networks. We are a global leader in the two-way radio category, including Project 25 (P25), Terrestrial Trunked Radio (TETRA) and Digital Mobile Radio (DMR), as well as other PCR solutions. We also deliver LTE solutions for public safety, government, including defense, and enterprise users with our portfolio of devices operating in both low-band and mid-band frequencies. Additionally, through our MANET and High Frequency (HF) and Very High Frequency (VHF) communications technologies, we support defense, government and disaster relief agency customers that require dynamic, mobile and tactical point-to-point voice and data communications in remote or contested environments without the need for fixed infrastructure. We believe that public safety, government agencies, including defense, and enterprises continue to trust mission-critical communications systems and devices because they are purpose-built and designed for reliability, availability, security and resiliency to help keep people connected even during the most challenging conditions. By extending our two-way radios with broadband data capabilities, we strive to provide our customers with greater functionality and multimedia access to the information and data they need in their workflows. Examples include application services such as GPS location to better protect lone workers, job dispatch to assign work orders and over-the-air programming to optimize device uptime. Our view is that complementary data applications such as these enable our customers to work more efficiently and safely, while maintaining their mission-critical voice communications to remain connected and working in collaboration with others. Primary sources of revenue for this technology come from selling devices and building communications systems, including the installation and integration of our infrastructure equipment within our customers operations. The MCN technology within the Products and Systems Integration segment represented 84% of the net sales of the total segment in 2025. Video Our Video technology includes video management infrastructure, AI-powered security cameras, including fixed and certain mobile video equipment, as well as on-premises and cloud-based access control solutions. We deploy video security and access control solutions to thousands of government, public safety and enterprise customers around the world, including schools, transportation systems, healthcare centers, public venues, commercial real estate, utilities, prisons, factories, casinos, airports, financial institutions, government facilities, state and local law enforcement agencies and retailers. Organizations utilize video security and access control to verify critical events or incidents in real time and to provide evidentiary data to investigate an event after it occurs. Our view is that government and public safety customers are increasingly turning to video security technologies to increase visibility, accountability and safety for communities and first responders alike. The Video technology within the Products and Systems Integration segment represented 16% of the net sales of the total segment in 2025. Software and Services Segment In 2025, the segment s net sales were $4.4 billion, representing 38% of our consolidated net sales. MCN MCN services include support and managed services, which offer a broad continuum of support for our customers. Support services include repair and replacement, technical support and preventative maintenance, and more advanced offerings such as system monitoring, software updates and cybersecurity services. Managed services range from partial to full operational support of customer-owned or Motorola Solutions-owned communications systems. Our customers systems often have multi-year or multi-decade lifespans that help drive demand for software upgrades, as well as additional services to monitor, manage, maintain and secure these complex networks and solutions. We strive to deliver services to our customers that help improve performance across their systems, devices and applications for greater safety and productivity. Given the mission-critical nature of our customers operational environments, we aim to design the mission-critical networks they rely on for reliability, availability, security and resiliency. We have a comprehensive approach to system upgrades that addresses hardware, software and implementation services. As new system releases and data security updates become available, we work with our customers to upgrade software, hardware, or both. This may include site controllers, comparators, routers, LAN switches, servers, dispatch consoles, logging equipment, network management terminals, network security devices such as firewalls and intrusion detection sensors, on-site or remotely. The MCN technology within the Software and Services segment represented 58% of the net sales of the total segment in 2025. 5 Video Video software includes video network management and access control software, decision management and digital evidence management software, certain mobile video equipment and advanced vehicle location data analysis software, including license plate recognition, site protection, mailroom and visitor management software. Our software is designed to complement video hardware systems, providing end-to-end video security to help keep people, property and places safe. Our video software integrates AI-powered analytics to deliver operational insights to our customers by bringing attention to important events within their video footage. Given the growing volume of video content, we believe that AI-powered analytics are critical to delivering meaningful, action-oriented insights. Our view is that these insights can help to proactively detect an important event in real time as well as reactively search video content to investigate an important event that occurred in the past. For example, AI-powered analytics can highlight a person at a facility out of hours (unusual activity), locate a missing child at a theme park (appearance search), automate video verification workflows for building access (site protection), flag a vehicle of interest at a school (license plate recognition), send an alert if doors to a restricted area are propped open at a hospital (access control), trigger a school's customized lockdown plan while simultaneously alerting first responders and sharing the school's video footage (decision management) or redact people and objects in video evidence for investigations (digital evidence management). Our cloud technologies can offer organizations the ability to access, search and manage their video security, intrusion, access control, and mailroom and visitor management systems from a centralized dashboard, accessible on remote devices such as smartphones and laptops via web browser or mobile app. Additionally, our on-premises fixed video systems can be connected to the cloud, enabling our customers to securely access and manage video across their sites from a remote or central monitoring location. We believe that governments, public safety agencies and enterprises are increasingly turning to scalable, cloud-based multi-factor authentication access control to make their facilities more secure. Our Video services include our "hardware-as-a-subscription" offerings for law enforcement, simplifying procurement by offering cameras in a predictable subscription. Our body cameras can be paired with either on-premises or cloud-based digital evidence management software and complementary command center products. Our cloud solutions are also sold as-a-service, available from single-year to multi-year hosted services, supporting our customers with upgrades and software enhancements to help ensure system performance and technological advancement. We also provide central monitoring services for customers who prefer a turnkey offering. The Video technology within the Software and Services segment represented 21% of the net sales of the total segment in 2025. Command Center Our Command Center portfolio offers cloud-native, on-premises and hybrid software solutions that support the entire public safety workflow, from the initial 911 call through case closure. Our portfolio includes software applications and AI-powered capabilities that unify voice and data from public safety agencies, enterprises and the community, enabling a broad informational view of operations and incidents while helping to accelerate workflows and improve the accuracy, speed and trust of decisions. Our software serves call takers, dispatchers, first responders, intelligence analysts, records and evidence specialists, detectives, crime analysts, and corrections officers. Command Center also includes interoperability solutions, ensuring communication across LMR and broadband networks, enabling critical connectivity solutions for both public safety and enterprise customers. We provide flexibility with both cloud-native applications for the command center and devices, as well as cloud features that augment existing on-premises applications, allowing customers to optimize technology investments and adopt a hybrid approach. The Command Center technology within the Software and Services segment represented 21% of the net sales of the total segment in 2025. Our Customers and Contracts We serve government agencies, including defense, state and local public safety agencies, as well as enterprise customers, including schools, hospitals, businesses and stadiums. Our customer base is fragmented and widespread when considering the many levels of government, public safety agency and private sector decision-makers that procure and use our products and services. Serving this global customer base spanning federal, state, county, province, territory, municipal and departmental independent bodies, along with our enterprise and industrial customers, requires a significant go-to-market investment. Our sales model includes both direct sales by our in-house sales force, which tends to focus on our largest accounts, and sales through our channel partner program. Our trained channel partners include independent dealers, distributors and software vendors around the world. The dealers and distributors each have their own sales organizations that complement and extend the reach of our sales force. The independent software vendors offer customized applications that meet the specific needs of the customers we serve. 6 Our largest customer is the U.S. government (through multiple contracts with its various branches and agencies, including the armed services), representing approximately 8% of our consolidated net sales in 2025. The loss of this customer could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and earnings over several quarters as many of our contracts with the U.S. government are long-term in nature. All contracts with the U.S. government, and certain other government agencies within the U.S., are subject to cancellation at the customer s convenience. For a discussion of risks related to these contracts and customer relationships, please refer to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. Payment terms with our customers vary worldwide. Generally, contractual payment terms range from 30 to 45 days from the invoice date within North America and typically do not exceed 90 days from the invoice date in regions outside North America. A portion of our contracts include implementation milestones, such as delivery, installation and system acceptance, which generally take six months to two years to complete. Invoicing the customer is typically dependent on completion of the milestones. We generally do not grant extended payment terms. As required for competitive reasons, we may provide long-term financing in connection with equipment purchases. Financing may cover all or a portion of the purchase price. Refer to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for a discussion of risks related to requests by customers to provide vendor financing. Generally, our contracts do not include a right of return, other than for standard warranty provisions. Due to customer purchasing patterns and the cyclical nature of the markets we serve, our sales historically have tended to be somewhat higher in the second half of the year, with the fourth quarter being the highest. Competition We operate in highly competitive markets that are sensitive to technological advances. Competitive factors in these markets include product quality and reliability, technological capabilities, cost-effectiveness and industry experience. In operating in these competitive markets, we have broadened how we work with our customers, expanding from our LMR focus to include an integrated suite of physical security solutions via our Video and Command Center capabilities, complemented by our MANET solutions. The interplay of technologies, guided by our deep knowledge of public safety, government, including defense, and enterprise workflows, delivers customers one connected system to unify their critical communications, video security, access control, data, and analytics streams. We experience widespread competition from a growing number of existing and new competitors. Our major competitors within our MCN, Video and Command Center technologies include the following companies: Technology Competitor MCN Airbus, BK Technologies, DTC, Doodle Labs, Hytera, iCOM, JVCKenwood Corporation, L3Harris Technologies, Persistent Systems, RCA, Samsung, Sepura, Tait, TrellisWare Technologies, Zebra Video Axis Communications, Axon Enterprise, Bosch, Brivo, Dahua Technology Company, Eagle Eye Networks, ECAM, Flock, Genetec, Hanwha Group, Hikvision, Honeywell, Johnson Controls, Milestone Systems, NetWatch, Pro-Vigil, Rhombus, Verkada Command Center AlertMedia, AT T, Axon Enterprise, Carbyne, CentralSquare Technologies, Comtech Telecommunications, Everbridge, Hexagon, Intrado, Mark43, Crisis24, Oracle Public Safety, RapidSOS, Tyler Technologies, Versaterm 7 Other Information Backlog Our backlog includes orders that have been received and are believed to be firm. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, our backlog was as follows: December 31 (In millions) 2025 2024 Products and Systems Integration $ 3,812 $ 4,135 Software and Services 11,930 10,562 $ 15,742 $ 14,697 Approximately $4.8 billion of backlog is expected to be recognized as revenue during 2026. The firmness of such orders is subject to future events that may cause the amount recognized to change. Recent Acquisitions Segment Technology Acquisition Description Purchase Price Date of Acquisition Software and Services Video Security and Access Control Blue Eye Provider of AI-powered enterprise remote video monitoring ("RVM") services. $79 million and share-based compensation of $1 million November 18, 2025 Products and Systems Integration Software and Services Mission Critical Networks Silvus Technologies Designer and developer of software-defined high-speed MANET technology. $4.4 billion and share-based compensation of $20 million August 6, 2025 Software and Services Command Center Theatro Creator of AI and voice-powered communication and digital workflow software for frontline workers. $174 million and share-based compensation of $5 million March 6, 2025 Software and Services Command Center RapidDeploy Provider of cloud-native 911 solutions. $240 million and share-based compensation of $6 million February 21, 2025 Software and Services Command Center 3tc Software Provider of control room software solutions. $23 million and share-based compensation of $4 million October 29, 2024 Software and Services Command Center Noggin Provider of cloud-based business continuity planning, operational resilience and critical event management software. $92 million and share-based compensation of $19 million July 1, 2024 Software and Services Video Security and Access Control Unnamed vehicle location and management solutions business Provider of vehicle location and management solutions. $132 million and share-based compensation of $3 million July 1, 2024 Products and Systems Integration Video Security and Access Control Silent Sentinel Provider of specialized, long-range cameras. $37 million February 13, 2024 Products and Systems Integration Video Security and Access Control IPVideo Creator of a multifunctional safety and security device. $170 million and share-based compensation of $5 million December 15, 2023 8 Research and Development We prioritize investments in research and development ("R D") to expand and improve our products through both new product introductions and continuous enhancements to our core products. Our R D programs are focused on the development of MCN, Video and Command Center. R D expenditures were $970 million in 2025, $917 million in 2024 and $858 million in 2023. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 40% of our employees engaged in R D and engineering globally, with principal facilities in the United States, Poland and Malaysia. In addition, we engage in R D activities with joint development and manufacturing partners and outsource certain activities to engineering firms to further supplement our internal spend. Intellectual Property Matters Patent protection is an important aspect of our operations. We have a portfolio of U.S. and foreign utility and design patents relating to our products, systems and technologies, including developments in radio frequency technology and circuits, wireless network technologies, drone technologies, over-the-air protocols, mission-critical communications, software and services, video security and access control, and next-generation enterprise and public safety. Each year, we also file new patent applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and foreign patent offices. We license some of our patents to third parties, but licensing is not a significant source of revenue for our business. We are also licensed to use certain patents owned by others. Royalty and licensing fees vary from year to year and are subject to the terms of the agreements and sales volumes of the products subject to the license. Motorola Solutions has a royalty-free license under all of the patents and patent applications assigned to Motorola Mobility at the time of the separation of the two businesses in 2011. We actively participate in the development of standards for interoperable systems. Our patents are used in standards in which our products and services are based. We offer standards-based licenses to those patents on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. We believe that our patent portfolio will continue to provide us with a competitive advantage in our core product areas and provide leverage in the development of future technologies. While we are not dependent on a single patent or even a few patents, we do have patents that protect features and functionality of our products and services. While these patents are important, our success also depends upon our extensive know-how, innovative culture, technological leadership and distribution channels. We do not rely solely on patents or other intellectual property rights to protect or establish our market position; however, we will enforce our intellectual property rights when necessary to protect our innovation, or in some cases where attempts to negotiate mutually agreeable licenses are not successful. We seek to obtain patents, copyright registrations and trademark registrations to protect our proprietary positions whenever possible and wherever practical. As of December 31, 2025, we owned approximately 6,630 granted patents in the U.S. and foreign countries and had approximately 690 U.S. and foreign patent applications pending. Foreign patents and patent applications are mostly counterparts of our U.S. patents. During 2025, we were granted approximately 295 patents in the U.S. and in foreign countries. We no longer own certain logos and other trademarks, trade names and service marks, including MOTOROLA, MOTO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M logo and all derivatives thereof ( Motorola Marks ) and, since 2010, we have licensed the Motorola Marks from Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC. which is currently owned by Motorola Mobility. For a description of the risks we face related to intellectual property, refer to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Inventory and Raw Materials Our practice is to carry inventory levels to meet customers' delivery requirements. We provide custom products that require the stocking of inventories and a large variety of piece parts and replacement parts in order to meet delivery and warranty requirements. To the extent supplier product life cycles are shorter than ours, stocking of lifetime-buy inventories may be required to meet long-term warranty and contractual requirements. In addition, replacement parts are stocked for delivery on customer demand within a short delivery cycle. We currently procure certain materials and components, inclusive of memory, from single-source vendors. A material disruption from a single-source vendor may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. If certain single-source suppliers were to become capacity-constrained or insolvent, it could result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or an increase in the price of supplies and adversely impact our financial results. In addition, we import products, materials and components that are subject to import duties, and various trade actions affecting these imported products could have a negative impact on our results of operations. In 2025, the U.S. initiated a series of trade actions that imposed new tariffs and increased existing tariffs on goods imported from various countries, contributing to higher import duties applicable to us in 2025. We engage with global contract manufacturers who manufacture the majority of our products across a diverse network of manufacturing locations worldwide, including facilities for our products in Mexico and Malaysia. We also manufacture, assemble, customize, stage and integrate products in the U.S. 9 Labor is generally available in reasonable proximity to our manufacturing facilities and the manufacturing facilities of our largest outsourced manufacturing suppliers. As needed, we may subcontract work to other companies to fulfill customer needs in geographical areas where we do not have coverage or for additional services we do not provide. Natural gas, electricity and, to a lesser extent, oil are the primary sources of energy for our manufacturing operations. In addition, rare earth minerals and other commodities are used in our manufacturing operations. Each of these resources is currently in adequate supply for our operations. Increases in the cost of commodities used in our manufacturing operations and any difficulty in obtaining any of the aforementioned resources could negatively affect our financial results. For a description of risks related to our supply chain, our utilization of third parties to manufacture our products, and our use of the services of subcontractors, refer to "Part 1. Item 1A. Risk Factors: of this Form 10-K. Government Regulations Environment, Worker Health and Safety Some of our operations, both ongoing and discontinued, are regulated under various federal, state, local and international laws governing the environment and worker health and safety, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the ground, air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites, as well as relating to the protection of the environment. Certain products of ours are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws governing chemical substances in products. Certain aspects of our operations and supply chain have become, and are expected to become, increasingly subject to federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and international treaties and industry standards relating to environmental and social impacts, risks and opportunities. For example, in the European Union (the "EU"), the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and EU taxonomy initiatives will introduce, in staggered timelines, additional due diligence and disclosure requirements addressing sustainability that will apply to us in the coming years. Radio Spectrum Regulations Radio spectrum is required to provide wireless voice, data and video communications services. The allocation of frequencies is regulated in the U.S. and other countries and limited spectrum is allocated to wireless services, including enterprise, public safety and government users. We manufacture and market products and provide services in spectrum bands already allocated by regulatory bodies. These include voice and data infrastructure, mobile radios and portable or hand-held devices. Consequently, our results could be negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted by regulatory agencies. Our products operate both on licensed and unlicensed spectrum. The availability of additional radio spectrum may provide new business opportunities. Conversely, the loss of available radio spectrum may result in the loss of business opportunities. Regulatory changes in current spectrum bands (e.g., the sharing of previously dedicated or other spectrum) may require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed. Based on growing demands for broadband, regulators continue to consider repurposing narrowband spectrum to broadband. Telecommunications Regulations Certain of our offerings include telecommunications or other communications services that are or may be subject to regulation in various federal, state, and international jurisdictions. For example, we are a provider of selective routing services for 911 calls in the U.S., which subjects us to various regulations, including those for 911 service reliability. As another example, we provide WAVE PTX push-to-talk offerings with and without telecommunications connectivity in various countries internationally. Additional types of regulations applicable to our offerings that include telecommunications or other communications services may include certification or licensing requirements, cybersecurity and incident reporting obligations, and regulatory fee requirements. If we do not comply with applicable rules and regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines and restrictions on our ability to operate or offer certain of our services. Artificial Intelligence and Biometrics Regulations The U.S. federal government and many state and local governments have adopted or are considering laws or regulations governing the use of AI and biometrics, including facial recognition, license plate recognition technology and AI-generated police reports, which in some instances cover certain products and services we offer. Similar laws and regulations are being enacted or considered in some jurisdictions outside the U.S., including the EU. Such regulation could impact a number of our products. Compliance with the laws currently in effect described above did not have a material effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position in 2023, 2024 and 2025. For a description of the risks we face related to these and other regulatory matters, refer to Part 1. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 10 Human Capital Management We have a "people first" philosophy. Our employees are our driving force, drawn from all segments of our global society to make a difference for our customers. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 23,000 people globally, with 51% in the North America region and 49% in the International region. Of our total global employees, approximately 40% were employed in R D and engineering. Our goal is to foster a workplace where our employees feel that their unique perspectives and abilities drive both personal growth and our Company s success. We believe the next big idea can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time. We are intensely focused on investing in our employees' growth, offering structured mentorship, rotational programs and a wide array of technical and professional development resources. These opportunities empower our teams to network, build critical skills and actively influence the future of public safety, defense and enterprise security. We strive for business growth by creating a supportive and inclusive environment where employees feel engaged, connected to our business and invested in the collective success of our customers and communities. Our human resources team works with business functional leaders to perform annual talent reviews, assessing every team member's performance and identifying development opportunities. This is complemented by specialized training that enables these leaders to use our corporate values to guide behaviors and lead teams effectively. This comprehensive process fosters growth across our Company by focusing on high-potential talent and rigorous succession planning development for our most critical roles. As part of our compensation philosophy, we strive to offer and maintain market-competitive wages, incentives and benefits to attract and retain talent, and we review our rewards programs each year in an effort to ensure they are competitive with local market practices in the industries and countries where we operate. Our total rewards package for our global employees includes broad-based stock grants and bonuses, an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare, wellness and retirement benefits, paid parental and family leave, commuter benefits, paid time off (including flexible time off for U.S. exempt employees), flexible work options and other assistance and support for employees going through life-changing events. We are committed to fostering a culture where all our employees can thrive, our customers and communities are supported and our partners recognize and share in our values. We invest in a broad spectrum of programs each year to support employees globally, including our business councils that are open to all employees to enable networking and engagement across the Company. We continued to see high levels of employee participation in 2025. The safety of our employees remains a priority, and we continuously strive to provide a safe and injury-free workplace, using our global environmental, health and safety management system to facilitate program and reporting consistency at our sites. Our general approach includes assessing risks and identifying controls through the use of our comprehensive job hazard and risk assessment tool. Material Dispositions None. 11 Available Information We make available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website, www.motorolasolutions.com/investors , our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, other reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), and all other reports and amendments filed with, or furnished to, the SEC simultaneously or as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our reports are also available free of charge on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov . Also available free of charge on our website, as provided above, are the following corporate governance documents: Motorola Solutions, Inc. Restated Certificate of Incorporation Motorola Solutions, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws Board Governance Guidelines Director Independence Guidelines Principles of Conduct for Members of the Motorola Solutions, Inc. Board of Directors Motorola Solutions Code of Business Conduct, which is applicable to all Motorola Solutions employees, including the principal executive officers, the principal financial officer and the controller (principal accounting officer) Audit Committee Charter Compensation and Leadership Committee Charter Governance and Nominating Committee Charter All of our reports and corporate governance documents may also be obtained electronically and without charge by contacting Investor Relations at investors@motorolasolutions.com . Our website and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not incorporated by reference into and are not a part of this Form 10-K. 12 Item 1A: Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to our other filings with the SEC and the other information set forth in this Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations section in Part II. Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements in Part II. Item 8. If any of the risks and uncertainties described in the cautionary factors described below actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. These risks may be amplified by the effects of macroeconomic events or developments. Moreover, the risks below are not the only risks we face and additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may emerge or become material at any time and may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or the trading price of our common stock. Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business As we introduce new products and services and enhance existing products and services, we may face increased areas of risk related to the success of such products and services that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate, as well as increased competition and additional compliance obligations, each of which could harm our reputation, market share, results of operations and financial condition or result in additional obligations or liabilities for our business. The markets for certain products and services of ours are characterized by evolving technologies, industry standards and customer preferences. For example, the software and video security industries have been characterized by rapidly changing customer preferences in favor of cloud solutions and the adoption of AI capabilities. In some cases, it is unclear what specific technology will be adopted in the market or what delivery model will prevail. As another example, there have been and are currently initiatives by governments in several countries to transition public safety communications away from LMR networks onto public mobile broadband networks. While such initiatives have gained limited traction to date, if customers conclude that public mobile broadband networks, potentially augmented with emerging technologies, provide adequate resiliency, coverage, control, and cost for their critical communication needs, it could adversely affect our MCN sales. Our MCN sales could also be adversely affected by evolving technologies created to defeat encryption or our products ability to communicate in a contested environment, which could result in our MCN radios becoming less secure or effective. The process of developing new products and services and enhancing existing products and services to meet such evolving technologies, industry standards and customer preferences is complex, costly and uncertain. Any delay by us to effectively, and in a timely manner, introduce new products and services or enhance current products and services, including by accurately predicting technological and business trends, controlling research and development costs or executing our strategy, could significantly harm our reputation, market share, results of operations or financial condition. Many of our products and services are complex and we may experience delays in completing development or introducing new products or services in the future. In addition, new technologies and new competitors continue to enter our markets at a faster pace than in the past, and customer trends also continue to evolve at a rapid pace, resulting in increased competition. We may continue to face increasing competition from both incumbents and emerging competitors as customer contracts become larger, more complicated, and include an expanded range of services or complex product requirements. For example, with our acquisition of Silvus in August 2025 and expanded defense opportunities, we now face increased competition for certain products and services from startups and defense contractors that may have certain competitive advantages. Another area in which we face significant competition is AI. Other companies may develop AI systems that are similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective to develop and deploy, and customer demand for AI-based technologies and analytics may continue to increase at a fast rate. The research and development cost we may incur to compete with such AI systems and meet increased customer demand for AI-based technologies and analytics may increase the cost of our products and services. If we are unable to mitigate these risks, our results of operations, financial condition or reputation may be adversely affected. Expansion of our products and services may also result in the applicability of new legal and regulatory requirements and compliance obligations, which may increase the costs of doing business or delay or limit the range of new products and services we may be able to offer. Failure to comply with such requirements could result in liabilities, including potential enforcement actions, fines, penalties, product bans or reputational harm. We use AI in our products and services, and challenges related to the use of AI could subject us to legal liability or additional regulatory oversight, or adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or business reputation. We expect to increasingly leverage AI, including generative AI, in our products and services. AI may not always operate as intended and if we use AI that is based on data, algorithms, or other inputs that are flawed or insufficient, or if the AI assists in producing content, analyses or recommendations that are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, violative of third-party intellectual property, or biased, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, AI presents emerging ethical issues, and if our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience reputational harm, legal liability or additional regulatory oversight. Although we work to responsibly meet our customers needs for products and services that use AI, including through AI governance programs and internal technology oversight committees, we may still suffer reputational damage as a result of any inconsistencies in the application of the technology or ethical concerns, both of which may generate negative publicity. 13 Catastrophic events may interrupt our business, or our customers or suppliers business, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows or stock price. Our business operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to interruption by natural disasters and extreme weather, flooding, fires, power shortages, the widespread outbreak of infectious diseases and pandemics, terrorist acts or the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, and other events beyond our control. The occurrence of any such catastrophic event, and the measures taken in response thereto, could have varied impacts and adversely impact our operations, including through impacts to our workforce and supply chain, inflationary pressures and increased costs (including increased insurance costs), impacts to sources or supply of energy, schedule or production delays, loss of spoilage of inventory, market volatility, physical damage to our facilities or those of our suppliers or customers, and other financial impacts. The impacts of these catastrophic events could have a negative impact on our ability to manage our business and/or cause disruption of economic activity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows or stock price. We expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses and these acquisitions introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. In order to position ourselves to take advantage of growth opportunities or to meet other strategic needs such as product or technology gaps, we have made, and expect to continue to make, strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include: (i) the inability to realize our business plan with respect to the acquired businesses, (ii) the difficulty or inability in integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, including ensuring proper integration of acquired businesses legal and regulatory compliance programs, information technology systems and financial reporting and internal control systems, (iii) the challenges in integrating acquired businesses to create the operating platform for physical security, (iv) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits from acquisitions, (v) the risk that our contractual relationships or the markets served do not evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets, (vi) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (vii) the risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our operations, (viii) the risks of entering new markets in which we have limited experience, (ix) future impairments of goodwill, (x) the potential loss of intellectual property due to actions of employees in connection with such acquisitions, (xi) the risks of exposure to new patent assertions by third-parties directed at the technologies of the newly acquired businesses, (xii) potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risk, (xiii) the inability to retain customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired businesses, (xiv) potential negative reactions from stakeholders, and (xv) exposure to litigation, regulatory or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or other litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition. Certain acquisition candidates in the industries in which we participate may carry higher relative valuations (based on revenues, earnings, cash flow, or other relevant multiples) than we do. Acquiring a business that has a higher relative valuation than Motorola Solutions may be dilutive to our earnings. In addition, we may choose not to pursue opportunities because they may be highly dilutive to near-term earnings. Key employees of acquired businesses may receive substantial value in connection with a transaction in the form of cash payments for their ownership interest, particularly in the case of founders and other shareholder employees, or as a result of change-in-control agreements, acceleration of stock options and the lifting of restrictions on other equity-based compensation rights. To retain such employees and integrate the acquired business, we may offer additional retention incentives, but it may still be difficult to retain certain key employees. 14 Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business If the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations or regulatory or industry standards, or our products and services suffer from an actual or perceived systems or service failure, then our results of operations, financial condition, or reputation could be negatively impacted. Some of the products we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in the product. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from suppliers, or from finished products we purchase from other manufacturers, which we then resell to customers. Often these issues are identified prior to the shipment of the products and may cause delays in shipping products to customers, or even the cancellation of orders by customers. Sometimes, we discover quality issues in the products after they have been shipped to our customers, requiring us to resolve such issues in a timely manner that is the least disruptive to our customers, particularly in light of the mission-critical nature of our products. Any failure or perceived failure of certain mission-critical products and services we develop for use in areas such as defense, public safety and unmanned systems, could result in litigation by persons alleging harm, such as injuries or loss of life, or economic damage, including property damage. Other impacts of any such pre-shipment and post-shipment quality issues or failures or perceived failures of our mission-critical products and services can include legal, financial and reputational ramifications, such as: (i) delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of revenue or future orders, or revenue reversals, (ii) customer-imposed penalties for failure to meet contractual requirements, (iii) increased costs associated with repairing or replacing products, and (iv) a negative impact on our goodwill and brand name reputation. In some cases, if the quality issue affects the product's performance, safety or regulatory compliance, then such a defective product may need to be stop-built , stop-shipped or recalled. Depending on the nature of the quality issue and the number of products in the field, it could cause us to incur substantial recall or corrective field action costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of future orders and the damage to our goodwill or brand reputation. In addition, we may be required, under certain customer contracts, to pay damages for failed performance that might exceed the revenue that we receive from the contracts. Recalls and field actions involving regulatory non-compliance could also result in fines and additional costs. Recalls and field actions could result in third-party litigation by persons or companies alleging harm or economic damage as a result of the use of the products or services. In addition, privacy advocacy groups and other technology and industry groups have established or may establish various new or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional obligations on us. Our customers may expect us to meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by third-parties. Alternatively, our customers may expect us to offer products and services to help reduce energy consumption, improve efficiency and minimize greenhouse gas footprints. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our business. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services, at acceptable prices to meet the demands of our customers and any disruption to our suppliers or significant increase in the price of supplies has had, and could continue to have a negative impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services, from our suppliers. If demand for our products or services increases from our current expectations or if, as we have experienced in the past, suppliers are unable to meet our demand for other reasons, including as a result of supply chain constraints; natural disasters; trade policy decisions, such as new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs, sanctions, quotas, import/export restrictions or trade barriers (including restrictions around rare earth minerals); financial issues or other factors, we have, and could continue to experience an interruption in supply or a significant increase in the price of supply. Recently, we have experienced increased costs on materials and components as a result of the dynamic global supply chain environment. Mitigation actions that we develop going forward, such as working with our global supply base to mitigate our exposure to such risks, may not be successful in counteracting any such increased costs. We expect that any future supply chain effects could also impact our ability to meet customer demand and negatively impact our results of operations. Our suppliers have in the past, and may continue in the future, to significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs related to the manufacture, distribution and/or repair of parts and components. As a result, we may not be able to increase our prices commensurately with our increased costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, certain supplies, including for some of our critical components, software and services solutions, are available only from a single source or limited sources and we may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. Where certain supplies are not available from our direct suppliers, we may be required to move to an alternative source or source certain items through the open market, which involves significantly increased prices that are difficult to forecast or predict. Each of these factors may impact our ability to meet customer demand and could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. 15 We are exposed to risks under large, multi-year system and services contracts that may negatively impact our business. We enter into large, multi-year system and services contracts with municipal, state, and nationwide government and commercial customers. In some cases, we may not be the prime contractor and may be dependent on other third-parties such as commercial carriers or systems integrators. Our entry into these contracts exposes us to risks, including among others: (i) technological risks, (ii) risk of defaults by third-parties on whom we are relying for products or services as part of our offering or who are the prime contractors, (iii) financial risks, including potential penalties applicable to us if performance commitments in managed services contracts are not met, the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with such contracts, the fact that such contracts often only receive partial funding initially and may be cancellable on short notice with limited penalties, our inability to recover front-loaded capital expenditures in long-term managed services contracts, the impact of the termination of funding for a government program or the insolvency of a commercial customer, and the impact of currency fluctuations and inflation, (iv) cybersecurity risks, especially in managed services contracts with public safety and enterprise customers that process data, and (v) political, regulatory or litigation risks, especially related to contracts with government customers (such as with our Airwave contract in the U.K.). Our employees, customers, suppliers and outsource partners are located throughout the world and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are not global may not face. Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world. In 2025, 28% of our revenue was generated outside of North America. In addition, 49% of our employees were employed outside of North America in 2025. Most of our suppliers' operations are outside the U.S. A significant amount of manufacturing and research and development of our products, as well as administrative and sales facilities, takes place outside of the U.S. If the operations in these facilities are disrupted, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Because of these sizable sales and operations outside of the U.S., we have more complexity in our operations and are exposed to a unique set of global risks that could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, including but not limited to: (i) currency fluctuations, including but not limited to increased pressure to agree to established currency conversion rates and cost of living adjustments as a result of foreign currency fluctuations, (ii) import/export regulations, tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes, customs classifications and certifications, including but not limited to changes in classifications or errors or omissions related to such classifications and certifications, (iii) compliance with and changes in U.S. and non-U.S. laws or regulations related to antitrust and competition (such as the EU Foreign Subsidies Regulation), anti-corruption (such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act), trade and country of origin, labor and employment, environmental, health and safety, technical standards and product regulatory considerations, consumer protection, intellectual property, data privacy and data sovereignty, regulated services such as telecommunications, cybersecurity and AI, and drones and counter-unmanned aircraft systems (UAS), (iv) tax issues, such as tax law changes, variations in tax laws from country to country and as compared to the U.S., obligations under tax incentive agreements, and difficulties in securing local country approvals for cash repatriations, (v) reduced financial flexibility given that a significant percentage of our cash and cash equivalents is currently held outside of the U.S., (vi) challenges in collecting accounts receivable, (vii) cultural and language differences, (viii) instability in economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession, government shutdowns, the imposition of sanctions and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts and terrorism, (ix) natural disasters, (x) public health issues or outbreaks or pandemics and (xi) litigation in foreign court systems and foreign enforcement or administrative proceedings. Further, the benefits we receive under various agreements we have entered into with non-U.S. governments and agencies are tied to the level of operations and/or sales in such foreign jurisdictions. If our operations or sales are not at levels originally anticipated, we may be at risk of having to reimburse benefits already granted, which could increase our cost of doing business in such foreign jurisdictions. Over the last several years, we have utilized third-parties to develop, design and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our products, and to perform portions of certain business operations such as IT, network connectivity, HR information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. We expect to continue these practices in the future, which limit our control over these business operations and expose us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. We rely on third-parties to develop, design and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our products (including software), and to assist in performing certain IT, network connectivity, HR information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. As we outsource more of such operations, we are not able to directly control these activities. We could have difficulties fulfilling our orders, our sales and profits could decline, or we could be liable for outsourced actions, exposing us to contractual and regulatory risks, if: (i) we are not able to engage such third-parties with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, (ii) such third-parties lack our desired level of performance or service, lack sufficient quality control or fail to deliver quality components, products, services or software on time and at reasonable prices, (iii) there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third-parties, (iv) our third-party providers fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements (such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Protection Act) or fail to timely notify us of information needed for our own compliance, (v) we have difficulties transitioning operations to such third-parties, or (vi) such third-parties are disrupted by external events, such as cyberattacks, natural disasters or extreme weather conditions, public health issues, outbreaks or pandemics, acts of terrorism or political conflicts. 16 Our reliance on third-parties could, in certain instances, result in reputational damage or even disqualify us from sales opportunities with certain government customers. For example, our supply chain is complex and if our suppliers are unable to verify that components and parts provided to us are free of defined conflict minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) or an adjoining country, then we may be required to publicly disclose, as we have disclosed in the past, that we are not currently able to determine if the products we manufactured are DRC conflict-free, which could harm our reputation. Once a business activity is outsourced, we may be contractually prohibited from or may not practically be able to bring such activity back within the Company or move it to another outsource partner. The actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. We utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner or to adhere to our Human Rights Policy could negatively impact our business. We engage subcontractors, including third-party integrators, on many of our contracts and as we expand our technologies, our use of subcontractors has and we anticipate will continue to increase. Our subcontractors may further subcontract performance and may supply third-party products and software from a number of smaller companies. In addition, it is our policy to require our subcontractors and other third-parties with whom we work to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including our Human Rights Policy (and, in addition, for our suppliers to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct). We may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor or its subcontractors and the functionality, warranty and indemnities of products, software and services supplied by our subcontractor. We are not always successful in passing down customer requirements to our subcontractors or a customer may otherwise look to us to cover a loss or damage, and thus in some cases may be required to absorb contractual risks from our customers without corresponding back-to-back coverage from our subcontractor. Our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, or secure preferred warranty and indemnity coverage from their suppliers, which might result in greater product returns, service problems, warranty claims and costs and regulatory compliance issues. Further, one of our subcontractors or other third-parties subject to our Human Rights Policy could fail to comply with such policies or with applicable law or may engage in unethical business practices. Any of the foregoing could cause orders to be canceled, relationships to be terminated or our reputation to be damaged, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract and retain senior management and key employees, including engineers and other key technical employees, in order to remain competitive. The performance of our CEO, senior management and other key employees such as engineers and other technical employees is critical to our success. If we are unable to retain talented, highly-qualified senior management, engineers and other key employees or attract them when needed, it could negatively impact our business. We rely on the experience of our senior management, most of whom have been with us for many years and as a result have specific knowledge relating to us and our industry that is difficult to replace, and competition for management with experience in the communications industry is intense. A loss of the CEO, a member of senior management, or an engineer or other key employee, particularly to a competitor, could also place us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, we face increased demands for technical personnel in areas such as software development, which is an area of particularly high demand for skilled employees. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our continued ability to hire, assimilate, retain and leverage the skills of qualified engineers and other highly-skilled personnel needed to develop successful new products or services. In particular, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, intense competition globally for experienced software and cloud computing infrastructure engineers, as well as employees in data science and AI. The compensation and incentives we have available to attract, retain and motivate employees may not meet the expectations of current and prospective employees. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate, and retain highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications may be compounded by the increased availability of remote working arrangements, which has expanded the pool of companies that can compete for our employees and employment candidates. Further, if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our CEO, senior management and other key employees, our business could be negatively impacted. 17 Evolving and sometimes conflicting expectations from investors, customers, lawmakers, regulators and other stakeholders regarding social and sustainability considerations and disclosures may expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, increased scrutiny from the investment community or enforcement authorities or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations. There are evolving and sometimes conflicting expectations from investors, customers, lawmakers, regulators and other stakeholders on social and sustainability considerations and disclosures, including those related to environmental stewardship, climate change, human capital, forced labor, and workplace conduct and the use cases of our products. Regulators have imposed, and may continue to impose, social and sustainability-related legislation, rules and guidance, which may conflict with one another and impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks, including requiring additional reporting that will expand the public's access to our programs and metrics or impose changes to our manufacturing practices, operations and/or product designs. Additionally, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals, initiatives and other actions and the focus of stakeholders may evolve over time. Our business may face higher expectations as well as increased scrutiny related to these activities. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with sustainability laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could harm our reputation, adversely impact our ability to attract and retain employees or customers, expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community or enforcement authorities or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Existing or future legislation and regulations pertaining to AI, AI-enabled products and the use of biometrics (e.g., facial recognition) or other video analytics that apply to us or to our customers may make it more challenging, costly, or in some cases prohibit certain products or services from being offered or modified and subject us to regulatory and litigation risks and potential liabilities, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Current or future legislation and governmental regulations pertaining to AI, AI-enabled products and the use of biometrics or other video analytics may affect how our business is conducted or expose us to unfavorable developments resulting from changes in the regulatory landscape. For example, the AI Act in the EU became law in August 2024, with key obligations applying in stages through August 2027. The AI Act places significant restrictions on the use of AI for real-time biometric identification by law enforcement, and implements significant compliance requirements on the development and use of AI for biometric identification of any kind. Once fully implemented, the AI Act will also place compliance requirements on a variety of other AI uses by law enforcement, as well as on the companies that develop those products, including us. At the same time, the EU is considering several proposals to modify key provisions of the AI Act in order to reduce the burden on businesses, as part of its initiative for regulatory simplification. Other laws related to AI are expected to pass around the globe, including the U.S. and Brazil, in the coming months and years. For example, in recent years, numerous U.S. states considered, and some have adopted, legislation that would establish a comprehensive regulatory framework for the use of AI. Additionally, the EU may enact certain restrictions on the geographic location of AI solutions and domicile location of providers of AI products to customers within the EU. With respect to biometrics and other analytics, laws such as the Biometric Information Privacy Act in Illinois have restricted the collection, use and storage of biometric information and provide a private right of action of persons who are aggrieved by violations of the act. Additionally, laws such as the California automatic license plate recognition ( ALPR ) statute regulate the use of ALPRs and provide a private right of action to persons who have suffered actual damages from violation of the statute, and we expect to see an increase in state ALPR legislation going forward. The Federal Trade Commission has also pursued enforcement actions against companies for the misuse of biometric information and the use of facial recognition technology without implementing appropriate safeguards. Current or future legislation, governmental regulations, and enforcement actions pertaining to biometrics and other analytics have exposed us to, and we expect will continue to expose us to, regulatory and litigation risks. Legislation and governmental regulations related to AI and the use of biometrics and other video analytics may also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance and the risk of liability. It is also not clear how existing and future laws and regulations governing issues such as AI, AI-enabled products, biometrics and other video analytics apply or will be enforced with respect to the products and services we sell. Any such increase in costs or increased risk of liability as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation could individually, or in the aggregate, make our products and services that use AI technologies, biometrics or other video analytics less attractive to our customers, cause us to change or limit our business practices or affect our financial condition and operating results. 18 We are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, data sovereignty and information security, which exposes us to increased costs and potential liabilities in the event of any actual or perceived failure to comply with such legal and compliance obligations and could adversely affect our business. Various jurisdictions have adopted or are expected to introduce new laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, data sovereignty and information security which have impacted, or we expect will impact, us by exposing us to increased costs and potential liabilities. With respect to cybersecurity laws and regulations, in the EU and other jurisdictions we are subject to, and expect to continue to become subject to, increasingly stringent and prescriptive cybersecurity legislation mandating the implementation of distinct cybersecurity risk management measures and obligations to demonstrate our compliance through certification or self-attestations. Such legislation typically includes obligations for ensuring the integrity of our supply chain, including supplier-focused cybersecurity obligations. The cybersecurity legal and regulatory environment is complex and continues to evolve across many jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to increased costs and any noncompliance, whether actual or perceived, could result in potential liabilities. With respect to privacy and data protection, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) strengthened individual privacy rights and enhanced data protection obligations for processors and controllers of personal data. The GDPR includes expansive disclosures about how personal information is to be used, limitations on retention of information and mandatory data breach notification requirements. Noncompliance with the GDPR can trigger significant fines. U.S. federal, state and other foreign governments and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage, use, processing and disclosure of personal data. Numerous state governments within the U.S. have enacted their own versions of GDPR-like privacy legislation, which has created, and we expect will continue to create, additional compliance challenges, risks, and administrative burdens. A comprehensive U.S. federal privacy law is also in the process of being drafted by the House Privacy Working Group. This, as well as other standalone federal bills, could restrict the ability of companies to collect, store and sell certain types of data, as well as restrict the ability of law enforcement to collect, use and purchase data from companies (for example, ALPR data). It is possible that a one-size fits all compliance program may be difficult to achieve and manage globally, and that we will be forced to comply with a patchwork of inconsistent privacy regulations. Several other countries in which we operate have established legal requirements for cross-border data transfers. There is also an increasing trend towards data localization policies. Cloud-based solutions may be subject to further regulation with respect to data localization requirements and restrictions on the international transfer of data. If countries implement more restrictive regulations for cross-border personal data transfers (or customers do not permit personal data to leave the country of origin), it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, which could adversely impact our business. Because the interpretation and application of cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, data sovereignty and information security laws and regulations are complex and still uncertain, it is possible that they may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing practices or the features of our products, software and services. Any failure or perceived failure by us, our business partners, or third-party service providers to comply with such laws and regulations, or applicable commitments in contracts, could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others and significant fines and penalties, and adversely affect our business. Government regulation of radio frequencies may limit the growth of private, public safety and government narrowband and broadband systems or reduce barriers to entry for new competitors. Radio spectrum is required to provide wireless voice, data, and video communications services. The allocation of frequencies is regulated in the U.S. and other countries and limited spectrum is allocated to wireless services, including commercial, public safety and government users. The global demand for wireless communications has grown exponentially, and spurred competition for access among various networks and users. In response, regulators are reassessing the allocations of spectrum among users, including public safety users, and considering whether to change the allocation of certain spectrum bands from narrowband to broadband use, or to require sharing of spectrum bands. Our results could be negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted by regulators. Our products operate both on licensed and unlicensed spectrum. The loss of available radio spectrum may result in the loss of business opportunities. Regulatory changes in current spectrum bands (e.g., the sharing of previously dedicated or other spectrum) may require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed. 19 A portion of our business is dependent upon U.S. government contracts and grants, which have availability of funding, spending levels and priorities that could change, are highly regulated and subject to disclosure obligations and oversight audits by U.S. government representatives and subject to cancellations. Any such changes in availability of funding, spending levels and priorities, disclosure events, audits or noncompliance with such regulations and laws could result in adverse findings and negatively impact our business. Our business with U.S. government customers depends, in part, upon our customers continued expenditures on programs in areas we support such as law enforcement and national security. These expenditures have not remained constant over time, have been and in the future may be reduced in certain periods, and have been and in the future may be affected by efforts to reduce costs generally. Our business with U.S. government customers has been negatively impacted in the past, and may continue to be negatively impacted in the future, by certain of the following factors, among others: Government budgetary constraints and decreases or changes in available funding; Budget uncertainty, government shutdowns and other potential delays or changes in appropriations or other funding authorization processes; Reductions in overall defense spending or a shift in expenditures away from the government customers we support; The political environment, changes in national and international priorities and macroeconomic conditions; and Changes in public perception of the accuracy of our technology and the appropriate use of our technology by government customers. Our business with or funded by the U.S. government is subject to specific laws and regulations with numerous and unique compliance requirements relating to formation, administration and performance of U.S. federal or federally funded contracts. These requirements, which may increase or change over time, may increase our performance and compliance costs thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Changes to these compliance requirements could result in our inability to renew or perform under certain contracts. Violations or other failures to comply with these laws, regulations or other compliance requirements could lead to terminations for default, suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time or other adverse actions. Such laws, regulations or other compliance requirements include those related to procurement integrity, export control, U.S. government security and information security regulations, supply chain and sourcing requirements and restrictions, employment practices, protection of criminal justice data, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs, foreign corruption, Trade Agreements Act, Buy America Act, other domestic content requirements, and the False Claims Act. Generally, in the U.S., government contracts and grants are subject to certain voluntary or mandatory disclosure obligations, certifications and oversight audits by government representatives. Such disclosures, certifications or audits could negatively affect or result in adjustments to our contracts. For contracts covered by the Cost Accounting Standards, any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract may not be allowed, and such costs already reimbursed may have to be refunded. Future disclosures, audits and adjustments, if required, may materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of such disclosure events or audits. Negative disclosure or audit findings could also result in investigations, termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits or reimbursements, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. All contracts with the U.S. government can be terminated for convenience by the government at any time. Certain of the services we offer are subject to telecommunications regulations in various jurisdictions, which expose us to increased costs to address compliance obligations and potential liability in the event of any failure to comply with such regulations, which could result in fines and penalties, reputational harm and adversely affect our business. We are a provider of certain services that include telecommunications in the U.S., including selective routing services for 911 calls. As such, we are subject to certain Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and possible state regulations relating to telecommunications, including some certification or licensing, service reliability, and regulatory fee requirements. If we do not comply with these regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines, and possibly loss of certifications or licenses to operate or offer certain of our services that are regulated telecommunications. Any enforcement action, which may be a public process, could also damage our reputation and erode customer trust. Additionally, we are subject to regulations in certain foreign countries where we offer services that include telecommunications or other types of communications services. For example, we are registered to provide WAVE PTX push-to-talk offerings, with and without telecommunications connectivity, in certain countries internationally. Local laws and regulations, and the interpretation of such laws and regulations, can differ significantly among the jurisdictions in which we provide these services. In some countries, certain services that we offer are not considered to be regulated communications services, while in other countries they are subject to regulations, including registration with the local telecommunications governing authority, which increases the level of scrutiny and potential for enforcement by regulators as well as our cost of doing business internationally. Further, enforcement and interpretations of the laws and regulations in some countries can be unpredictable and subject to the informal views of government officials. Failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, additional compliance obligations or liabilities, loss of authority to provide regulated services, and reputational harm, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, it is possible that regulations in any of these jurisdictions may be changed, expanded or interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing practices. Future applicable legislative, regulatory or judicial actions could increase the cost and complexity of our compliance and increase our exposure to potential liability. 20 We are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety, and environmental product compliance and remediation laws that continue to expand and could impact our ability to grow our business, could subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities and could impact our financial performance. Our operations and the products we manufacture are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety, and environmental product compliance and remediation laws. Compliance with such existing or future laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, restrict what products and services we can offer, and generally impact our financial performance. Some of these laws are environmental and relate to the use, disposal, cleanup of, and exposure to certain substances. For example, in the U.S., laws often require parties to fund remedial studies or actions regardless of fault and oftentimes in response to actions or omissions that were legal at the time they occurred. We continue to incur disposal costs and have ongoing remediation obligations, including those resulting from previously or newly discovered environmental issues located at discontinued Company facilities and waste disposal sites formerly used by Company facilities, as well as current and former facilities of companies that we acquire. Changes to environmental laws or our discovery of additional obligations under these laws could have a negative impact on our financial performance. Laws focused on: (i) the energy efficiency of electronic products and accessories, (ii) recycling of both electronic products and packaging, (iii) reducing or eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products, (iv) the use and transportation of batteries, and (v) debt collection and other consumer finance matters continue to expand significantly. There are also demanding and rapidly changing laws around the globe related to issues such as radio interference, radio frequency radiation exposure, medical related functionality, use of products with video functionality, and consumer and social mandates pertaining to use of wireless or electronic equipment. These laws, and changes to these laws, could have a substantial impact on whether we can offer certain products, solutions and services, on product costs, and on what capabilities and characteristics our products or services can or must include, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. Tax matters could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign tax jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability may be negatively impacted by: (i) changes in the mix of earnings taxable in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, (ii) changes in tax laws and accounting principles, (iii) changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, (iv) changes in available tax credits, (v) discovery of new information during the course of tax return preparation, (vi) increases in non-deductible expenses, or (vii) repatriating cash held abroad. While the 2025 enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBBA ) introduced several taxpayer-favorable provisions, such as the restoration of immediate expensing for qualified domestic research and experimental expenditures, it has also added complexity to the U.S. tax code. For example, the interplay between new domestic incentives and modified international provisions, without future comprehensive administrative guidance, creates complexity with respect to our compliance with the OBBBA. Any future guidance or interpretations of the OBBBA, or any actual or perceived noncompliance with the OBBBA by us, could result in an increase to our U.S. tax liability and a resulting adverse impact on our future operating results. Tax audits may also negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to continued examination of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. We regularly evaluate the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Outcomes from these continuing examinations may have a negative impact on our future financial condition and operating results. Certain tax policy efforts, including the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, the European Commission s state aid investigations, and other initiatives could have an adverse effect on the taxation of international businesses. Furthermore, many of the countries where we are subject to taxes, including the U.S., are independently evaluating their tax policy and we may see significant changes in legislation and regulations concerning taxation. Certain countries have already enacted legislation, which could affect international businesses, and other countries have become more aggressive in their approach to aud