=== MSI_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K for further discussion regarding access to the capital markets. Material Cash Requirements from Contractual and Other Obligations Summarized in the table and text below are our short-term (within the next twelve months) and long-term material cash requirements as of December 31, 2025, which we expect to fund with a combination of operating cash flows, existing cash balances or, as needed, borrowings under new or existing debt: Payments Due by Period (in millions) Short-term Long-term Debt obligations, gross (1) $ 750 $ 8,476 Lease obligations (2) 155 521 Purchase obligations (3) 250 521 Total obligations $ 1,155 $ 9,518 (1) Amounts included represent the estimated principal payments applicable to outstanding debt. Refer to "Note 5: Debt and Credit Facilities" in "Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K for discussion related to our long-term debt obligations. (2) We lease certain office, factory and warehouse space, land, and other equipment, principally under non-cancelable operating leases. We are evaluating our real estate needs in order to identify opportunities to reduce long-term cash requirements for office space where practicable. Refer to "Note 3: Leases" to our consolidated financial statements in "Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K for further discussion of these material lease obligations. (3) Amounts included represent firm, non-cancelable commitments. Such commitments include license agreements and agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or establish the parameters defining our requirements. We do not anticipate the cancellation of any of our take-or-pay agreements in the future and estimate that purchases from these suppliers will exceed the minimum obligations during the agreement periods. 49 Other Contingencies Potential Contractual Damage Claims in Excess of Underlying Contract Value: In certain circumstances, we enter into contracts with customers pursuant to which the damages that could be claimed by the customer for failed performance might exceed the revenue we receive from the contract. Contracts with these types of uncapped damages provisions are fairly rare, but individual contracts could still represent meaningful risk. There is a possibility that a claim by a counterparty to one of these contracts could result in expenses that are far in excess of the revenue received from the counterparty in connection with the contract. Indemnification Provisions: We may provide indemnifications for losses that result from the breach of general warranties contained in certain commercial and intellectual property agreements. Historically, we have not made significant payments under these agreements, nor have there been significant claims asserted against us. However, there is an increasing risk in relation to intellectual property indemnities given the current legal climate. In indemnification cases, payment by us is conditioned on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract, which procedures typically allow us to challenge the other party’s claims. In some instances we may have recourse against third-parties for certain payments made by us. Legal Matters: We are a defendant in various lawsuits, claims, and actions, which arise in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or liquidity. However, an unfavorable resolution could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the periods in which the matters are ultimately resolved, or in the periods in which more information is obtained that changes management's opinion of the ultimate disposition. Long-term Customer Financing Commitments Outstanding Commitments: Certain purchasers of our products and services may request that we provide long-term financing (defined as financing with a term of greater than one year) in connection with the sale of equipment. These requests may include all or a portion of the purchase price of the products and services. Our obligation to provide long-term financing may be conditioned on the issuance of a letter of credit in favor of us by a reputable bank to support the purchaser's credit or a pre-existing commitment from a reputable bank to purchase the long-term receivables from us. We had outstanding commitments to provide long-term financing to third-parties totaling $179 million at December 31, 2025 and $105 million at December 31, 2024. Critical Accounting Estimates This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience, current economic and industry conditions and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. This forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting estimates, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management’s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. Revenue Recognition We enter into arrangements which generally consist of multiple promises to our customers. We evaluate whether the promised goods and services are distinct or a series of distinct goods or services. Where contracts contain multiple performance obligations, we allocate the total estimated consideration to each performance obligation based on applying an estimated selling price (“ESP”) as our best estimate of standalone selling price. We use list price as the standalone selling price for sales sold through our channel partners. Given the unique nature of the goods and services we provide to direct customers, standalone sales of our products generally do not exist. Therefore, we determine ESP by: (i) collecting all reasonably available data points including historical sales, cost and margin analyses of the product or services, and other inputs based on our normal pricing and discounting practices, (ii) making any reasonably required adjustments to the data based on market and Company-specific factors, and (iii) stratifying the data points for similar customers and circumstances, when appropriate, based on major product or service, type of customer, geographic market, and sales volume. We account for certain system contracts on an over time basis, electing an input method of estimated costs as a measure of performance completed. The selection of costs incurred as a measure of progress aligns the transfer of control to the overall production of the customized system. 50 For system contracts accounted for over time using estimated costs as a measure of performance completed, we rely on estimates around the total estimated costs to complete the contract (“Estimated Costs to Complete”). Estimated Costs to Complete include direct labor, equipment and subcontracting costs. Due to the nature of the efforts required to be performed to meet the underlying performance obligation, determining Estimated Costs to Complete may be complex and subject to many variables. We have a standard and disciplined process in which management reviews the progress and performance of open contracts in order to determine the best estimate of Estimated Costs to Complete. As part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion, the project schedule, identified risks and opportunities, and the related changes in estimates of costs. The risks and opportunities include management’s judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the project schedule, technical requirements, and other contract requirements. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor costs, inclusive of subcontractors, and the cost of materials, among other variables. Based on this analysis, any adjustment to net sales, cost of sales, and the related impact to operating income are recorded as necessary in the period they become known. When estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed estimates of total revenue to be earned, a provision for the entire loss on the contract is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined. Retirement Benefits Our benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs (benefits) associated with our domestic noncontributory pension plans (“U.S. Pension Benefit Plans”), our foreign noncontributory pension plans (“Non-U.S. Plans”), as well as our domestic postretirement health care plan (“Postretirement Health Care Benefits Plan”), are determined using actuarial assumptions. The assumptions are based on management’s best estimates, after consulting with outside investment advisors and actuaries. Accounting methodologies use an attribution approach that generally spreads the effects of individual events over the service lives of the participants in the plan, or estimated average lifetime when almost all of the plan participants are considered "inactive." Examples of “events” are plan amendments and changes in actuarial assumptions such as discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and rate of compensation increases. As such, depending on the specific plan, we amortize gains and losses over periods ranging from eight to twenty-five years. Prior service costs are being amortized over periods ranging from fourteen to twenty-four years. Benefits under all pension plans are valued based on the projected unit credit cost method. There are various assumptions used in calculating the net periodic costs (benefits) and related benefit obligations. One of these assumptions is the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The required use of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized pension income that is greater or less than the actual returns of those plan assets in any given year. Over time, however, the expected long-term returns are designed to approximate the actual long-term returns. We use a five-year, market-related asset value method of recognizing asset related gains and losses. We use long-term historical actual return experience with consideration of the expected investment mix of the plans’ assets, as well as future estimates of long-term investment returns, to develop our expected rate of return assumption used in calculating the net periodic pension cost (benefit) and the net postretirement health care benefit. Our investment return assumption for the U.S. Pension Benefit Plans was 8.01% in 2025 and 7.74% in 2024. Our investment return assumption for the Postretirement Health Care Benefits Plan was 8.55% in 2025 and 8.30% in 2024. Our weighted average investment return assumption for the Non-U.S. Plans was 6.29% in 2025 and 5.84% in 2024. For the U.S. and Non-U.S. Pension Benefit plans, a 25 bps change in expected return on plan assets would result in a $9 million and $4 million, respectively, change in net period pension benefit in 2025. For the Postretirement Health Care Benefits Plan, a 25 bps change in expected return on plan assets would have a de minimis impact to net periodic pension benefit in 2025. A second key assumption is the discount rate. The discount rate assumptions used for the U.S. Pension Benefit Plans, the Non-U.S. Plans and the Postretirement Health Care Benefits Plan reflect, at December 31 of each year, the prevailing market rates for high-quality, fixed-income debt instruments that, if the obligation was settled at the measurement date, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the benefit obligation when due. Our weighted average discount rates for measuring our U.S. Pension Benefit Plans obligations were 5.50% and 5.70% at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our weighted average discount rates for measuring our Non-U.S. Plans were 5.25% and 5.07% at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our discount rates for measuring the Postretirement Health Care Benefits Plan obligation were 5.12% and 5.49% at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For the U.S. Pension Benefit Plans, a 25 bps increase in the discount rate on the projected benefit obligation would result in a $107 million reduction of the projected benefit obligation and a 25 bps decrease would result in $111 million of additional projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2025. For the Non-U.S. Pension Benefit Plans and the Postretirement Health Care Benefits Plan, a 25 bps change in our discount rate would be de minimis as of December 31, 2025. Valuation and Recoverability of Goodwill We assess the recorded amount of goodwill for recovery on an annual basis as of the last day of the third quarter of each fiscal year. Goodwill is assessed more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. We continually assess whether any such events and circumstances have occurred, which requires a significant amount of judgment. Such events and circumstances may include: (i) adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions, (ii) adverse changes in the industry or market in which we transact, (iii) changes in cost factors negatively impacting earnings and cash flows, (iv) negative or declining overall financial performance, (v) events affecting the carrying value or composition of a reporting unit, or (vi) a sustained decrease in share price, among others. Any 51 such adverse event or change in circumstances could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The goodwill impairment assessment is performed at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (referred to as a “component”). A component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. When two or more components of an operating segment have similar economic characteristics, the components are aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit. An operating segment is deemed to be a reporting unit if all of its components are similar, if none of its components is a reporting unit, or if the segment comprises only a single component. Based on this guidance, we have determined that our Products and Systems Integration and Software and Services segments are comprised of four and two reporting units, respectively. We performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying amount for the fiscal years 2025 and 2024. In performing this qualitative assessment we assessed relevant events and circumstances including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance, changes in enterprise value and entity-specific events. For fiscal years 2025 and 2024, we concluded it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets In connection with the acquisition of Silvus, we exercised significant judgment in determining the fair value of the acquired intangible assets. The assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are measured at their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets or liabilities acquired, including identified intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. The determination and allocation of fair value to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on various assumptions and valuation methodologies requiring considerable significant judgment in determining the estimates and assumptions used to estimate the fair values. Customer relationships were valued under the excess earnings method, which assumes that the value of intangible assets is equal to the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable specifically to the intangible assets. Developed technology and trade names were valued under the relief from royalty method, which assumes value to the extent that the acquired company is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from it. We engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist with the allocation of the total purchase price for the Silvus acquisition to the fair value of the net assets acquired, which required the use of several significant judgments and estimates related to the assumptions associated with the intangible assets, including the forecasted revenue growth rates, customer attrition rate, and the discount rate for customer relationships and the forecasted revenue growth rates, royalty rate, and discount rate for developed technology. We believe the significant judgments and estimates used associated with the valuation of intangible assets acquired in the Silvus acquisition are reasonable. Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements See “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements in “Part II. Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K. 52 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our long-term debt as interest rate fluctuations impact the fair value of our long-term debt. As of December 31, 2025, we had $8.4 billion of long-term debt, which is primarily priced at long-term, fixed interest rates. A hypothetical 10% decrease in interest rates as of the end of 2025 would have increased the fair value of our debt by approximately $202 million at December 31, 2025. See "Note 5: Debt and Credit Facilities" to the consolidated financial statements included in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K for more information on our long-term debt. Foreign Currency Risk We are exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of buying and selling in various currencies, our net investments in foreign entities, and monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the legal entity holding the instrument. We use financial instruments to reduce our overall exposure to the effects of currency fluctuations on cash flows. Our policy prohibits speculation in financial instruments for profit on exchange rate price fluctuations, trading in currencies for which there are no underlying exposures, or entering into transactions for any currency to intentionally increase the underlying exposure. Our strategy related to foreign exchange exposure management is to offset the gains or losses on the financial instruments against losses or gains on the underlying operational cash flows, net investments or monetary assets and liabilities based on our assessment of risk. We enter into derivative contracts for some of our non-functional currency cash, receivables, and payables, which are primarily denominated in major currencies that can be traded on open markets. Our policy permits us to use forward contracts and options to hedge these currency exposures. In addition, we enter into derivative contracts for some forecasted transactions or net investments in some of our overseas entities, which are designated as part of a hedging relationship if it is determined that the transaction qualifies for hedge accounting under the provisions of the authoritative accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. A portion of our exposure is from currencies that are not traded in liquid markets and these are addressed, to the extent reasonably possible, by managing net asset positions, product pricing and component sourcing. We had outstanding foreign exchange contracts with notional values totaling $1.6 billion and $1.0 billion at the end of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Management does not believe these financial instruments should subject it to undue risk due to foreign exchange movements because gains and losses on these contracts should generally offset gains and losses on the underlying assets, liabilities and transactions. The following table shows the five largest net notional amounts of the positions to buy or sell foreign currency as of December 31, 2025 and the corresponding positions as of December 31, 2024: Notional Amount Net Buy (Sell) by Currency 2025 2024 British pound $ 301 $ 124 Euro 191 150 Australian dollar (160) (136) Canadian dollar 115 70 Danish krone 58 23 Foreign exchange financial instruments that are subject to the effects of currency fluctuations, which may affect reported earnings, include derivative financial instruments and other monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the legal entity holding the instrument. Currently, our derivative financial instruments consist primarily of currency forward contracts. Other monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the legal entity consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, accounts payable and accounts receivable. Assuming the amounts of the outstanding foreign exchange contracts represent our underlying foreign exchange risk related to monetary assets and liabilities, a hypothetical unfavorable 10% movement in the foreign exchange rates at December 31, 2025 would reduce the value of those monetary assets and liabilities by approximately $89 million. Our market risk calculation represents an estimate of reasonably possible net losses that would be recognized assuming hypothetical 10% movements in future currency market pricing and is not necessarily indicative of actual results, which may or may not occur. It does not represent the maximum possible loss or any expected loss that may occur, since actual future gains and losses will differ from those estimated, based upon, among other things, actual fluctuation in market rates, operating exposures, and the timing thereof. We believe, however, that any such loss incurred would be offset by the effects of market rate movements on the respective underlying derivative financial instruments transactions. 53 Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238 ) 55 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations 58 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 59 Consolidated Balance Sheets 60 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 61 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 62 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 63 54 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Motorola Solutions, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Motorola Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Silvus Technologies Holdings Inc. (“Silvus”) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2025. We have also excluded Silvus from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Silvus is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 1% and 2%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that c

=== MSI_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Form 10-K. 36 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities On March 24, 2026, the Company issued 5,470 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Hyper to certain former shareholders of Hyper. The stock was issued for an aggregate grant date fair value of $2 million that will be expensed over an average service period of two years. On March 11, 2026, the Company issued 1,422 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Exacom to certain former shareholders of Exacom. The stock was issued for an aggregate grant date fair value of $1 million that will be expensed over an average service period of two years. The foregoing transactions did not involve any underwriters, any underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offerings. The shares with respect to the transactions were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in privately negotiated transactions not involving any public offerings or solicitations. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information with respect to acquisitions by the Company of shares of its common stock during the quarter ended April 4, 2026. Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (1) (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Program (2) (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Program (2) 12/31/2025 to 1/29/2026 39,100 $ 383.59 39,100 $ 1,068,328,177 1/30/2026 to 2/26/2026 7,531 $ 467.76 7,531 $ 1,064,805,497 2/27/2026 to 4/1/2026 222,016 $ 450.13 222,016 $ 964,870,448 Total 268,647 $ 440.94 268,647 (1) Average price paid per share of common stock repurchased excludes commissions paid to brokers and excise tax. As of January 1, 2023, the Company's share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1% excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The amount of excise tax incurred is included in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the quarter ended April 4, 2026. (2) As originally announced on July 28, 2011, and subsequently amended, the Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase an aggregate amount of up to $18.0 billion of its outstanding shares of common stock (the “share repurchase program”). The share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. As of April 4, 2026, the Company had used approximately $17.0 billion to repurchase shares, leaving $1.0 billion of authority available for future repurchases. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. Item 5. Other Information. During the three months ended April 4, 2026, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 37 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit number 10.1 listed in this Exhibit Index is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this form by Item 6 hereof. Exhibit No. Exhibit * 10.1 2026 -2028 Performance Measures under the Motorola Solutions Long Range Incentive Plan (LRIP), as approved on February 25, 2026. *31.1 Certification of Gregory Q. Brown pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *31.2 Certification of Jason J. Winkler pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. **32.1 Certification of Gregory Q. Brown pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. **32.2 Certification of Jason J. Winkler pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ___________________________________ * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith MOTOROLA, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC and are used under license. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. ©2026 Motorola Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. 38 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS, INC. By: / S / KATHERINE MAHER Katherine Maher Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer & Duly Authorized Officer) May 7, 2026 39 