. RISK FACTORS You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below. Summary of RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations. Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures. The agreements governing our senior credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations. We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Market Conditions We face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, including increased competition through online sports betting and iGaming, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside. We have suspended our payment of ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders, and may not elect to resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all. All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified. We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. 11 We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits. Leisure and business travel, especially travel by air, are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events, such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or the outbreak of infectious diseases. Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future. Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business. A significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results. We may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful. Our operational efforts to expand our digital business in new geographic markets may not be successful. The failure to maintain the integrity of our information and other systems or customer information can result in damage to our reputation, subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputation. We are subject to risks and costs related to climate change. Water scarcity could negatively impact our operations. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters and Changes in Public Policy Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us. If the jurisdictions in which we operate increase taxes and fees, including gaming taxes, our results could be adversely affected. The future recognition of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset may change materially in future periods. We face risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be, brought against us. Risks Related to Our Macau Operations We have agreed not to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan, other than through MGM China. The Macau government can (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise, (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise , or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry. We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of MGM China, the holding company for MGM Grand Paradise which owns and operates MGM Macau and MGM Cotai. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, please see below. Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations . As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $6.3 billion of principal amount of indebtedness outstanding on a consolidated basis, including $2.5 billion of outstanding indebtedness of MGM China. Any increase in the interest 12 rates applicable to our existing or future borrowings would increase the cost of our indebtedness and reduce the cash flow available to fund our other liquidity needs. We do not guarantee MGM China s obligations under its debt agreements and, to the extent MGM China was to cease to produce cash flow sufficient to service its indebtedness, our ability to make additional investments into MGM China is limited by the covenants in our existing senior credit facility. In addition, our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could have important negative consequences on us, including: increasing our exposure to general adverse economic and industry conditions; limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy (including returning value to our shareholders) or other general operating requirements; making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; or placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less-leveraged competitors. We currently also provide shortfall guarantees of the $3.01 billion and $3.0 billion principal amount of indebtedness (and any interest accrued and unpaid thereon) of the landlords of Bellagio and Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas, respectively. The terms of each guarantee provide that, after the lenders have exhausted certain remedies to collect on the obligations under the underlying indebtedness, we would then be responsible for any shortfall between the value of the collateral and the debt obligation, which amount may be material, and we may not have sufficient cash on hand to fund any such obligation to the extent it is triggered in the future. In addition, to the extent we no longer provide the shortfall guarantees, we would recognize certain tax gains related to our investments in Bellagio REIT Venture, the landlord of Bellagio, and VICI Properties OP LLC ( VICI OP ), the owner of the landlords of certain of our domestic properties, which may be significant. Further, we entered into certain tax protection agreements related to these investments that will expire in 2029 and 2037. Following the expiration of the agreements, to the extent Bellagio REIT Venture and VICI OP engage in certain transactions, we may realize taxable gains and such gains may be significant. Changes in tax laws or regulations may also materially affect the amount and timing of recognizing taxable gains on these investments. We also provide for guarantees (i) in the amount of 12.65 billion yen (approximately $81 million as of December 31, 2025) for 50% of MGM Osaka s obligations to Osaka under various agreements related to the venture s development of an integrated resort in Osaka, Japan and (ii) of an uncapped amount to provide funding to MGM Osaka, if necessary, for the completion of the construction and full opening of the integrated resort. The guarantees expire when the obligations relating to the full opening of the integrated resort are fulfilled. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand to satisfy any obligations with respect to any of these guarantees or our other financial commitments, we may need to raise capital, including incurring additional indebtedness, in order to satisfy our obligation. There can be no assurance that any financing will be available to us, or, if available, will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Under the terms of MGM Grand Paradise s concession, MGM Grand Paradise is required to implement certain investments in gaming and non-gaming projects, for which the non-gaming commitment is subject to increase if market-wide Macau annual gross gaming revenue reaches a specified level, as further discussed in Note 12. There can be no assurance, however, that MGM Grand Paradise will have sufficient cash on hand to fund these obligations, including the increased investment amounts, or that it would be able to obtain financing to fund these obligations on satisfactory terms or at all. If MGM Grand Paradise is unable to satisfy its investment commitments, its concession contract may be subject to termination by the Macau government. See Risks Related to Our Macau Operations The Macau government can (i) terminate MGM Grand Paradise s concession under certain circumstances without compensating MGM Grand Paradise, (ii) from the eighth year of MGM Grand Paradise s concession, redeem the concession by providing MGM Grand Paradise at least one year s prior notice and subject to the payment of reasonable and fair damages or indemnity to MGM Grand Paradise, or (iii) refuse to grant MGM Grand Paradise an extension of the concession prior to its expiry. Moreover, our businesses are capital intensive. For our owned, leased and managed properties to remain attractive and competitive, we must periodically invest significant capital to keep the properties well-maintained, modernized and refurbished. The leases for our operating properties have fixed rental payments (with annual escalators) and also require us to apply a percentage of net revenues generated at the leased properties to capital expenditures at those properties. Such investments require an ongoing supply of cash and, to the extent that we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained. Similarly, development projects, including the development of an integrated resort in Japan, strategic initiatives, including positioning BetMGM North America Venture as a leader in online sports betting and iGaming, investments in the growth of our international digital gaming business, and acquisitions could require significant capital commitments, the incurrence of additional debt, guarantees of third-party debt or the incurrence of contingent liabilities, any or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 13 Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures . Our ability to make payments on our substantial indebtedness and other significant financial commitments, including the rent payments under our leases, and to fund planned or committed capital expenditures and other investments depends on our ability to generate cash flow, receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates and subsidiaries (including BetMGM North America Venture and MGM China), and borrow under our senior credit facility or incur new indebtedness. If regional and national economic conditions deteriorate, including in connection with a recession, revenues from our operations could decline as consumer spending levels decrease and we could fail to generate cash sufficient to fund our liquidity needs or satisfy the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt and lease instruments. If we fail to generate cash sufficient to fund our liquidity needs or satisfy the financial and other covenants in our debt and lease instruments, we cannot assure you that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or fund our other liquidity needs or that we will be able to access the capital markets in the future to borrow additional debt on terms favorable to us, or at all. In addition, we have a significant amount of indebtedness maturing in 2027, and thereafter. Our ability to fund or timely refinance and replace our indebtedness will depend upon the economic and credit market conditions discussed above. If we are unable to fund or refinance our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments. There is no assurance that any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements or leases. The agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations . Covenants governing our senior secured credit facilities and certain of our debt securities restrict, among other things, our ability to: pay dividends or distributions, repurchase equity, prepay certain debt or make certain investments; incur additional debt; incur liens on assets; sell assets or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all of our assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; allow certain subsidiaries to transfer assets or enter into certain agreements; and enter into sale and lease-back transactions. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. The breach of any such covenants or obligations not otherwise waived or cured could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. Any default under our senior credit facility or the indentures could adversely affect our growth, our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt and other financial commitments. In addition, MGM China has issued debt securities and is a borrower under credit facilities, all of which contain covenants that restrict the borrower s ability to engage in certain transactions, require MGM China to satisfy certain financial covenants and impose certain operating and financial restrictions on MGM China and its subsidiaries. These restrictions include, among other things, limitations on MGM China s ability to incur liens, merge or consolidate with other companies, or transfer, sell or dispose of all or substantially all of its assets. We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes . We are required to make annual rent payments of $1.8 billion, in the aggregate, under our triple net lease agreements, which leases are also subject to annual escalators as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The leases also require us to spend a certain amount on capital expenditures at the leased properties. In addition, each of the leases obligates us to comply with certain financial covenants which, if not met, will require us to deposit cash collateral or issue letters of credit for the benefit of the applicable landlord equal to 6 months or 1 year of rent, as applicable to the circumstances, under the VICI Properties, Inc. ( VICI ) lease, 1 year of rent under the Mandalay Bay and MGM Grand Las Vegas lease, the Aria and Vdara lease, and The Cosmopolitan lease, and 2 years of rent under the Bellagio lease. As a result of the foregoing rent and capital expenditure obligations, our ability to fund our operations, raise capital, make acquisitions, make investments, service our debt and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes may be adversely affected. For example, our obligations under the leases may: 14 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to obtain additional indebtedness; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to making rent payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, pay dividends, repurchase shares and other general corporate purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; restrict our ability to make acquisitions, divestitures and engage in other significant transactions; and cause us to lose our rights with respect to the applicable leased properties if we fail to pay rent or other amounts or otherwise default on the leases. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Market Conditions We face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, including increased competition through online sports betting and iGaming, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . The hotel, resort, entertainment, and gaming industries are highly competitive. We do not believe that our competition is limited to a particular geographic area, and hotel, resort, entertainment, and gaming operations in other states or countries, as well as the increased availability of online sports betting and iGaming, could attract our customers. To the extent that new casinos enter our markets or hotel room capacity is expanded by others in major destination locations, competition will increase. Major competitors, including potential new entrants, may also expand their hotel room capacity, expand their range of amenities, improve their level of service, or construct new resorts in Las Vegas, Macau or in the domestic regional markets in which we operate, all of which could attract our customers. Also, the growth of retail gaming in areas outside Las Vegas has increased the competition faced by our operations in Las Vegas and elsewhere, including growth in tribal gaming in states such as Florida. In addition, in the last several years local referendums to allow retail gaming have passed in Virginia and Nebraska, with active lobbying occurring in states like Texas, North Carolina and Georgia, among others. Finally, in 2025, the New York Gaming Commission issued licenses for three integrated resorts projects that will include live-dealer table games, which we expect will increase competition in the Northeast corridor and may have a negative impact on our New York and New Jersey operations. While we believe our principal competitors are major gaming and hospitality resorts with well-established and recognized brands, we also compete against smaller hotel offerings and peer-to-peer inventory sources, which allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments from owners. We expect that we will continue to face increased competition from new channels of distribution, innovations in consumer-facing technology platforms and other transformations in the travel industry that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers and related business. We have also seen significant expansion across the United States and internationally in legalized forms of iGaming and online sports betting and expect additional jurisdictions will likely legalize iGaming and online sports betting in the future as well as a rise in illegal forms of iGaming and online sports betting, such as sweepstakes, offshore operators and gray market operators. We participate in the iGaming and online sports betting market through our MGM Digital segment and through our BetMGM North America Venture, both of which face significant competition from other industry participants as well as the broader gaming and entertainment industries. If our digital businesses are unable to sustain or grow interest in their offerings they may not be able to gain the scale necessary to successfully compete in the growing market and, as a result, we may not receive the anticipated benefits from our investments. Further, our digital businesses may be unable to respond quickly or adequately to changes in the industry brought on by new regulations, products or technologies, the availability of other technology platforms, such as prediction markets, and marketing channels, or the introduction of new features and functionality or new marketing or promotional efforts by competitors. Such competitors may also spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products or services than ours. In addition, the expansion of iGaming, online sports betting, and other types of gaming may further compete with our land-based operations by reducing customer visitation and spend at our properties. In addition, competition could increase if changes in gaming restrictions in the United States and elsewhere are enacted, including the addition of new gaming establishments located closer to our customers than our casinos. For example, while our Macau operations compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in or near Asia, certain areas in the region have legalized casino gaming (including Japan) and others (such as Taiwan and Thailand) may legalize casino gaming (or iGaming) in the future. Furthermore, currently MGM Grand Paradise holds one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the Macau government to operate casinos in Macau. If the Macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in Macau through the grant of additional concessions or if current concessionaires open additional facilities, we would face increased competition. Similarly, as a result of Macau s Gaming Inspection and Co-ordination 15 Bureau increased scrutiny and restrictions imposed on gaming promoters, we along with certain other casino operators in Macau, suspended our primary gaming promoters in late 2021 and subsequently terminated our contractual arrangements with such promoters, which has led to substantial declines in revenues from gaming promoters. As a result, competition for the mass market segment amongst Macau operators has substantially increased and we expect it to continue to grow and if we are unable to maintain and further develop our mass market business, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Most jurisdictions where casino gaming is currently permitted place numerical and/or geographical limitations on the issuance of new gaming licenses. Although a number of jurisdictions in the United States and foreign countries are considering legalizing or expanding casino gaming, in some cases new gaming operations may be restricted to specific locations and we expect that there will be intense competition for any attractive new opportunities (which may include acquisitions of existing properties) that do arise. In addition to competition with other hotels, resorts and casinos, we compete with destination travel locations outside of the markets in which we operate. Our failure to compete successfully in our various markets and to continue to attract customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside . Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending and corporate spending on conventions, trade shows and business development. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, economic contraction, economic uncertainty, geopolitical uncertainty, or the perception by our customers of weak or weakening economic conditions may cause a decline in demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows and conventions, and for the type of luxury amenities we offer. In addition, changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences could be driven by factors such as the increased cost of travel, an unstable job market, perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth, outbreaks of contagious diseases or fears of war and acts of terrorism or other acts of violence. Consumer preferences also evolve over time due to a variety of factors, including demographic changes, which, for instance, have resulted in the growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and timely react to these trends, and any failure to do so may negatively impact our results of operations. In particular, Aria, Bellagio, MGM Grand Las Vegas, and The Cosmopolitan may be affected by economic conditions in the Far East, and all of our Nevada resorts are affected by economic conditions in the United States, and California in particular. A recession, economic slowdown or any other significant economic condition, including increased inflationary pressures, affecting consumers, corporations, or the supply chain, generally is likely to cause a reduction in visitation to our properties, which would adversely affect our operating results. Likewise, increased trade tension between the United States and other countries, including as a result of the imposition of tariffs, could lead to a decrease in cross border-travel, result in us paying higher prices for imported goods at our properties and result in countries adopting protectionist legislation that could impair our international operations. In addition, adverse market conditions may impact the labor market and cause disruptions to the global supply chain. If we are unable to hire and retain sufficient employees to operate our properties or procure necessary supplies, our business, results of operations and reputation could be negatively impacted. Finally, we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. We conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. Accordingly, we receive cash from royalties, dividends and distributions that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations, which may be impacted by various factors, including compliance with certain local statutes, the laws and regulations currently and in the future applicable to our subsidiaries and restrictions in connection with their contractual arrangements. For instance, while currently there are no foreign exchange or capital control restrictions applicable to intercompany transactions between us and MGM China, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case in the future and that our ability to convert large amounts of Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars over a relatively short period will not be limited. If, in the future, foreign exchange or capital control restrictions or other restrictions on MGM China s ability to pay dividends were to be imposed and become applicable to us, such restrictions could potentially reduce or eliminate the amounts that we would be able to receive from MGM China, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, since we expect a significant number of customers to come to MGM Macau and MGM Cotai (and, to a lesser extent, our domestic properties) from mainland China, general economic, regulatory, geopolitical and market conditions in China could impact our financial prospects. Any slowdown in economic growth or changes to China s current restrictions on currency conversion or movements, including market impacts resulting from China s anti-corruption campaign and related tightening of liquidity provided by non-bank lending entities and cross-border currency monitoring (including increased restrictions on Union Pay withdrawals and other ATM limits on the withdrawal of cash and facial recognition technology on ATM machines in Macau to strictly enforce the know your customer regulations for mainland Chinese bank cardholders), could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland China and/or the amounts they are willing 16 to spend at our properties. In addition, any potential policy changes which may affect cross-border travel, similar to the previous travel restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse impact on visitation from mainland China. Furthermore, the enactment of new laws in Macau, including the new illegal gaming law, which criminalizes activities such as unlicensed currency exchange for gaming purposes and unauthorized grant of credit for gaming purpose, may also adversely impact the amounts visitors are willing to spend at our properties. It is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect, become more restrictive, or be readopted in the future. These developments have had, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to Macau from mainland China, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in Macau. Furthermore, our operations in Macau may be impacted by competition for limited labor resources and our ability to retain and hire employees. We compete with a large number of casino properties for a limited number of employees and we anticipate that such competition, which significantly increased following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions in early 2023, will continue in Macau. While we seek employees from outside of Macau to adequately staff our properties, certain Macau government policies limit our ability to import labor in certain job classifications (for instance, the Macau government requires that we only hire Macau residents as dealers in our casinos) and any future government policies that freeze or cancel our ability to import labor could cause labor costs to increase. Finally, because additional gaming or non-gaming projects have commenced operations and other projects are under construction, the existing transportation infrastructure may need to be expanded to accommodate increased visitation to Macau. If transportation facilities to and from Macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of customers visiting Macau, the desirability of Macau as a travel destination, as well as the results of operations at our developments in Macau, could be negatively impacted. We have suspended our payment of ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders, and may not elect to resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all. On February 8, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors had determined to suspend our ongoing regular dividends in order to focus on our preferred method of returning value to shareholders through our share repurchase plan. Our future resumption of dividend payments, if any, would be subject to the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, and our ability to pay any dividends in the future could be limited by a variety of factors, including our holding company structure, existing and future debt agreements entered into by us or our subsidiaries, state law requirements, our future liquidity position, potential alternative uses of cash, general economic conditions and expected future financial results, in addition to other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will resume paying dividends in the foreseeable future or at all, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. All of our domestic properties are subject to triple net leases that, in addition to rent, require us to pay: (1) all facility maintenance, (2) all insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, (3) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor), (4) all capital expenditures, and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. We are responsible for paying these expenses notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall accrue in part to the landlords as the owners of the associated facilities. Furthermore, our obligation to pay rent as well as the other costs described above is absolute in virtually all circumstances, regardless of the performance of the properties and other circumstances that might abate rent in leases that now place these risks on the tenant, such as certain events of casualty and condemnation. Finally, our leases limit our ability to cease operations at our properties, subject to certain limited exceptions. Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified . Given that a significant number of our major resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the Las Vegas tourism industry. For example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air travel to and from Las Vegas can adversely affect our business. We cannot control the number or frequency of flights to or from Las Vegas, but we rely on air traffic for a significant portion of our visitors. Reductions in flights by major airlines as a result of higher fuel prices, lower demand, or otherwise, can impact the number of visitors to our properties. Additionally, there is one principal interstate highway between Las Vegas and Southern California, where a large number of our customers reside. Capacity constraints of that highway or any other traffic disruptions may also affect the number of customers who visit our facilities. We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables . We conduct a portion of our gaming activities on a credit basis through the issuance of markers which are unsecured instruments. Table games players typically are issued more markers than slot players, and high-end players typically are issued more markers than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. High-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of 17 gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. Furthermore, the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these high-end customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We issue markers to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. Uncollectible receivables from high-end customers could have a significant impact on our results of operations. While gaming debts evidenced by markers and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of Nevada, and Nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the U.S. Constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. Although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the U.S. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from United States courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. Furthermore, we expect that MGM Grand Paradise will be able to enforce its gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including Macau. To the extent MGM Grand Paradise gaming customers are from other jurisdictions, MGM Grand Paradise may not have access to a forum in which it will be able to collect all of its gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and MGM Grand Paradise may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Moreover, under applicable law, MGM Grand Paradise remains obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers. Even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results. We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits . We review our goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis and during interim reporting periods in accordance with the authoritative guidance. Significant negative trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, changes in our business strategy, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth have resulted in write-downs and impairment charges in the past and, if one or more of such events occurs in the future, additional impairment charges or write-downs may be required in future periods. For instance, in 2025, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of the full amount of the Empire City reporting unit s goodwill of $256 million. If we are required to record additional impairment charges or write-downs, this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations. Leisure and business travel , especially travel by air , are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events , such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or the outbreak of infectious diseases . We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel by air. Since most of our customers travel by air to our Las Vegas and Macau properties, any terrorist act or other acts of violence, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war, or any actual or perceived threat to the security of travel by air, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the outbreak of infectious diseases, such as COVID-19, may severely disrupt domestic and international travel. Furthermore, although we have been able to purchase some insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts, insurance coverage against physical loss or business interruption resulting from war and some forms of terrorism continues to be unavailable. Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk . In addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, we have from time to time invested, and expect to continue to invest, in properties or businesses as a co-investor. Co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property or business. Therefore, the operation of such properties or businesses is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. Furthermore, the occurrence of risks that adversely affect the businesses of our joint ventures or other unconsolidated affiliates could reduce the value of our investments in such entities, impair their ability to make any potential future distributions to us or require that we make additional capital contributions to them. The shared nature of control over such ventures may limit our ability to directly manage these risks. In addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. Consequently, actions by a co-investor might subject the properties or businesses owned by such entities to additional risk. Further, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our 18 co-investors, or our co-investors could take actions binding on the property without our consent. Additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, we could become liable for its share of liabilities. For example, we share control of BetMGM North America Venture with our venture partner, Entain plc ( Entain ), with all major operating, investing and financial activities requiring the consent of both members. Disagreements between us and Entain could arise in the future, which could disrupt the venture s operations. Finally, we were awarded a concession to develop an integrated casino resort in Japan in a consortium with ORIX and other local investors, subject to our receipt of a casino license to operate the same. As a result, we could be subject to additional risks related to being unable to directly control development activities or the timing of development completion, which may impact our ability to complete the project on our anticipated timeline, or at all, or within the agreed upon specifications. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects . Although our business model is primarily asset-light, we intend to continue to evaluate opportunities for future construction, development or expansion projects. Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects, such as our integrated resort under construction in Japan, will be subject to a number of risks, including: lack of sufficient, or delays in the availability of, financing; changes to plans and specifications; engineering problems, including defective plans and specifications; shortages of, and price increases in, energy, materials and skilled and unskilled labor; pricing inflation, including wage inflation; delays in obtaining or inability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals; changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, residential, real estate development or construction projects; labor disputes or work stoppages; availability of qualified contractors and subcontractors; disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors; personal injuries to workers and other persons; environmental, health and safety issues, including site accidents and the spread of viruses; weather interferences or delays; fires, typhoons and other natural disasters; geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases. The occurrence of any of these development and construction risks could increase the total costs, delay or prevent the construction, development, expansion or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of any future projects which we might undertake. In addition, the regulatory approvals, debt agreements or other contractual arrangements associated with our development projects may require us to open future casino properties by a certain specified time and to the extent we are unable to meet those deadlines, and any such deadlines are not extended, we may lose our regulatory approval to open a casino resort in a proposed jurisdiction, or incur payment penalties, fines or other expenses, in connection with any delays which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also make significant capital expenditures to maintain and upgrade our properties, which may disrupt operations and displace revenue at the properties, including revenue lost while rooms, restaurants and meeting spaces are under renovation and out of service. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future . Although we have all risk property insurance coverage for our operating properties, which covers damage caused by a casualty loss (such as fire, natural disasters, or terrorism or other acts of violence), each policy has certain exclusions. In addition, our property insurance coverage is in an amount that may be significantly less than the expected replacement cost of rebuilding the facilities if there was a total loss. Our level of insurance coverage also may not be adequate to cover all losses in the event of a major casualty. In addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes, nuclear events, acts of war, loss of income due to cancellation of room reservations or conventions due to fear of terrorism or other acts of violence, loss of electrical power due to catastrophic or other events, rolling blackouts or otherwise, deterioration or corrosion, insect or animal damage, and pollution, may not be covered at all under our policies. Therefore, certain acts could expose us to substantial uninsured losses. 19 In addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of these events or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. While we carry business interruption insurance and general liability insurance, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses in any such event. Furthermore, our triple net leases require us to maintain specified insurance coverage. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to obtain the types and limits of insurance coverage required by these leases and, to the extent such required insurance coverage cannot be obtained at commercially reasonable cost or at all, then we would need to obtain amendments to the leases or face a default by the applicable tenant under the lease, which could have material adverse effect on our business. We renew our insurance policies on an annual basis. The cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits, further increase our deductibles or self-insured retentions, or agree to certain exclusions from our coverage. Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business . The development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. While our business as a whole is not substantially dependent on any one trademark or combination of several of our trademarks or other intellectual property, we seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our business operations through the use of trade secrets, trademarks, domain names, copyright, and by seeking and enforcing legal protections under contract law and other laws and regulations related to the foregoing . We file applications for, and obtain trademarks in, the United States and in foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, parties may infringe our trademarks and other intellectual property and our rights may be invalidated or unenforceable. For example, while we have a policy of entering into agreements with (or imposing other restrictions on) our employees, independent contractors, and business partners addressing confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, and non-competition and non-solicitation issues, such agreements may not provide adequate protection or may be breached, or our proprietary information may otherwise become available to or be independently developed by our competitors. The laws of some foreign countries also may not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States. Monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. Certain of our technology also contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open-source licenses. Use and distribution of open-source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology and, under certain open-source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Third parties have alleged and may in the future allege that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. Third parties may initiate litigation against us without warning or may send us letters or other communications that make allegations without initiating litigation. We may elect not to respond to these letters or other communications if we believe they are without merit, or we may attempt to resolve these disputes out of court by negotiating a license, but in either case it is possible that such disputes will ultimately result in litigation. Any such claims could interfere with our ability to use technology or intellectual property that is material to the operation of our business. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties, such as entities that purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of bringing infringement claims. We also periodically employ individuals who were previously employed by our competitors or potential competitors, and we may therefore be subject to claims that such employees have used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. We may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, including with respect to technology that we believe to be open-source . Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources and the attention of management. If unsuccessful, such litigation could result in the loss of important intellectual property rights, require us to pay substantial damages, subject us to injunctions that prevent us from using certain intellectual property, require us to make admissions that affect our reputation in the marketplace, or require us to enter into license agreements that may not be available on favorable terms, re-engineer our technology or discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings. Finally, even if we prevail in any litigation, the remedy may not be commercially meaningful or fully compensate us for the harm we suffer or the costs we incur. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 20 A significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 37,000 of our U.S. employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, some of which will expire in 2026. A prolonged dispute with the covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise could have an adverse impact on our operations, and adverse publicity in the marketplace related to union messaging could further harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services. Also, wage and/or benefit increases or other contractual obligations resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could also have an adverse impact on our results of operations. To the extent that our non-union employees seek union representation or elect union representation, we would have exposure to risks associated with representation proceedings, labor negotiations and/or economic impacts of newly negotiated labor agreements. Furthermore, we may have, or acquire in the future, multi-employer plans that are classified as endangered, seriously endangered, or critical status. For instance, Borgata s most significant plan is the Legacy Plan of the UNITE HERE Retirement Fund, which has been listed in critical status and is subject to a rehabilitation plan. Plans in these classifications must adopt measures to improve their funded status through a funding improvement or rehabilitation plan, which may require additional contributions from employers (which may take the form of a surcharge on benefit contributions) and/or modifications to retiree benefits. In addition, while Borgata has no current intention to withdraw from these plans, a withdrawal in the future could result in the incurrence of a contingent liability that would be payable in an amount and at such time (or over a period of time) that would vary based on a number of factors at the time of (and after) withdrawal. Any such additional costs may be significant. Our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results . We are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. Additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our properties and a reduction in our revenues. We may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful . We intend to consider strategic and complementary acquisitions and investments in other businesses, properties or other assets. Furthermore, we may pursue any of these opportunities with third parties. Acquisitions and investments in businesses, properties or assets, by us or together with third parties, are subject to risks that could affect our business, including risks related to: spending cash and incurring debt; assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities of acquired businesses and exposure to litigation or regulatory, tax or other sanctions, civil or criminal penalties or other negative consequences such as license revocation or reputational damage; unanticipated issues in integrating information, communications and other systems; conforming standards, controls, procedures, and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures; inheriting internal control deficiencies; challenges in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; exposure to new or unfamiliar geographies and/or regulatory regimes; challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; unanticipated incompatibility of purchasing, logistics, marketing and administration methods; retaining key employees; and consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify opportunities or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, even if we are able to identify any such opportunities and complete transactions, we cannot assure you that we will realize the anticipated synergies and benefits of our acquisitions or that they will be accretive to our results of operations. Our estimates and assumptions regarding expected synergies and benefits of our acquisitions could materially change, including as a result of factors beyond our control, and could delay, decrease or eliminate the expected accretive effect of the acquisitions. In addition, even if we are able to successfully integrate new assets and businesses, the integration of such assets and businesses may result in unanticipated costs, competitive responses, loss of customer or other business relationships and the diversion of management attention, and the expansion of our operations in general, whether through acquisition, development or internal growth, could also cause us to incur substantial costs, including legal, professional and consulting fees. In addition, we periodically review our business to identify properties or other assets that we believe either are non-core, no longer complement our business, are in markets which may not benefit us as much as other markets or could be 21 sold at significant premiums. From time to time, we may attempt to sell these identified properties and assets. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to complete dispositions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our operational efforts to expand our digital business in new geographic markets may not be successful. As a result of social, political and legal differences between jurisdictions, successfully launching our digital business in new jurisdictions will often involve local adaptations to our overall product and marketing strategy. In particular, our marketing strategy in new geographic markets may not be well received by target customers or our product offerings may not enable us to successfully attract or retain customers in a particular jurisdiction. We may also be unable to deal successfully with a new and different local operating environment. Further, the entry into new jurisdictions may subject us to onerous licensing requirements, together with sanctions for breach thereof and/or taxation liabilities that may make the market unattractive to us or impose restrictions that limit our ability to offer certain of our key products or services or to market our products in the way we want to. In addition, a license may require us to offer our products in partnership or cooperation with a local market participant, thereby exposing us to the risk of poor or non-performance by such market participant of its applicable obligations, which could in turn disrupt or restrict our ability to effectively compete and offer one or more of our products in the relevant market. Finally, efforts to access a new jurisdiction or market may require us to incur significant costs, such as capital, marketing, legal and other costs, as well as the commitment of significant senior management time and resources. Furthermore, notwithstanding our efforts to access a new jurisdiction or market, our ability to successfully enter such jurisdictions or markets may be affected by future developments in state/regional, national and/or supranational policy and regulation, limitations on market access, competition from third parties and other factors that we are unable to predict, and which are beyond our control. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in expanding digital business into such jurisdictions or markets or that our service and product offerings in such jurisdictions or markets will grow at expected rates or be successful in the long term. The failure to maintain the integrity of our information and other systems or customer information could result in damage to our reputation, subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data , and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations . We collect and process information relating to our employees, guests, and others for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. The collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted by the various states, the United States and other jurisdictions around the world. Privacy laws and regulations continue to evolve and on occasion may be inconsistent (or conflict) between jurisdictions. Various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact or adopt new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data retention, data transfer, and data protection. For example, California has a comprehensive privacy law, known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ( CCPA ), which provides some of the strongest privacy requirements in the United States. The CCPA was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act that went into effect in 2023. In addition to the numerous other states with privacy laws, new privacy requirements went into effect in 2025 in Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, and Tennessee. In January 2026, additional privacy requirements went into effect in Indiana, Kentucky, and Rhode Island. Outside the United States, the European Union has adopted a data protection regulation known as the General Data Protection Regulation that provides data subjects with significant privacy-related rights and imposes operational and compliance requirements on organizations with significant penalties for non-compliance. Other jurisdictions including Canada, Brazil, and China have also amended or adopted new privacy laws and/or requirements which often include similar requirements and obligations. There may be risks and uncertainties associated with these and other privacy laws and regulations including their interpretation and implementation, as well as the potential extraterritorial effect of certain privacy laws and regulations. Compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations increases our operating costs and could adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests. In addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us), including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unapproved dissemination or a breach of security on systems storing our customer data can result in damage to our reputation, subject us to investigations, fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, and tools to provide security for processing of customer and employee information, such as payment card and other confidential or proprietary information. Our data security measures are reviewed and evaluated regularly; however, they might not protect us against increasingly sophisticated and aggressive threats, like the cybersecurity issue that affected us in September 2023, as further described below. We also rely extensively on our information and other systems and those of third parties to process transactions, maintain and communicate information, and manage our businesses, including at our properties and on our website and digital platforms. Disruptions in these systems, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, have in the past and can in the future be expected to impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This can occur notwithstanding the data security measures and disaster recovery plans that we have in place. 22 Further, our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all possible scenarios that we may encounter. There has been an increase in criminal cybersecurity attacks against companies (and third-party service providers) where systems have been breached, businesses disrupted, and customer, employee, and other company information has been compromised or destroyed. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies amplifies these concerns. Our systems and data, including those we maintain with our third-party service providers, have been subject to cybersecurity breaches of varying degrees of severity in the past and are expected to be subject to cybersecurity breaches in the future. Our third-party information system and other service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties information security or other operations. A significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer or company data maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations, and result in remediation expenses, regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance to assist in the cost of recovery from a significant cyber event, such coverage may not be sufficient to cover any losses resulting from such incidents. A cybersecurity incident also could require that we expend significant additional resources on remediation, restoration, and enhancement of our information technology and other systems. By way of example, in September 2023, we experienced a cybersecurity issue affecting certain of our systems, in which criminal actors may have accessed certain personal information of some of our customers (the Cybersecurity Issue ). Among other things, this issue resulted in system shutdowns that created operational disruptions at our domestic properties, adversely affected revenues, and subjected us to litigation, investigations, and potential regulatory penalties or other remedies. For more information, see Cybersecurity Issue in Part II, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as Cybersecurity litigation, claims, and investigations in Part II, Item 8, Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputation. Many factors influence our reputation and the value of our brands including the perception held by our customers, business partners, other key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business. Our business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance factors and risk of damage to our reputation and the value of our brands because of sentiment regarding issues including diversity and inclusion, community engagement and philanthropy, environmental sustainability, plastic pollution, climate change, responsible gaming, supply chain management, workplace conduct, human rights, and many others, some of which may be unforeseen. Any harm to our reputation, or negative incidents involving us, our workforce, and others with whom we do business, could further impact employee engagement and retention, the willingness of customers and our partners to do business with us, or result in government investigations or litigation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risks and costs related to climate change. Extreme weather conditions, potentially exacerbated by climate change, may cause property damage or interrupt business, which could harm our business and results of operations. Certain of our properties are located in areas that may be subject to extreme weather conditions, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, floods, tornados, wildfires, and winter storms in the United States and severe typhoons in Macau. Such extreme weather conditions may interrupt our operations or the operations of critical suppliers, damage our properties, and reduce the number of customers who visit our facilities in such areas. In addition, our operations or the operations of critical suppliers could be adversely impacted by a drought or other cause of water stress or shortage. A severe drought of extensive duration experienced in Las Vegas or in the other regions in which we operate or source critical supplies could adversely affect our business. Although we maintain both property and business interruption insurance coverage for certain extreme weather conditions, such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits, including limitation on the coverage period for business interruption, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully insure such losses or fully collect, if at all, on claims resulting from such extreme weather conditions. Furthermore, such extreme weather conditions may result in reduced availability or increased price volatility of certain critical supplies, may interrupt or impede access to our affected properties, and may cause visits to our affected properties to decrease for an indefinite period. Additionally, many states and municipalities have begun to adopt laws and policies on climate change and emission reduction targets. For example, in 2024, the SEC adopted expansive new reporting requirements, requiring registrants to detail the impact of their operations on the environment. While the SEC ended its defense of the reporting requirements, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to this regulation, or other climate regulation promulgated by another federal agency, in the future. Similar federal, state, local, and international legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change, such as California s SB 253 and SB 261 climate related disclosure laws and Maryland s Climate Solutions Now Act of 2022, could result in increased regulatory and other costs, which may include increased disclosures and/or capital expenditures on our existing properties to ensure compliance with 23 any new or updated regulations, which may potentially adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that the potential impacts of climate change and severe weather will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, results of operations, cash flows or business. Water scarcity could negatively impact our operations. Water is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve and the ecosystems in which we operate. Water is also a limited resource in many parts of the world, including Las Vegas where the majority of our properties are located. Water availability is facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, the effects of climate change, and increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water. As the demand for water continues to increase in the areas in which we operate, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, our operations may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints and the possibility of reputational damage, which could adversely affect our profitability. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters and Changes in Public Policy Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations . Our ownership and operation of gaming operations is subject to extensive regulation by the countries, states and provinces in which we operate. These laws, regulations and ordinances vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. As such, our gaming regulators can require us to disassociate ourselves from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators or, alternatively, cease operations in that jurisdiction. In addition, unsuitable activity on our part or on the part of our domestic or foreign unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries in any jurisdiction could have a negative effect on our ability to continue operating in other jurisdictions. The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Furthermore, our iGaming and online sports betting initiatives may be particularly subject to risks related to potential changes in the regulatory and enforcement environment as a result of the continued development of regulatory schemes in this industry in the U.S. and internationally. The regulation and legality of iGaming and online sports betting and approaches to enforcement vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction (from open licensing regimes to regimes that impose sanctions or prohibitions) and is subject to uncertainties. In certain jurisdictions, there is no legislation which is directly applicable to our business, or the legality of the supply of iGaming and online sports betting is not clear or is open to interpretation. In many jurisdictions, there are conflicting laws and/or regulations, conflicting interpretations, divergent approaches by enforcement agencies and/or inconsistent enforcement policies and, therefore, some or all forms of iGaming and online sports betting could be determined to be illegal in some of these jurisdictions, either when operated within the jurisdiction and/or when accessed by persons located in that jurisdiction. Moreover, the legality of iGaming and online sports betting is subject to uncertainties arising from differing approaches among jurisdictions as to the determination of where iGaming and online sports betting activities take place and which authorities have jurisdiction over such activities and/or those who participate in or facilitate them. In addition, there is a risk that regulators or prosecutors in jurisdictions where we provide online sports betting or iGaming services to customers without a local license or pursuant to a multi-jurisdictional license, may take legal action in respect of our operations in that jurisdiction and any defense we raise to such actions may not be successful. Actions that may be taken may include criminal sanctions and penalties, as well as civil and administrative enforcement actions, fines, excessive taxation, funds and asset seizures, authorities seeking to seize funds generated from the allegedly illegal activity, as well as payment blocks and ISP blacklisting. Even if such claims could be successfully defended, the process may result in a loss of reputation, potential loss of revenue and diversion of management resources and time. There is a significant risk that our determination to permit customers in any given jurisdiction to access any one or more of our products or engage in various types of marketing activity and customer contact may not always accurately predict the likelihood of one or more jurisdictions taking enforcement or other adverse action against us, our customers or our third-party suppliers, which could lead to fines, criminal sanctions and/or the termination of our operations in such jurisdiction or jurisdictions, and, ultimately, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For a summary of gaming and other regulations that affect our 
