. RISK FACTORS The following are certain RISK FACTORS that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These RISK FACTORS should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Before you buy our Common Stock or Common Stock Non-Voting, you should know that making such an investment involves risks, including the risks described below. It is not possible for management to predict all such risks, nor can management assess the impact of all such risks on our business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or are currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Company, Business and Operations Deterioration of global economic conditions, an economic recession or slow growth, periods of inflation, or economic uncertainty in our key markets may adversely affect customer and consumer spending as well as demand for our products. Global economic conditions can be uncertain and volatile. Our business and results of operations have in the past been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions including inflation, changes in prevailing interest rates, the impact of any U.S. federal government shutdown, changes in governmental rules and approaches to taxation, challenges in global supply chains including new or increased tariffs or trade restrictions, fluctuations in foreign currency interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs, the negative impacts caused by pandemics and other local and global public health issues and the effect of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. As global economic conditions 6 continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, trends in consumer spending also remain unpredictable and subject to reductions due to credit constraints and uncertainties about the future. We are a manufacturer and distributor of flavor products. As such, many of our products are purchased by our customers based on end-user demand from consumers. Some of the factors that may influence consumer spending include general economic conditions, high levels of unemployment, pandemics and public health crises, higher consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on market declines and uncertainty, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, fluctuating interest and foreign currency exchange rates and credit availability, fluctuating fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, inflationary pressure, tax rates and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead customers and consumers to delay or reduce purchases of our products. Consumer demand for our products may not reach our targets, or may decline, when there is an economic downturn or economic uncertainty in our key markets. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in customer and consumer demand may have a material negative impact on our business, financial conditions or results of operations. Damage to our reputation or brand name, loss of brand relevance, increase in use of private label or other competitive brands by customers or consumers, competitive pressures in marketing and technology, or product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition. Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings. We continually make efforts to maintain and improve relationships with our customers and consumers and to increase awareness and relevance of our brands through effective marketing and other measures. From time to time, our customers reevaluate their mix of product offerings, and consumers have the option to purchase private label or other competitive products instead of our branded products. In the event that we are unable to supply our products to customers in the time frame and quantities that they desire, whether due to increased demand or other factors, our customers may discontinue all or a portion of their purchases from us and source competitive brands. Certain competitors may also be more successful at utilizing data analytics, artificial intelligence, and other new and emerging technologies and digital experiences as part of their advertising practices. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances (including artificial intelligence and machine learning, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and negatively impact our product sales. If a significant portion of our branded business was switched to private label or competitive products, it could have a material negative impact on our Consumer segment. Our reputation for manufacturing high-quality products is widely recognized. In order to safeguard that reputation, we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our products. A serious breach of our quality assurance or quality control procedures, deterioration of our quality image, impairment of our customer or consumer relationships or failure to adequately protect the relevance of our brands may lead to litigation, customers purchasing from our competitors or consumers purchasing other brands or private label items that may or may not be manufactured by us, any of which could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The food industry generally is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination, product tampering, product recall, import alerts and consumer product liability claims. For instance, we may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled, contaminated or damaged. Additionally, certain of our raw materials could be blocked from entering the country if they were subject to government-imposed actions. We have and may continue to become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products could cause injury or illness, or that any of our products are mislabeled or fail to meet applicable legal requirements (even if the allegation is untrue). A product recall, import alert or an adverse result in any such litigation, or negative perceptions regarding food products and ingredients, could result in our having to pay fines or damages, incur additional costs or cause customers and consumers in our principal markets to lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products or ingredients, any of which could have a negative effect on our business or financial results and, depending upon the significance of the affected product, that negative effect could be material to our business or financial results. Negative publicity about these concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage customers and consumers from buying our products or cause disruptions in production or distribution of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 7 The rising popularity of social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination (whether or not accurate), and, as a result, negative, inaccurate, or misleading posts or comments on websites may generate adverse publicity that could damage our reputation or brands. Customer consolidation, consumer behaviors, and competitive, economic and other pressures facing our customers, may impact our financial condition or results of operations. A number of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have consolidated in recent years and consolidation could continue. Such consolidation could present a challenge to margin growth and profitability in that it has produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories; resisting price increases; demanding lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products; and shifting shelf space currently used for our products to private label and other competitive products. The economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing, such as the emergence of new sales channels like e-commerce, and our customers' responses to those changes could impact our business. The continued growth of e-commerce, which has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, and its impact of consumer habits and preferences has accelerated in many of the markets we serve and our financial results may be impacted if we are unable to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics. In addition, our Flavor Solutions segment may be impacted if the reputation or perception of the customers of our Flavor Solutions segment declines. These factors could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have a number of major customers, including two large customers that, in the aggregate, constituted approximately 24% of consolidated sales in 2025. The loss of either of these large customers due to events beyond our control, or a material negative change in our relationship with these large customers or other major customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Issues regarding procurement of raw materials may negatively impact us. Our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by inflationary pressures, weather, growing and harvesting conditions, climate change, market conditions, governmental actions including global trade policies and other factors beyond our control, including outbreaks of illnesses, pandemics or other local or global health issues. The most significant raw materials used by us in our business are dairy products, pepper, garlic, onion, capsicums (red peppers and paprika), salt, tomato products, sugar, and soybean oil. While future price movements of raw material costs are uncertain, we seek to mitigate the market price risk in a number of ways, including strategic raw material purchases, purchases of raw material for future delivery, customer price adjustments and cost savings from our CCI program and other streamlining initiatives. In addition, we enter into financial hedging derivative transactions based on forecasted soybean oil purchases. Other than the soybean oil hedging transactions, we generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. Any actions we take in response to market price fluctuations may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in raw material prices. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future raw material price fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. In addition, we may have very little opportunity to mitigate the risk of availability of certain raw materials due to the effect of weather on crop yield, fire, natural disasters, growing and harvesting conditions, government actions, political unrest in producing countries, action or inaction by suppliers in response to laws and regulations, changes in agricultural programs and other factors beyond our control. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future raw material availability will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. Political, socio-economic, cultural, and geopolitical conditions, as well as disruptions caused by terrorist activities or otherwise, could also create additional risks for regulatory compliance. Although we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our imported products, we cannot provide assurance that such events will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 8 Changes in global trade policies have impacted and may continue to impact our financial condition or results of operations. Changes in global trade policies, including tariffs, have caused inflationary pressures and higher costs on certain raw materials and imports. These actions have impacted our business through increased costs and uncertainty. If maintained, the tariffs, as well as related measures that have been taken and which could be taken by other countries in the future could pose a risk to our business and results of operations. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as legal challenges to the applicability of these tariffs, negotiations between affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions, exclusions or other relief that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Our attempts to offset these pressures through supply chain management initiatives and increases in the selling prices of some of our products may not be successful or may result in reductions in sales volume. To the extent these actions are not sufficient to offset increase costs or result in significant decreases in sales volume, our business, financial condition, or operating results may be adversely affected. Disruption of our supply chain could adversely affect our business. Our ability to make, move, and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to or reduction or termination of raw material supplies or our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, climate change, natural disaster, fire, international disputes, geopolitical tensions or conflict, terrorism, cyber-attack, health epidemics, pandemics or other contagious outbreaks, governmental restrictions or mandates, strikes, import/export restrictions, global trade policies, or other factors could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Production of certain of our products is highly concentrated, and some are manufactured at a single location. The failure of third parties on which we rely, including those third parties who supply our ingredients, packaging, capital equipment and other necessary operating materials, contract manufacturers, commercial transport, distributors, contractors, and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, may negatively impact our operations. Our suppliers policies and practices can damage our reputation and the quality and safety of our products. Disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is manufactured from a single location, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. Moreover, short term or sustained increases in consumer demand at our customers may exceed our production capacity or otherwise strain our supply chain. Our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover and labor cost increases or any failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce. Labor is a primary component of operating our business. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs such as hybrid or remote work arrangements, higher unemployment subsidies, other government regulations and general macroeconomic factors. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates and employee benefits costs to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by truck. Reduced availability of trucking capacity due to shortages of drivers has caused an increase in the cost of transportation for us and our suppliers. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 9 We may not be able to increase prices to fully offset inflationary and other pressures on costs, such as raw and packaging materials, labor and distribution costs, which may impact our financial condition or results of operations. As a manufacturer and distributor of flavor products, we rely on raw materials, packaging materials, plant labor, distribution resources, and transportation providers. We have experienced inflation of commodity and supply chain costs, including the costs of raw materials, packaging materials, labor, energy, fuel, transportation and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products, and we expect inflation to continue in 2026 at a similar level to that experienced in 2025 . I n addition, many of these materials and costs are subject to price fluctuations from a number of factors, including, but not limited to, market conditions, demand for raw materials, weather, growing and harvesting conditions, climate change, energy costs, currency fluctuations, supplier capacities, governmental actions, import and export requirements, global trade policies (including tariffs and retaliatory measures), armed hostilities (including the ongoing geopolitical conflicts) and other factors beyond our control. Our attempts to offset these cost pressures, such as through increases in the selling prices of some of our products, may not be successful. Higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. Consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forego some purchases altogether, during an economic downturn or times of increased inflationary pressure. To the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset these increased costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our business, financial condition or operating results may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may not be able to fully offset any cost increases through our productivity or efficiency initiatives. Our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets. The food industry is intensely competitive. Competition in our product categories is based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Weak economic conditions, recessions, significant inflation and other factors, such as pandemics, could affect consumer preferences and demand. From time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or significant inflation, which may adversely affect our profitability. Such pressures could reduce our ability to take appropriate remedial action to address commodity and other cost increases. Changing political and geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and the related implications may negatively impact our operations. Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing geopolitical conditions, including conflicts, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results. Results of elections, referendums, sanctions or other political processes and pressures in certain markets in which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed have created and could continue to create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental policies, laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, tariffs, import and export controls and the general movement of goods, materials, services, capital, data and people between countries. The global economy has been negatively impacted by changing political and geopolitical conditions, including conflicts. Our business, financial condition and results of operations have been impacted in the past and may be impacted in the future by disruptions in the global economy associated with these changes in political and geopolitical conditions. Geopolitical instability has, and could result in, a negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship products to, collect payments from, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, and logistics restrictions, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from supply chain and logistical challenges. The scope and duration of such conflicts are uncertain, rapidly changing, and hard to predict. While we expect the impacts of these conflicts to continue to have an effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time. Further changes in political and geopolitical conditions, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain operations. In addition, the effects of these political and geopolitical conditions could also heighten many of the other RISK FACTORS described herein. 10 Our operations may be impaired as a result of disasters, business interruptions or similar events. We could have an interruption in our business, loss of inventory or data, or be rendered unable to accept and fulfill customer orders as a result of a natural disaster, catastrophic event, epidemic, computer system failure, or cyber-attack. Natural disasters could include an earthquake, fire, floods, drought, tornado, hurricane or severe storm. A catastrophic event could include a terrorist attack. A health epidemic, pandemic, or other contagious outbreak could affect our operations, major facilities or employees and consumers health. In addition, some of our inventory and production facilities are located in areas that are susceptible to harsh weather; a severe storm, flood, wildfires, heavy snowfall or other similar event could prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas. Production of certain of our products is highly concentrated, and some are manufactured at a single location. We cannot provide assurance that our disaster recovery plan will address all of the issues we may encounter in the event of a disaster or other unanticipated issue, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur from any of the foregoing. In the event that a natural disaster, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event were to destroy any part of our facilities or interrupt our operations for any extended period of time, or prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner, our business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully consummate and manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities which could have an impact on our results. From time to time, we may, based on an evaluation of our business portfolio, acquire other businesses and/or divest existing businesses. These acquisitions, such as the additional 25% incremental ownership acquired in McCormick de Mexico on January 2, 2026, joint ventures and divestitures may present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, increased expenses and raw material costs, assumption of unknown liabilities and indemnities, and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. In addition, we may be required to incur asset impairment charges (including charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets) in connection with acquired businesses, which may reduce our profitability. If we are unable to consummate such transactions, or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings, our financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally, joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, and/or compliance risks. An impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could adversely affect our results. As of November 30, 2025, we had approximately $5.3 billion of goodwill and approximately $3.0 billion of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. We test goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to the unit's fair value. Similarly, we test indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of those assets to their carrying values. If the carrying values of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets exceed their fair value, the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are considered impaired and reduced to their estimated fair value. Factors that could result in an impairment include a change in revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions, higher income tax rates, or assumed royalty rates. The impairment of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets would have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations. Streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness may have a negative effect on employee relations. We regularly evaluate whether to implement changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness, and we expect to continue to evaluate such actions in the future. From time to time, those changes are of such significance that we may transfer production from one manufacturing facility to another; transfer certain selling and administrative functions from one location to another; eliminate certain manufacturing, selling and administrative positions; and exit certain businesses or lines of business. These actions may result in a deterioration of employee relations at the impacted locations or elsewhere in our business. 11 If we are unable to fully realize the benefits from our CCI program or streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve our competitiveness, our financial results could be negatively affected. Our future success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry, including our plan to eliminate costs under our CCI program. Any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies under our CCI program, an ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization, or other similar programs, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Fluctuations in foreign currency markets may negatively impact us. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the effects of foreign currency on loans between subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and on cash flows related to repatriation of earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. We have both translation and transaction exposures to the fluctuation of exchange rates. Translation exposures relate to exchange rate impacts of measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries that do not use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency. Transaction exposures relate to the impact from input costs that are denominated in a currency other than the local reporting currency and the revaluation of transaction-related working capital balances or loans between subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Historically, weakening of certain foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar have resulted in significant foreign exchange impacts leading to lower net sales, net earnings and cash flows. Primary exposures include the U.S. dollar versus the Euro, British pound sterling, Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Polish zloty, Singapore dollar, Swiss franc, and Mexican peso, as well as the Euro versus the British pound sterling and Australian dollar, and Polish zloty. We routinely enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to facilitate managing certain of these foreign currency risks. However, these contracts may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to a decline in operating results due to foreign currency exchange changes. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business, financial position or operating results. We face risks associated with certain pension assets and obligations. We hold investments in equity and debt securities in our qualified defined benefit pension plans and in a rabbi trust for our U.S. non-qualified pension plan. Deterioration in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn or otherwise, or an increase in the actuarial valuation of the plans' liability due to a low interest rate environment, could cause (or increase) an underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans, thereby increasing our obligation to make contributions to the plans. An obligation to make contributions to pension plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses, and may have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity. Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unseasonable or unusual weather or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of spices, herbs and other raw materials. Scientific consensus shows that greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters, which may result in more intense effects. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity or practices, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products. As a result of climate change, we may also be subjected to decreased availability of water, deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water, which could adversely impact our manufacturing and distribution operations. In addition, such climate change may result in modifications to the eating preferences of the ultimate consumers of certain of our products, which may also unfavorably impact our sales and profitability. The physical effects and transitional costs of climate change and the legal, regulatory or market initiatives to address climate change could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There has been an increased focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing, cap and trade systems, or carbon taxes) and imposing mandatory reporting requirements, energy policies, and sustainability. Increased compliance costs and expenses due to the impacts of climate change and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change that are designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the 12 costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes in our business operations and strategy, which will likely require us to devote substantial time and attention to these matters and cause us to incur additional costs. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties or potential litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Additionally, we might fail to effectively address increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. Such failure, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly regarding climate change, whether or not valid, or based in fact, could result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business and reputation. Moreover, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments, including to reduce our impact on the environment. For example, we established science-based target 2025 2030 goals for Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards and changing business dynamics including acquisitions. Furthermore, standards for tracking and reporting such matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting these data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations (including from acquisitions and divestitures), and other changes in circumstances, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. If we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report our progress toward achieving these goals and commitments, it could negatively affect consumer or customer preference for our products or investor confidence in our stock, as well as expose us to enforcement actions and litigation. In addition, we could be criticized by those opposed to environmental and sustainability efforts for the scope or nature of our initiatives or goals or for any revisions to these goals. We could also be subjected to negative responses by governmental actors (such as legislation or retaliatory legislative treatment) or consumers (such as boycotts or negative publicity campaigns) that could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance and growth. Climate change and sustainability issues may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their sustainability policies. If we are unable to meet our goals or evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and standards related to these issues, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for these issues or negative incidents, it could erode customer confidence and customers and consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from another company or a competitor, and our reputation, business or financial condition may be adversely affected. Increased focus and activism on these topics may hinder our access to capital, as investors may reconsider their capital investment as a result of their assessment of our practices. In particular, these constituencies are increasingly focusing on environmental issues, including climate change, water use, deforestation, plastic waste, and other sustainability concerns. Changing consumer preferences may result in increased demands regarding plastics and packaging materials, including single-use and non-recyclable plastic packaging, and other components of our products and their environmental impact on sustainability; a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients; or increased consumer concerns or perceptions (whether accurate or inaccurate) regarding the effects of ingredients or substances present in certain consumer products. These demands could impact the profitability of some of our products or cause us to incur additional costs, to make changes to our operations to make additional commitments, set targets or establish additional goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risk. 13 In addition to environmental issues these constituencies are also focused on social and other governance issues, including matters such as, but not limited to, human capital and social issues. We have established initiatives that extend from individuals to entire communities, including those we serve and, just as importantly, those from which we source. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain the best executive and employee talent, especially in light of changing worker expectations and talent marketplace variability regarding flexible and hybrid work models, relating to fostering inclusive culture for all employees could impact our ability to achieve our business objectives and adversely affect our future success. Concern over climate change, including plastics and packaging materials, in particular, may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements. Increased regulatory requirements related to environmental causes, and related disclosure rules may result in increased compliance costs or increased costs of energy, raw materials or compliance with emissions standards, which may cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products or an increase in operating costs. Any failure to achieve our goals or a perception (whether or not valid) of our failure to act responsibly with respect to the environmental, human capital, or social issues, or to effectively respond to new, or changes in, legal or regulatory requirements concerning environmental or other sustainability matters, or increased operating or manufacturing costs due to increased regulation or environmental causes could adversely affect our business and reputation and increase risk of litigation. Risks Relating to Credit and Capital Markets, Our Credit Rating, Borrowings and Dividends Increases in interest rates or changes in our credit ratings may negatively impact us. On November 30, 2025, we had total outstanding variable rate debt of approximately $351.8 million at a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 4.06%. The interest rates under our revolving credit facilities can vary based on our credit ratings. We also regularly access the commercial paper markets for ongoing funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Additionally, disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit markets could also reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs. Our policy is to manage our interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. We also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing cost and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. On November 30, 2025, we had total outstanding fixed to variable interest rate swaps with a notional value of $500 million. We utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk, including interest rate exposures that exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes, nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instruments. Our use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the utilization of written guidelines. However, our use of these instruments may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in interest rates. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future credit rating or interest rate changes will not have a material negative impact on our business, financial position or operating results. Our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. Our credit ratings reflect each rating organization's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. Any reduction in our credit ratings may limit our ability to borrow as well as the interest rates that are associated with any such borrowing. If our credit ratings are downgraded or put on watch for a potential downgrade, we may not be able to sell additional debt securities or borrow money in the amounts, at the times or interest rates, or upon the more favorable terms and conditions that might be available if our current credit ratings were maintained. We may incur additional indebtedness to finance our acquisitions that may limit our ability to, among other matters, issue additional indebtedness, meet our debt service requirements, react to rising interest rates, comply with certain covenants and compete with less highly leveraged competitors. We have a significant amount of indebtedness outstanding. As of November 30, 2025, our indebtedness of McCormick and its subsidiaries is approximately $4.0 billion. This substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences to our business, including, but not limited to: increasing our debt service obligations, making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; increasing our exposure to negative fluctuations in interest rates; subjecting us to financial and other restrictive covenants, the non-compliance with which could result in an event of default; 14 increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and industry conditions; limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors, to the extent that they are not as highly leveraged. The deterioration of credit and capital markets may adversely affect our access to sources of funding. We rely on our revolving credit facilities, or borrowings backed by these facilities, to fund a portion of our working capital needs and other general corporate purposes, including funding of acquisitions. If any of the banks in the syndicates backing these facilities were unable to perform on its commitments, our liquidity could be impacted, which could adversely affect funding of seasonal working capital requirements. We engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. During these communications, none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition, we periodically review our banking and financing relationships, considering the stability of the institutions, pricing we receive on services and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities, we believe the likelihood of one of our banks not performing on its commitment is remote. In addition, global capital markets have experienced volatility in the past, including related to recession, financial instability or inflation, that has tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding, and such volatility and tightened access could reoccur in the future. In the event that we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period. Our inability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period could have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity. Uncertain global economic conditions expose us to credit risks from customers and counterparties. Consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers, some of which are highly leveraged. In addition, competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels through our customer base. These factors have caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Current credit markets are volatile, and some of our customers and counterparties are highly leveraged. A significant adverse change in the financial and/or credit position of a customer or counterparty could require us to assume greater credit risk relating to that customer or counterparty and could limit our ability to collect receivables. This could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and liquidity. The declaration, payment and amount of dividends is made at the discretion of our board of directors and depends on a number of factors. The declaration, payment and amount of any dividends is made pursuant to our dividend policy and is subject to final determination each quarter by our board of directors in its discretion based on a number of factors that it deems relevant, including our financial position, results of operations, available cash resources, cash requirements and alternative uses of cash that our board of directors may conclude would be in the best interest of the company and our stockholders. Our dividend payments are subject to solvency conditions established by the Maryland General Corporation Law. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any future dividends will be equal or similar in amount to any dividends previously paid or that our board of directors will not decide to reduce, suspend or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time in the future. Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology, and Cybersecurity Our intellectual property rights, and those of our customers, could be infringed, challenged or impaired, and reduce the value of our products and brands or our business with customers. We possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business, and we are provided access by certain customers to particular intellectual property rights belonging to such customers. These intellectual property rights include ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets which are important to our business and relate to some of our products, our packaging, the processes for their production, and the design and operation of equipment used in our businesses. We protect our intellectual property rights, and those of certain customers, globally through a variety of means, including trademarks, copyrights, patents and trade secrets, third-party assignments and nondisclosure agreements, and monitoring of third-party misuses of intellectual property in traditional retail and digital environments. If we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual 15 property (and the intellectual property of customers to which we have been given access), the value of our products and brands could be reduced and there could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations and reputation may be impaired if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or if we are the subject of a data breach or cyber-attack. Our information technology systems are critically important to operating our business. We rely on our information technology systems, some of which are or may be managed or hosted by or outsourced to third party service providers, to manage our business data, communications, supply chain, order entry and fulfillment, and other business processes. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, sustain, and protect appropriate information technology systems and infrastructure, or we do not effectively implement system upgrades or oversee third party service providers, our business or financial results could be negatively impacted. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction or reporting errors, processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales and customers, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. Furthermore, our information technology systems, and the systems of our customers, vendors, suppliers, and other third-party service providers, are subject to cyber-attacks or other security incidents including computer viruses or other malicious codes, phishing attacks, unauthorized access attempts, cyber extortion, business email compromise, deepfake or social engineering schemes, denial of service attacks, hacking, ransomware, or other cyberattacks attempting to exploit vulnerabilities. Cybercriminals have increasingly demonstrated advanced capabilities, such as use of zero-day vulnerabilities, and rapid integration of new technology such as generative artificial intelligence. Such incidents could result in unauthorized access to information including customer, consumer or other company confidential data as well as disruptions to operations. Continued geopolitical conflicts have overall heightened the risk of cyberattacks. We, and the third-parties we do business with, have experienced in the past, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity threats and attacks, although to date none had a material impact on our operations or business. To address the risks to our information technology systems and data, we maintain an information security program that includes updating technology, developing security policies and procedures, implementing and assessing the effectiveness of controls, monitoring and routine testing of our information systems, conducting risk assessments of third-party service providers and designing business processes to mitigate the risk of such breaches. We believe that these preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cybersecurity risks. However, cyber-threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more sophisticated including through the increased adoption of artificial intelligence and are being made by groups of individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. There can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. Moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures require continuous monitoring as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures evolve and leverage artificial intelligence. Additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology processes and functions, which makes our operations vulnerable to a failure by any one of these vendors to perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls. If we are unable to prevent or adequately respond to and resolve an incident, it may have a material, negative impact on our operations or business reputation, and we may experience other adverse consequences such as loss of assets, remediation costs, litigation, regulatory investigations, and the failure by us to retain or attract customers following such an event. If we are not able to successfully implement our business transformation initiative or utilize information technology systems and networks effectively, our ability to conduct our business may be negatively impacted. We continue to implement our multi-year business transformation initiative to execute significant change to our global processes, capabilities and operating model , including in our Global Business Services (GBS) operating model initiative, in order to provide a scalable platform for future growth, while reducing costs. As technology provides the backbone for greater process alignment, information sharing and scalability, we are also making investments in our information systems, including the multi-year program to replace our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system currently underway, which includes the transformation of our financial processing systems to enterprise-wide systems solutions. These systems implementations are part of our ongoing business transformation initiative, and we currently plan to implement these systems throughout all parts of our businesses. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, it may impact our ability to process 16 transactions accurately and efficiently and remain in step with the changing needs of our business, which could result in the loss of customers and revenue. In addition, failure to either deliver the applications on time or anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers and revenue. In connection with these implementations and resulting business process changes, we continue to enhance the design and documentation of business processes and controls, including our internal control over financial reporting processes, to maintain effective controls over our financial reporting. We utilize cloud-based services and systems and networks managed by third-party vendors to process, transmit and store information and to conduct certain of our business activities and transactions with employees, customers, vendors and other third parties. Our utilization of these cloud-based services and systems will increase as we implement our business transformation initiatives. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service-level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. Depending on the function involved, such errors may also lead to business disruption, processing inefficiencies, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation or remediation costs, or damage to our reputation, which could have a negative impact on employee morale. In addition, the management of multiple third-party service providers increases operational complexity and decreases our control. Risks Related to Our Global Business, Litigation, Laws and Regulations Laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. Food products are extensively regulated in most of the countries in which we sell our products. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the growing, sourcing, manufacturing, storage, labeling, marketing, advertising and distribution of food products, as well as laws and regulations relating to financial reporting requirements, the environment, consumer protection, product design, competition, anti-corruption, privacy, machine learning and artificial intelligence, relations with distributors and retailers, foreign supplier verification, customs and trade laws, including the import and export of products and product ingredients, employment, and health and safety. Changes in global trade policies, including tariffs, have impacted and may continue to impact our financial condition or results of operations. Enforcement of existing laws and regulations, including changes in the enforcement priorities of regulators, changes in legal requirements, and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations, financial or otherwise, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Increased regulatory scrutiny of, and increased litigation involving, product claims and concerns regarding the attributes of food products and ingredients may increase compliance costs and create other obligations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Governments may also impose requirements and restrictions that impact our business, such as labeling disclosures pertaining to ingredients. For example, "Proposition 65, the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986," in California exposes all food companies to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in that state. If we were required to add warning labels to any of our products or place warnings in locations where our products are sold in order to comply with Proposition 65, the sales of those products and other products of our company could suffer, not only in those locations but elsewhere. We are subject to continued legislative and regulatory developments with respect to food ingredients at the state and federal levels, as well as related changes in consumer expectations and behavior. In April 2025, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) called on the industry to phase out all petroleum-based synthetic dyes from the nation s food supply, and in May 2025, the Make America Healthy Again (MAHA) Commission published an assessment report discussing factors contributing to chronic childhood disease including diet, environmental exposure, lack of physical activity and healthcare. The MAHA Commission publicly released its strategy report, setting forth certain recommendations for addressing chronic childhood disease, in September 2025. While the effects of these proposals remain uncertain at this time, changes to laws and regulations could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there are various compliance obligations for companies that process personal data of certain individuals, including such obligations required by the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which affects all member states of the European Economic Area, and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and other state comprehensive privacy laws. These types of data privacy laws create a range of compliance obligations for companies that process personal data of certain individuals and increases financial penalties for non-compliance. We expect there will continue to be new, and amendments to existing, laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Our efforts to comply with these privacy and data protection laws may not be successful, or may 17 be perceived to be unsuccessful, which could adversely affect our business in the U.S., the European Union and in other countries. There also is the threat of consumer class actions related to these laws and the overall protection of personal data. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and our business. Litigation, legal or administrative proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition or damage our reputation. We are party to a variety of legal claims and proceedings in the ordinary course of business. In addition, we may be subject to additional kinds of claims in the future, including consumer class actions related to privacy and data security and the overall protection of personal data. Since litigation is inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings, or that management s assessment of the materiality or immateriality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection with such matters, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such claims or proceedings. In the event that management s assessment of the materiality or immateriality of current claims and proceedings proves inaccurate, or litigation that is material arises in the future, there may be a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal or administrative proceedings (even if untrue) may also adversely affect our reputation. These factors and others could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition or damage our reputation. Our international and cross-border operations are subject to additional risks. We operate our business and market our products internationally. In fiscal year 2025, approximately 39% of our sales were generated in countries other than the U.S. Our international operations are subject to additional risks, including fluctuations in currency values, foreign currency exchange controls, discriminatory fiscal policies, compliance with U.S. and foreign laws, enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions and other economic or political uncertainties. Several countries within the European Union continue to experience sovereign debt and credit issues, which causes more volatility in the economic environment throughout the European Union and the U.K. Additionally, sales in countries other than the U.S., together with finished goods and raw materials imported into the U.S., are subject to risks related to fundamental changes to tax laws as well as the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other similar restrictions. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, which could adversely affect our profitability. The global nature of our business, changes in tax legislation and the resolution of tax uncertainties create volatility in our effective tax rate. As a global business, our tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors, including changes in tax legislation, our global mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, acquisitions and dispositions, adjustments to our reserves related to uncertain tax positions, changes in valuation allowances, and the portion of the income of international subsidiaries that we expect to remit to the U.S. and that will be taxable. In addition, significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when, despite the belief that our tax return positions are appropriately supported, the positions are uncertain. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to those accruals, including related interest and penalties, as considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. 
