. RISK FACTORS This section describes certain risks we face in our business. Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business. If any of the events or circumstances described in this section actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could suffer, and the market price of our common stock could decline. In assessing these risks, investors should also refer to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Strategic Transaction Risks As part of our business strategy, we have consummated and may continue to pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions, which may be challenging and costly to identify and complete, disruptive to our business and our management, and/or dilutive to stockholder value. As part of our business strategy, we have consummated and may continue to pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions. Our most recent acquisition of Atotech Limited ( Atotech ) in August 2022 (the Atotech Acquisition ) significantly increased our size, including with respect to revenue, product offerings, technologies, employees, facilities, and geographic and market exposure. Our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition targets, complete acquisitions on acceptable terms, and efficiently, effectively and profitably integrate and operate our acquired businesses, is critical to our growth. We may not be able to identify target companies that meet our strategic objectives or successfully negotiate and complete acquisitions with companies we have identified on acceptable terms. Further, we may incur significant expense in pursuing acquisitions that cannot be 12 completed, or are significantly delayed, due to regulatory or other restrictions. Additionally, our Credit Facilities (as defined below) only permit us to make acquisitions under certain circumstances and also restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness in certain circumstances. As a result, our acquisition strategy may be hindered by our indebtedness. Moreover, we may not realize the benefits we anticipate from these acquisitions because of potentially significant challenges, such as: The difficulty, distraction, disruption, resource requirements and cost of developing sufficient knowledge of, managing, and integrating the operations, personnel, and internal controls, financial reporting and information technology ( IT ) systems of the acquired companies; The disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; Internal control or other compliance weaknesses of the acquired companies; Significant expenses related to the acquisitions, including any resulting shareholder litigation; The assumption of unknown or contingent liabilities associated with the acquired companies; Incompatible cultural differences between us and the acquired companies; The difficulty of incorporating the acquired companies' technology and products into our current and future product lines, and successfully generating market demand for these expanded product lines; Additional geographic dispersion of operations and/or increased exposure to high-risk geographies; The difficulty in achieving anticipated synergies and efficiencies; The difficulty in leveraging the acquired companies' and our combined technologies and capabilities across our product lines and customer base; Burdensome requirements or conditions imposed by government regulators in connection with their review of acquisitions, including divestitures and restrictions on the conduct of our business or the business of the acquired companies; Competitive disadvantages we may face by selling products that are new to us and/or selling products in markets and geographies that are new to us; The difficulty of retaining key customers, suppliers and employees of the acquired companies; and Incurring or recording significant cash or non-cash charges or writing down the carrying value of intangible assets and goodwill obtained in the acquisitions, which could adversely impact our cash flow or lower our earnings. For example, in 2023, we recorded impairments of $1.9 billion in goodwill and intangible assets obtained in the Atotech Acquisition and the acquisition of Electro Scientific Industries, Inc. ( ESI ), which we acquired in 2019 (the ESI Acquisition ). In addition, if we do not successfully complete acquisitions or integrate acquired businesses, we may need to re-evaluate our growth strategy. We may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management time and resources to complete acquisitions that may not generate the financial results we planned to achieve. In addition, we could use substantial portions of our available cash for all or a portion of the purchase price of future acquisitions. We could also issue additional securities as consideration for or to finance these acquisitions, which could cause significant stockholder dilution, or obtain additional debt financing, which would increase our costs, reduce our cash flow and subject us to covenants and other restrictions that may impede our ability to manage our operations, without achieving the desired accretion to our business. As a result of previous acquisitions, we have several different decentralized operating and accounting systems. We will need to continue to modify our accounting policies, internal controls, procedures and compliance programs to provide consistency across our operations. In order to increase efficiency and operating effectiveness and improve corporate visibility into our decentralized operations, we continue to review opportunities to integrate enterprise resource planning systems or deploy data consolidation tools where practical. Any such systems changes may disrupt our operations during the conversion periods and may require significantly more management time and higher implementation costs than anticipated. We may also choose to close or divest certain of our product lines or business units that do not fit into our strategic plan. Divestitures involve additional risks and uncertainties, such as the ability to sell such businesses on satisfactory price and terms and in a timely manner, or at all, disruption to other parts of the businesses and distraction of management, allocation of internal resources that would otherwise be devoted to completing strategic acquisitions or other strategic projects or initiatives, loss of key employees or customers, loss of access to critical intellectual property ( IP ) or other assets transferred with the divested business, exposure to 13 unanticipated liabilities or ongoing obligations to support the businesses following such divestitures, decreases in revenue and earnings associated with such businesses, and other adverse financial impacts. Financial Risks Our substantial consolidated indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by increasing our interest expense and decreasing our business flexibility. We have substantial consolidated indebtedness. As of February 4, 2026, we had approximately $1.6 billion of principal indebtedness outstanding under a senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility ) comprised of two tranches: a $914 million loan (the USD Tranche B ) and a 587 million loan (the Euro Tranche B ). As of February 4, 2026, we also had $1.0 billion of available borrowing capacity under a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and together with the Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities ). On May 16, 2024, we completed a private offering of $1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2030 (the Convertible Notes ), and used approximately $1.2 billion of the proceeds to partially repay borrowings under the USD Tranche B. On February 4, 2026, we completed a private offering of 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2034 (the 2034 Notes ), and used the net proceeds thereof, together with cash on hand, to partially repay approximately $1.3 billion of borrowings under the USD Tranche B. This level of indebtedness could have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business, industry and economic conditions, limiting our ability to obtain financing in the future and increasing interest expense. We have also incurred and will continue to incur various costs and expenses associated with our indebtedness. The amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels, and the demands on our cash resources that come from that debt, are significant. Our level of indebtedness could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages relative to other companies with lower debt levels. If our financial performance does not meet our expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted. With respect to the Convertible Notes, the accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Convertible Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. Furthermore, in the event the conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes is triggered, holders of Convertible Notes will be entitled to convert the Convertible Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we would be required to settle any converted principal in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we would be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture with respect to the 2034 Notes) occurs prior to the maturity of the 2034 Notes, holders of the 2034 Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their 2034 Notes. In addition, if a fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes, holders of the Convertible Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes. In addition, if a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes, we will in some cases be required to increase the conversion rate for a holder that elects to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Furthermore, the indentures governing the Convertible Notes and the 2034 Notes prohibit us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Convertible Notes, the 2034 Notes and the indentures, as applicable. These and other provisions in the indentures could deter or prevent a third party from acquiring us even when the acquisition may be favorable to investors. Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur more indebtedness. Although our debt agreements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, and thus, additional indebtedness may be incurred in compliance with these restrictions. This could further exacerbate the risks we describe. Moreover, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. Our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The terms of our Term Loan Facility, Revolving Facility and 2034 Notes impose significant financial obligations and risks upon us, limit our ability to take certain actions, and could discourage a change in control. 14 As of February 4, 2026, the total principal balance of our USD Tranche B was $914 million, and the total principal balance of our Euro Tranche B was 587 million. As of February 4, 2026, our Revolving Facility provided us with a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $1.0 billion. We have not borrowed against our Revolving Facility as of February 4, 2026. Additionally, on February 4, 2026, we completed a private offering of 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2034 Notes. All amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Facility bear interest at a variable interest rate. Although we hedge some of the variable interest rate exposure, if interest rates increase, debt service requirements on our variable rate debt will increase. Further interest rate increases, if they occur and we do not hedge such variable rates, will create higher debt service requirements, which would adversely affect our cash flows. In addition, changes in our credit ratings could affect the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. The ratings of our indebtedness reflect each nationally recognized statistical rating organization s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. We cannot make any assurances that we will achieve or maintain a particular rating. Our Term Loan Facility and Revolving Facility contain several negative covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict our ability and/or our subsidiaries ability to: Incur additional indebtedness; Pay certain dividends on our capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire certain capital stock or certain other indebtedness; Make certain investments, loans and acquisitions; Engage in certain transactions with our affiliates; Sell assets, including capital stock of our subsidiaries; Materially alter the business we conduct; Consolidate or merge; Incur liens; and Engage in sale-leaseback transactions. In addition, our 2034 Notes contain negative covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict our ability and/or our subsidiaries ability to: Consolidate or merge; and Incur liens. In addition, our Revolving Facility requires that we meet a financial covenant based on a consolidated leverage ratio test in certain circumstances. Under our Revolving Facility, whenever the aggregate amount of loans outstanding under the Revolving Facility (net of (a) all letters of credit (whether cash collateralized or not) and (b) unrestricted cash of us and our restricted subsidiaries) exceeds 35% of the aggregate commitments under the Revolving Facility, our total net leverage ratio cannot exceed 6.00 to 1.00. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. These restrictions on our ability to engage in or benefit from these actions may also limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in and opportunities for our business, such as limiting our ability to engage in mergers and acquisitions. This could place us at a competitive disadvantage. If the matters described in our other RISK FACTORS result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results, we may be unable to comply with the terms of the Credit Facilities or experience an event of default. Our Term Loan Facility and Revolving Facility contain customary events of default, including: Failure to make required payments; Failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants; Materially breaching any representation or warranty; Failure to pay, or otherwise causing the acceleration of, certain other indebtedness; Certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency; Failure to pay certain judgments; and A change in control of us. 15 Our 2034 Notes contain customary events of default, including: Failure to make required payments; Failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants; Failure to pay, or otherwise causing the acceleration of, certain other indebtedness; Certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency; and Failure to pay certain judgments. The amount of cash available to us for repayment of amounts owed under the Credit Facilities and the 2034 Notes will depend on our usage of our existing cash balances and our operating performance and ability to generate cash flows from operations, which will be subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot provide any assurances that we will generate sufficient cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations. Any failure to repay these obligations as they become due would result in an event of default under the Credit Facilities and the 2034 Notes. If an event of default occurs under the Credit Facilities, the lenders may end their obligation to make loans to us under the Credit Facilities and may declare any outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facilities immediately due and payable. In addition, if an event of default occurs under the 2034 Notes, the trustee and holders thereof may declare any outstanding indebtedness under the 2034 Notes immediately due and payable. In such cases, we would need to obtain additional financing or significantly deplete our available cash, or both, to repay this indebtedness. Any additional financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, and significant depletion of our available cash would harm our ability to fund our operations or execute our broader corporate objectives. If we were unable to repay outstanding indebtedness following an event of default, then in addition to other available rights and remedies, the lenders could initiate foreclosure proceedings on substantially all of our assets. Any such foreclosure proceedings or other rights and remedies successfully implemented by the lenders in an event of default would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Further, because a change in control of us constitutes an event of default under the Credit Facilities, this may be a deterrent to some potential acquirers, as it would likely require an acquirer to repay any outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facilities. A material amount of our assets represents goodwill and intangible assets, against which we have recorded impairments in the past, and our net income may be significantly reduced by future impairments of these assets. As of December 31, 2025, our goodwill and intangible assets, net, represented approximately $4.7 billion, or 54%, of our total assets. Goodwill is generated as a result of our acquisitions when the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets we acquire. Intangible assets relate primarily to the developed technologies, customer relationships, trade names and trademarks acquired by us as part of our acquisitions. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to an impairment analysis at least annually based on the fair value of the reporting unit in which the respective goodwill and intangible assets are recorded. In addition, goodwill and intangible assets are subject to an impairment analysis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible assets might not be recoverable. In 2023, we recorded goodwill and intangible asset impairments of $1.9 billion following our annual impairment analysis and following certain triggering events. If market and economic conditions or business performance deteriorate, the likelihood we could record another impairment charge would increase. Any impairment charge could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results, including by significantly reducing our net income. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property Protection We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and data privacy threats and incidents, such as the ransomware event we identified in February 2023, and we are subject to restrictions and changes in laws and regulations governing data privacy and data protection, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on various IT networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to carry out and support virtually all business and operational activities. Many of these activities are processed via Software-as-a-Service ( SaaS ) products provided by third parties and hosted on their own networks and servers or on third-party networks and servers. The data on such IT networks and systems includes confidential information, personally identifiable information, transactional information and IP belonging to us and our employees, customers, suppliers and other business partners. We and our third-party administrators, vendors, customers and partners are subject to ongoing cybersecurity threats, including ransomware and other malware, hacking, phishing, smishing, denial of service attacks, employee errors or malfeasance, 16 telecommunication failures, system failures, natural disasters and other attacks and events. We cannot guarantee that these threats will not have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. For example, in February 2023, we identified that we had become subject to a ransomware event. Based on our investigation, we concluded ransomware actors encrypted certain of our systems by deploying malware. This incident required us to temporarily suspend operations at certain of our facilities and had a material impact during the three months ended March 31, 2023 on our ability to process orders, ship products and provide service to our Vacuum Solutions Division ( VSD ) and Photonics Solutions Division ( PSD ) customers. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred net costs related to the incident of approximately $15 million. In addition, as a result of the incident, we were previously subject to two lawsuits, and we may be subject to future litigation, investigations, claims or actions, in addition to fines, penalties, or other obligations related to impacted data, whether or not such data is misused. As we transition to using more cloud-based solutions that depend on the internet or other networks to operate, we may face additional or different cybersecurity and other data security threats, whether directly or through our third-party administrators, vendors and partners. As cybersecurity threats rapidly evolve and become increasingly difficult to detect and defend against, our current security controls and measures may not detect vulnerabilities or prevent cybersecurity incidents. These risks may be amplified by increased reliance on remote access to IT systems as a result of the use of SaaS software, cloud and remote services, and employees working remotely. Further, the use of AI by us, our customers, suppliers and other business partners and third-party providers may introduce vulnerabilities into our IT systems and data. AI may also be used by bad actors to identify vulnerabilities and carry out increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Additionally, we face the challenge of supporting and updating security protocols for, transitioning to or from, and integrating various IT and information management systems, including as a result of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures. The systems that we acquire or that are used by acquired entities or businesses may pose security risks of which we are unaware or unable to mitigate, particularly during the transition of these systems. The evolving regulatory landscape for data privacy presents a number of legal and operational challenges, and our efforts to comply with relevant regulations may be unsuccessful. For example, regulations in the European Union (the EU ) and China prohibit the transfer of personally identifiable information from their respective countries to other countries whose laws do not adequately protect personal data. The permitted approaches we use to transfer personally identifiable information from these countries may be invalidated by courts or regulatory bodies, requiring us to ascertain an alternative legal basis for such transfers. Additionally, based on our investigation of the 2023 ransomware event, we provided notifications to individuals and regulators in accordance with applicable laws after we became aware that the ransomware actors may have exfiltrated personal information from our systems. See We are exposed to various risks related to legal proceedings, including, for example, product liability claims, intellectual property infringement claims, regulatory claims, contractual claims and class action litigation, which if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our commercial relationships, business, financial condition and operating results below for more information regarding legal risks associated with privacy-related matters. A failure to comply with the evolving regulatory landscape, or a breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our customers, suppliers and other business partners, could disrupt our business, including business operations and manufacturing processes; result in the disclosure, misuse, corruption or loss of confidential or other valuable business information, including IP, personally identifiable information and other critical data of ours and our employees, customers, suppliers and other business partners; result in competitive disadvantages; damage our reputation; negatively affect our relationships with our employees, customers, suppliers and other business partners, including loss of confidence, which could lead to loss of or reduction in orders; divert the attention of management; cause losses; result in litigation, investigations or liability under contracts; require notifications to regulatory authorities and impacted individuals; result in significant penalties and/or fines from regulatory bodies, including pursuant to privacy laws and export control laws; add to the complexity of our compliance obligations; increase cybersecurity protection costs; and result in remediation costs. These adverse effects would likely be amplified in the event a breach of operational or security systems remains undetected for an extended period of time. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and data localization laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on marketing activities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. For example, as a result of the 2023 ransomware event, we incurred significant costs in connection with efforts to investigate the incident, assess the impact of the incident and recover our systems. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs to enhance our data security and protect our systems and data. However, we cannot eliminate every vulnerability, and similar incidents may occur in the future. Further, customers and third-party providers increasingly demand rigorous contractual provisions regarding privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, confidentiality, and IP, which may also increase our compliance burden and potential liability. Although we maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks, these costs, expenses, liabilities and other matters may not be adequately covered by insurance and may result in an increase in insurance costs or insurance not being available to us on economically feasible terms, or at all. Insurers may also deny us coverage as to any future claim. Any of these results could harm our business, financial condition and reputation. For additional information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, please refer to Part I, 
