. RISK FACTORS. Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, may materially affect actual results and are often outside of our control. We identify a number of these risks and uncertainties below. You should read the following RISK FACTORS carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. This Form 10-K contains statements concerning our expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by our use of words such as strategy, expects, continues, plans, anticipates, believes, will, estimates, forecasts, intends, projects, goals, objectives, guidance, targets and other words of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. If risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying estimates or assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from those anticipated. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in our securities. Under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we identify important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes, including with respect to our ability to achieve our Vision, to differ materially from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements we make. We elaborate on these important factors and the risks we face throughout this Form 10-K, particularly in the Executive Summary and Business Environment sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our segments in Item 7. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all factors and risks. Consequently, you should not consider the foregoing list to be complete. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as required by applicable law. Risks Relating to Our Business Business Operations Risks We may be unsuccessful in anticipating and responding to changes in adult nicotine consumer purchase behavior, including as a result of difficult economic conditions, and preferences, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Our operating companies portfolios of nicotine products are largely comprised of premium brands, such as Marlboro , Copenhagen and Skoal . The willingness of adult nicotine consumers to purchase premium brands is affected by macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and overall economic stability. In periods of economic uncertainty and high inflation, we have observed that adult nicotine consumers reduce consumption, purchase more discount brands and consider lower-priced nicotine products, increasing the market share of competitive discount products. If our operating companies are unable to take actions to mitigate the effects of inflationary pressures and other factors that contribute to their products industry volume decline rates, it could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position . For example, due to inflationary pressures and other adverse macroeconomic factors, our operating companies may be unable to sufficiently increase the prices of their premium products to offset volume declines from consumers down-trading to lower-priced competitive brands or moving across nicotine product categories. This inability to increase product prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. In addition, as adult nicotine consumer preferences evolve, consumers are increasingly moving across nicotine product categories, including selecting different categories of nicotine products than those they traditionally purchase and purchasing illicit flavored e-vapor 5 Table of Contents products. These evolving preferences have primarily resulted in domestic cigarette industry volume declines, which have negatively impacted our business. Our ability to effectively respond to new and evolving adult nicotine consumer purchase behavior catalyzed by challenging macroeconomic conditions and changes in adult nicotine consumer preferences depends on our ability to promote brand equity successfully among our premium and discount brands and broaden our product portfolios across price-points and categories, including by bringing to market new and innovative nicotine products that appeal to adult nicotine consumers. Our failure to do so or our failure to anticipate changing adult nicotine consumer preferences, improve productivity or protect or enhance margins through cost savings and price increases, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We face significant competition, including from the growth of innovative nicotine products, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. Our operating companies operate in highly competitive environments. Significant competition exists with respect to product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution and promotional activities. Because many of our operating companies products are market leaders, we are subject to antitrust risk. In addition, as adult nicotine consumer preferences evolve, consumers are increasingly moving across nicotine product categories. Our operating companies failure to compete effectively in these environments could negatively impact their profitability, market share and shipment volume. The growth of innovative nicotine products, including legal and illicit e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches, has contributed to reductions in the consumption levels and industry sales volumes of cigarettes and other tobacco products, including MST products. These reductions have negatively impacted our business. Furthermore, the proliferation of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products has negatively impacted the growth of FDA-authorized e-vapor products, including NJOY s products. If we are unable to compete effectively in innovative nicotine product categories, including through internal product development, on! oral nicotine pouch products, NJOY e-vapor products, our participation in Horizon and other potential future relationships and investments, such inability could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. The competitive environments in which our operating companies compete and our operating companies competitive positions can be significantly impacted by the price differentials between premium and discount brands. PM USA faces competition from lower-priced brands sold by certain domestic and foreign manufacturers that have cost advantages because they are not parties to settlements of certain healthcare cost recovery litigation in the United States and, as such, are not required to make annual settlement payments as required by the parties to the settlements. These settlement payments, which are inflation-adjusted, are significant for PM USA and have contributed to substantial cigarette price increases to help cover their cost. Manufacturers not party to the settlements are subject to state escrow legislation requiring escrow deposits. Such manufacturers may avoid these escrow obligations by concentrating on certain states where escrow deposits are not required or are required on fewer than all such manufacturers cigarettes sold in such states. Additional price competition has resulted from diversion into the United States market of cigarettes intended for sale outside the United States, diversion of tobacco products intended for sale in one taxing jurisdiction within the United States into another taxing jurisdiction, the sale of counterfeit cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes by third parties over the Internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes and imports of foreign lower-priced brands. Tobacco products imported to the United States are subject to the same federal excise tax as those manufactured domestically. Manufacturers of tobacco products imported to the United States can receive refunds of certain duties, taxes and fees paid on those products when offsetting volumes of the same or substantially similar products are subsequently exported out of the United States. The program that allows for these refunds is referred to as duty drawback. If PM USA is unable to realize duty drawback to the same extent as other manufacturers, we may be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to our ability to invest in the long-term growth of our core tobacco businesses and contribute to the strategic growth of our innovative nicotine product portfolio. Our failure to compete effectively, including as a result of litigation settlement obligations, the impacts of illicit trade in nicotine products, the price differentials between premium and discount brands and our inability to realize available tax advantages, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We may be unsuccessful in commercializing innovative products, including nicotine products with reduced health risks relative to certain other nicotine products and that appeal to adult nicotine consumers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. We have growth strategies involving innovative products that may have reduced health risks relative to certain other nicotine products, while continuing to offer adult nicotine consumers (within and outside the United States) products that meet their taste expectations and evolving preferences. These strategies include e-vapor, heated tobacco and oral nicotine pouch products. For example, in the first quarter of 2026, we commercialized on! PLUS oral nicotine pouch products, and we have plans to commercialize additional on! and NJOY products. If the outcome of any legal proceedings or investigations involving NJOY prevent us from, or we are otherwise unsuccessful in, executing these strategies, there could be a material negative impact on our business and our ability to achieve our Vision. For example, as a result of a patent lawsuit adjudicated before the ITC, the ITC imposed bans on the importation of NJOY ACE 6 Table of Contents into the United States and our sale and marketing of NJOY ACE products previously imported into the United States. We have appealed these bans to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, but the bans will remain in effect during the pendency of the appeal. The success of Horizon, our joint venture with JTIUH for the marketing and commercialization of HTS products in the United States, in generating new revenue streams by commercializing current and future HTS products owned by us or Japan Tobacco is dependent upon a number of factors. These factors include (i) receipt of regulatory authorizations, (ii) prevailing economic, market, regulatory or business conditions, or changes in such conditions, negatively affecting the parties, (iii) changes in market or other conditions resulting in unanticipated delays in the design and development of future products or the commencement of test launches, (iv) the outcome of any legal proceedings or investigations that may be instituted against the parties or others related to the joint venture, (v) changes in the preferences of U.S. adult nicotine consumers and (vi) the failure to meet commercialization milestones. Such factors could have a negative effect on the success of Horizon and any future collaboration or partnership between the parties, which could impact our ability to generate new revenue streams and enter new geographic markets. Lengthy and unpredictable regulatory review periods complicate efforts to strategize and plan with respect to commercialization of new products, and we cannot predict or influence the speed with which the FDA reviews pre-market tobacco applications ( PMTA ). Our operating companies may decide to commercialize products that have not received marketing granted orders from the FDA if the operating company submitted a PMTA with respect to any such product in compliance with the FSPTCA and the FDA failed to issue a marketing order within the statutory review period. It is possible that the FDA may bring an enforcement action relating to commercialized products for which a PMTA has been pending longer than the statutory review period. If we do not succeed in commercializing innovative nicotine products that appeal to adult nicotine consumers or we fail to obtain or maintain regulatory authorization for the marketing or sale of these products, including with claims of reduced health risks, we could be at a competitive disadvantage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. Our inability to successfully counter the effects of illicit trade in nicotine products, including e-vapor products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. Illicit trade in nicotine products has had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our business, including the sales volumes and market shares of our operating companies innovative and smoke-free products and traditional tobacco products. Illicit trade in nicotine products can take many forms, including the sale of counterfeit products; the sale of products that do not comply with the FSPTCA and FDA regulations; the sale of products in the United States that are intended for sale outside the country; the sale of untaxed products over the Internet and by other means designed to avoid the collection of applicable taxes; and the diversion into one taxing jurisdiction of products intended for sale in another jurisdiction. Counterfeit versions of our operating companies products can negatively affect adult nicotine consumer experiences with and opinions of those brands as well as other stakeholders perceptions and opinions of our companies and brands. Illicit trade in nicotine products also harms law-abiding wholesalers and retailers by depriving them of lawful sales and undermines the significant investment we have made in legitimate distribution channels. Moreover, illicit trade in nicotine products results in federal, state and local governments losing tax revenues. Losses in tax revenues can cause such governments to take various actions, including increasing excise taxes, imposing legislative or regulatory requirements, or asserting claims against manufacturers of nicotine products or members of the trade channels through which such nicotine products are legally distributed and sold, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. In the e-vapor category, illicit flavored disposable product usage has significantly increased, and such products now comprise the majority of the e-vapor category. The impacts of this dynamic include declines in FDA-authorized e-vapor product volume and increased cross-category movement among adult cigarette smokers that has contributed to domestic cigarette industry volume declines. Recent enforcement actions by regulatory agencies have not had a material impact in curbing the proliferation and sale of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products. This dynamic has made the operating environment challenging for our businesses. We have increased engagement with the FDA and other government agencies to encourage enforcement action against these illicit products, but such enforcement has been inadequate to date. We also have taken legal action to protect our e-vapor business, which exposes us to additional costs and expenses. Our failure to counter the impacts of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products and the FDA s failure to take meaningful enforcement actions against manufacturers and products that violate the law could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. Failure to complete or manage strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and commercial relationships with and investments in third parties, or realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. We regularly evaluate potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and commercial relationships with and investments in third parties. Opportunities for strategic transactions may be limited, and the success of any such transaction is dependent upon our ability to complete and realize the expected benefits of the transaction in the expected time frame or at all. Following the completion of a transaction, there may be certain financial, managerial, staffing and talent and operational risks, including diversion of management s attention from existing core businesses, difficulties integrating other businesses into existing operations and 7 Table of Contents other challenges. We may not be able to enter into attractive business relationships or execute and complete strategic transactions on favorable terms or at all. Any such relationships or transactions may not improve our competitive position or have the intended financial outcomes and may subject us to increased legal risk, including with respect to intellectual property infringement or breach of contract claims. For example, our former investment in JUUL Labs, Inc. ( JUUL ) did not result in and, to date, our investment in Cronos has not, resulted in the economic and competitive advantages expected at the time the investments were made. We may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our acquisition of NJOY Holdings, Inc. ( NJOY Transaction ) in the expected manner or timeframe, if at all, including due to the ITC exclusion order and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting the importation and sale of NJOY ACE in the United States. In 2025, we recorded impairments of the value of the goodwill and other intangible assets within our e-vapor reporting unit as a result of these orders and our expectation that effective enforcement against illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products would occur more gradually than initially anticipated. Other factors that could negatively impact our ability to realize the expected benefits of the NJOY Transaction in the expected manner or timeframe, if at all, include (i) our failure to receive or maintain regulatory authorizations; (ii) changes in adult nicotine consumer preferences; (iii) our failure to comply with regulatory requirements; (iv) prevailing economic, market, regulatory or business conditions, or changes in such conditions negatively affecting our business and our plans with respect to the e-vapor category and (v) the outcome of any current or future legal proceeding or investigation related to the NJOY Transaction, NJOY or its products. PM USA imports cigarettes manufactured outside the United States for sale domestically, and PM USA has entered into strategic commercial relationships to manufacture cigarettes in the United States for export to third parties for sale in international markets. If PM USA is unable to maintain, expand upon or enter into new relationships of this type, it may hinder PM USA s ability to increase the efficiency of its cigarette manufacturing operations, develop capabilities needed to comply with various international product and other standards and invest in the long-term growth of our core tobacco businesses and the strategic growth of our innovative nicotine product portfolio. If the NJOY Transaction, our strategic relationships with respect to contract manufacturing or any other acquisition, disposition, joint venture, investment in a third party or other strategic relationship is not successful, there could be a material negative impact on our business, financial position and results of operations and our ability to achieve our Vision. Significant changes in price, availability or quality of tobacco, other raw materials or component parts could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and business. Shifts in crops (such as those driven by macroeconomic conditions and adverse weather patterns), government restrictions and mandated prices, production control programs, economic trade sanctions, import duties and tariffs, international trade disruptions, labor disruptions, inflation, geopolitical instability, climate and environmental changes and disruptions due to man-made or natural disasters may increase the cost or reduce the supply or quality of tobacco and other raw materials, ingredients and component parts used to manufacture our operating companies products. Any significant change in such factors could restrict our ability to continue manufacturing and marketing existing products or impact adult nicotine consumer product acceptability and have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. For varieties of tobacco only available in limited geographies, government-mandated prices and production control programs, political instability or government prohibitions on the import or export of tobacco in certain countries pose additional risks to price, availability and quality. As consumer demand increases for innovative smoke-free products and decreases for combustible and MST products, the volume of tobacco leaf required for production of these products has decreased, resulting in reduced tobacco leaf demand. Reduced demand for tobacco leaf may result in the reduced supply and availability of domestic tobacco and increased costs, as growers divert resources to other crops or cease farming. Macroeconomic factors, such as tariffs, may exacerbate reductions in demand for tobacco leaf by increasing the cost of purchasing tobacco leaf from a supplier in another country. The unavailability or unacceptability of any one or more particular varieties of tobacco leaf or the unavailability of nicotine extract necessary to manufacture our operating companies products could negatively impact our ability to continue marketing existing products or impact adult nicotine consumer product acceptability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. In addition, the nicotine used in our operating companies innovative smoke-free products is extracted from tobacco produced in one country. If we are unable to identify alternate sources of nicotine for our operating companies innovative products, we could be exposed to the risks discussed above. Current geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions (including tariffs, inflation, labor shortages, supply and demand imbalances and international armed conflicts) are causing worldwide disruptions and delays to supply chains and commercial markets, which limit access to, and increase the cost of, raw materials, ingredients and component parts (for example, wood tips used in our cigar products and aluminum used in our packaging). As consumer demand increases for innovative smoke-free products and decreases for combustible and MST products, the volume of raw materials, ingredients and component parts required for the production of these products has decreased. Reduced demand for raw materials, ingredients and component parts may reduce supply and availability and increase the cost of raw materials, ingredients and component parts as suppliers divert resources to other products or cease producing these products. Furthermore, challenging economic conditions can create the risk that our suppliers, distributors, logistics providers or other third-party partners suffer financial or operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to provide us with or distribute 8 Table of Contents finished product, raw materials and component parts and services in a timely manner or at all. If we are unable to identify alternate sources of raw materials, ingredients and component parts for our operating companies products, we could be exposed to supply risk. In addition, government taxes, restrictions and prohibitions on the sale and use of certain products may limit access to, and increase the costs of, raw materials and component parts and, potentially, impede our ability to sell certain of our products. For example, certain states have passed extended producer responsibility legislation concerning packaging. Because certain of our operating companies products packaging consists of single-use plastics, single-use plastic bans and extended producer responsibility mandates could result in bans on some of our operating companies product packaging or their products and adversely impact our costs and revenues. Additional taxes and limitations on the use of certain single-use plastics have been proposed by the U.S. Congress and various state and local governments. These existing and potential future laws and regulations could increase the costs of sourcing, and impair our ability to source, certain materials used in the packaging for our products. If our operating companies are unable to compensate for supply shortages or elevated commodity and other costs through sustained price increases, cost efficiencies, such as in manufacturing and distribution, or otherwise manage the exposure through sourcing strategies, the limited use of commodity hedging contracts or through other initiatives, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. Our operating companies rely on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers, and an extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Our operating companies face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant manufacturing facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers. A natural or man-made disaster, cybersecurity incident, global pandemic, labor disruption or other disruption that affects the manufacturing operations of any of our operating companies, the operations of any key supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider of any of our operating companies or any other disruption in the supply or distribution of goods or services (including a key supplier s inability to comply with government regulations, lack of available workers or unwillingness to supply goods or services to a tobacco company) could adversely impact operations. Operations of our operating companies, suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers could be suspended temporarily once or multiple times, or halted permanently, depending on various factors. An extended disruption in operations experienced by one or more of our operating companies or in the supply or distribution of goods or services by one or more key suppliers, distributors or distribution chain service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We may be required to write down goodwill and other intangible assets, including trademarks and other intellectual property, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. We periodically calculate the fair value of our reporting units and intangible assets to test for impairment. These calculations may be affected by several factors, including general macroeconomic conditions, the proliferation of illicit products, government actions, including FDA regulatory actions and inaction, changes in category growth (decline) rates as a result of changing adult nicotine consumer preferences, success of planned new product expansions, competitive activity, unfavorable outcomes with respect to litigation proceedings, including actions brought against us alleging patent infringement, and income and excise taxes. Certain events also can trigger an immediate review of intangible assets. In 2025, we recorded impairments of the values of the goodwill and other intangible assets within our e-vapor reporting unit as a result of the ITC exclusion order and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting the importation and sale of NJOY ACE into the United States and our expectation that effective enforcement against illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products would occur more gradually than initially anticipated. If we experience unfavorable outcomes with respect to litigation proceedings (including actions alleging patent infringement), the discount rate used to estimate the fair values of the goodwill and other intangible assets within our e-vapor reporting unit increases or any of the judgments or assumptions we made regarding the future state of the e-vapor category and NJOY s business fail to materialize, we could record additional non-cash impairments of our e-vapor reporting unit goodwill in future periods. The judgments and assumptions we made regarding the future state of the e-vapor category and NJOY s business include the (i) timing and extent of effective enforcement against illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products; (ii) timing and likelihood of regulatory authorizations of e-vapor products, including of NJOY s products; (iii) timing of the commercialization of NJOY e-vapor products in the United States; (iv) long-term growth of the e-vapor category; and (v) conversion rates of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor consumers to FDA-authorized e-vapor products and, specifically, NJOY s e-vapor products. Fair value calculations are sensitive to changes in these judgments and assumptions, some of which relate to broader macroeconomic conditions and governmental actions outside of our control. In the second quarter of 2024, we recorded an impairment of the value of the Skoal trademark. This impairment was the result of the decrease in the fair value of the Skoal trademark caused by decreases in the size of the MST products category, which were due, in part, to the growth of nicotine pouch volumes. If Skoal s actual revenue and income or long-term outlook are significantly unfavorable compared to forecasted performance used to estimate the fair value or if the discount rate used to estimate the fair value increases, we could have an additional non-cash impairment of the carrying value of the Skoal trademark in future periods. 9 Table of Contents We continue to monitor several factors that impact the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets. If any impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. Our Optimize & Accelerate initiative may expose us to increased risks relating to business continuity and our internal control over financial reporting and audit procedures, among others, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial position or results of operations. In October 2024, we announced the multi-phase Initiative, which is designed to enhance organizational speed, efficiency and effectiveness. The Initiative includes centralizing work, outsourcing certain transactional activities and streamlining, automating and standardizing processes across the enterprise. The Initiative presents a number of risks that could adversely impact our business, such as risks relating to operational continuity, talent management and internal control over financial reporting and audit procedures. For example, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and inefficiency during transitional periods. Furthermore, many of the outsourced tasks are or will be performed in developing countries that may be at a heightened risk for geopolitical uncertainty, which could result in service interruptions. The expected savings associated with the Initiative may be offset to some extent by business disruption during the implementation phase as well as investments in new processes and systems until the Initiative is fully implemented. The accelerated frequency and scale of new technology and systems deployment to support the Initiative may increase risks to our internal control framework, protection of sensitive data and regulatory compliance. Additionally, the Initiative may lead to a loss of control and oversight of outsourced functions, which could weaken our existing internal control over financial reporting and present audit challenges. If the vendors to whom we outsource certain tasks do not adhere to our financial controls and compliance processes and procedures, we could be at an increased risk for fraud and financial misstatements. If actual results of the Initiative differ from our expectations with respect to the continuity and reliability of outsourced tasks, maintenance of internal control over financial reporting and audit procedures, we may experience an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial position. Our operating companies could decide, or be required to, recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Our operating companies could decide, or laws or regulations could require them, to recall products due to the failure to meet quality standards or specifications, suspected or confirmed and deliberate or unintentional product contamination, or other product adulteration, misbranding or tampering. Similar issues may subject us to liability with respect to products our operating companies manufacture for third parties under contract manufacturing agreements. A product recall or a product liability or other claim (even if unsuccessful or without merit) could have negative economic consequences and also generate negative publicity about us and our operating companies products. In addition, if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which one of our operating companies competes, adult nicotine consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in the category. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We face various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, and such events, and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and health authorities implement to address them, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. An epidemic, pandemic or other significant public health emergency, and the measures taken by governmental authorities to address it, could significantly disrupt our operating companies abilities to operate their businesses in the ordinary course. Furthermore, any associated economic consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. If any public health emergency were to occur in the future, we could experience negative impacts. In addition, the specific characteristics of any future public health emergency and associated governmental responses could result in other negative impacts that we cannot foresee. Accordingly, any future emergence or resurgence of an epidemic, pandemic or other public health emergency could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We may be unable to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce due to the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage, tobacco control actions and other factors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to achieve our Vision. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining a highly skilled workforce may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage, tobacco regulation and control actions and other factors. We compete for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that may enjoy greater societal acceptance and fewer long-term challenges. As a result, we may be unable to attract and retain highly qualified talent, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to achieve our Vision. 10 Table of Contents Litigation, Legislative and Regulatory Risks Unfavorable outcomes with respect to litigation proceedings or any governmental investigations could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions against us and our subsidiaries, including PM USA, as well as our and their respective indemnitees and indemnitors. Various types of claims may be raised in these proceedings, including product liability, unfair trade practices, antitrust, tax, contraband-related claims, intellectual property infringement, breach of contract, employment matters, environmental matters, claims alleging violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ( RICO ), claims for contribution and claims of competitors, shareholders and distributors. Legislative action, such as changes to tort law, also may expand the types of claims and remedies available to plaintiffs. Competitors and other third parties have brought and may in the future bring action against us, our subsidiaries and/or our suppliers alleging patent infringement. Such claims, regardless of merit, expose us to significant litigation costs and damages, importation bans with respect to products and product components manufactured abroad, divert management s attention and compromise our operating companies abilities to commercialize and improve their products. This risk is especially pertinent to smoke-free products where technology is advancing rapidly, resulting in a high volume of patents in relevant technology spaces. In a patent lawsuit adjudicated before the ITC, the ITC imposed bans on the importation of NJOY ACE into the United States and our sale and marketing of NJOY ACE products previously imported into the United States. As a result of the ITC s decision, NJOY removed NJOY ACE from the marketplace. We have appealed the ban on the importation into the United States and our sale and marketing of NJOY ACE , but the bans will remain in place during the pendency of the appeal. JUUL has filed similar actions in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona and with the ITC alleging patent infringement based on our sale of NJOY Daily in the United States. If the bans with respect to NJOY ACE remain effective or we experience unfavorable outcomes with respect to the patent litigation relating to NJOY Daily , either outcome could have a material adverse effect on our valuation of our e-vapor reporting unit s goodwill and our plans with respect to the e-vapor category. In certain litigation, we and our subsidiaries may face potentially significant non-monetary remedies in addition to importation bans that could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. For example, in the Federal Government s lawsuit alleging that certain defendants, including Altria and PM USA, violated RICO and engaged in certain sub-schemes to defraud, the district court did not impose monetary penalties but ordered significant non-monetary remedies, including the issuance of corrective statements. Litigation is subject to significant uncertainty, and there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Damages claimed in some tobacco-related or other litigation are significant and, in certain cases, have ranged in the billions of dollars. The variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions and the actual experience of management in litigating claims demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. We have extensive experience litigating tobacco-related cases in a number of jurisdictions, with the vast majority of these cases having been filed in Florida. However, in recent years, we have seen an increase in the number of these cases filed against PM USA in jurisdictions outside of Florida. Managing complex litigation in multiple jurisdictions at an accelerated rate compounds the significant uncertainty as to the likelihood of adverse developments in pending or future cases. In certain cases, plaintiffs claim that defendants liability is joint and several. In such cases, we may face the risk that one or more co-defendants decline or otherwise fail to participate in the bonding required for an appeal or to pay their proportionate or jury-allocated share of a judgment. As a result, we may have to pay more than our proportionate share of any bonding- or judgment-related amounts under certain circumstances. Furthermore, in cases where plaintiffs are successful, we also may be required to pay interest and attorneys fees. Although we historically have been able to obtain required bonds or relief from bonding requirements in order to prevent plaintiffs from seeking to collect judgments while adverse verdicts have been appealed, there remains a risk that such relief may not be obtainable in all cases. This risk has been substantially reduced given that 47 states and Puerto Rico limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. However, tobacco litigation plaintiffs have challenged the constitutionality of Florida s bond cap statute in several cases and plaintiffs may challenge state bond cap statutes in other jurisdictions as well. Such challenges may include the applicability of state bond caps in federal court. Although we cannot predict the outcome of such challenges, it is possible that our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome of one or more such challenges. Each of Altria and our subsidiaries named as a defendant in pending litigation believes, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that it has valid defenses to the litigation pending against it, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. We have defended, and will continue to defend, vigorously against litigation challenges. However, we may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if we believe it is in our best interests to do so. 11 Table of Contents We cannot predict the outcome of any litigation proceedings or governmental investigations, and unfavorable outcomes in any such proceedings or investigations could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Significant federal, state and local governmental actions, including FDA regulatory actions and inaction, and various private sector actions may continue to have a material adverse impact on our operating companies sales volumes and our business. We face significant governmental and private sector actions, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence of tobacco use and seeking to hold us responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. These actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We cannot predict whether regulators, including the FDA, will permit the marketing or sale of any particular innovative products (including products with claims of reduced risk to adult nicotine consumers) or whether they will impose a burdensome regulatory framework on such products. In addition, the FDA could, for a variety of reasons, determine that innovative products on the market but pending FDA review of the associated PMTA (such as on! oral nicotine pouches), or those that have previously received authorization are not appropriate for the public health, and the FDA could require such products be taken off the market. We also cannot predict whether or to what extent the FDA will take enforcement actions against manufacturers and products that violate the law. The actions and inaction of regulators, including the FDA, can result in competitive challenges. For example, unpredictable and lengthy regulatory review periods complicate efforts to strategize and plan with respect to commercialization of new products, and we cannot predict or influence the speed with which the FDA reviews PMTAs. A protracted FDA review of one of our operating companies PMTAs would allow competitive products already on the market to establish market share, brand recognition and adult nicotine consumer loyalty in the absence of competition from our product. Additionally, we cannot control the order in which the FDA reviews PMTAs. The FDA could review a PMTA for a competitor s product before it reviews a PMTA submitted by one of our operating companies with respect to a competing product notwithstanding that our operating company submitted its PMTA first. Scenarios such as these would put us at a competitive disadvantage, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, profitability and our ability to achieve our Vision. In addition to the outcomes discussed above, actions and inaction by the FDA and other federal, state or local governments or agencies can (i) impact the adult nicotine consumer acceptability of or access to nicotine products (for example, through nicotine or constituent limits or menthol or other flavor bans), (ii) limit adult nicotine consumer choices, (iii) restrict communications to adult nicotine consumers, (iv) restrict the ability to differentiate nicotine products, (v) impose additional manufacturing, labeling or packaging requirements, (vi) interrupt manufacturing or otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business, (vii) result in increased illicit trade in nicotine products, (viii) restrict or prevent the use of specified nicotine products in certain locations or the sale of nicotine products by certain retail establishments, (ix) require the recall of nicotine products due to a determination relating to product contamination or (x) otherwise require the removal of nicotine products from the marketplace (for example, due to a determination that one or more nicotine products fail to satisfy the statutory requirements for substantial equivalence, must proceed through the pre-market review process or must be removed from the marketplace for the protection of public health). Any federal, state or local governmental action, including regulatory actions and inaction by the FDA, may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Such action and inaction also could negatively impact adult smokers transition to potentially reduced risk products, which could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve our Vision. Nicotine products are subject to substantial taxation, and any increases in nicotine product-related taxes could have a material adverse impact on sales of our operating companies products. Nicotine products are subject to substantial taxation, including excise taxes. Significant increases in taxes or fees on nicotine products (including traditional tobacco products as well as e-vapor and oral nicotine products) have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the United States at the federal, state and local levels. The frequency and magnitude of excise tax increases can be influenced by various factors, including federal and state budgets and the composition of executive and legislative bodies. Tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of our operating companies products through lower consumption levels and the potential shift in adult nicotine consumer purchases from the premium to the non-premium or discount segments, to other low-priced or low-taxed products or to counterfeit and contraband products. Such shifts may also have an adverse impact on the reported share performance of our operating companies products. Any increases in taxes or fees applicable to our operating companies products could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. In addition, substantial excise tax increases on e-vapor and oral nicotine products could negatively impact adult smokers transition to these products, which could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve our Vision. International business operations subject us to various U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, and violations of such laws or regulations could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and significant penalties and other costs. While we are primarily engaged in business activities in the United States, we engage (directly or indirectly) in certain international business activities that are subject to various U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, such as foreign privacy laws, the U.S. Foreign 12 Table of Contents Corrupt Practices Act and other laws prohibiting bribery and corruption. Although we have a Code of Conduct for Compliance and Integrity and a compliance system designed to prevent and detect violations of applicable law, we can provide no assurance that any system will always protect against improper actions by employees, joint venture partners, investees or third parties. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and significant penalties and other costs. A challenge to our tax positions, an increase in the income tax rate or other changes to federal or state tax laws could materially adversely affect our earnings or cash flows. Tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations. Changes to federal or state tax laws or challenges to one or more of our positions with respect to those laws, including with respect to the availability of duty drawback, which allows manufacturers to receive refunds of certain duties, taxes and fees paid on imported tobacco products when offsetting volumes of those products or substantially similar products are subsequently exported, could give rise to additional liabilities (including interest and potential penalties) or reduce the amount of duties, taxes and fees paid by our operating companies for which refunds are available. Accordingly, a successful challenge to one or more of our tax positions, an increase in the corporate income tax rate or other changes to federal or state tax laws, including changes to how foreign investments are taxed, could materially adversely affect our earnings or cash flows. Legal and regulatory requirements related to climate change and other environmental sustainability matters could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Concern over climate change and other sustainability matters is likely to result in new or additional legal and regulatory requirements intended to reduce or mitigate environmental issues. Furthermore, as our operating companies do business in new international markets and expand their product portfolios, we may become subject to new legal and regulatory requirements related to climate change and other environmental and corporate sustainability matters. New or additional requirements may relate to, among other things, greenhouse gas emissions, alternative energy policy, single-use plastics, the disposal of nicotine products or nicotine product components and additional disclosure obligations with respect to climate change and environmental sustainability matters. These additional laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition by increasing our compliance and manufacturing costs and creating legal and reputational risk if we are unable to, or are perceived not to, satisfy such requirements. Capital Markets and Financing Risks Disruption and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets could materially adversely affect our business. Access to the credit and capital markets is important for us to satisfy our liquidity and financing needs. We typically access the commercial paper market in the second quarter to help fund payments under the Master Settlement Agreement ( MSA ), tax obligations and shareholder dividends. Disruption and uncertainty in the credit or capital markets or high interest rates could negatively impact the availability or cost of capital and adversely affect our liquidity, cash flow, earnings and dividend rate. In addition, tighter credit markets could lead to business disruptions for our suppliers and service providers, which could, in turn, materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. A downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely impact our borrowing costs and access to credit and capital markets, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition. Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to shareholder distributions, the impact of strategic transactions and our financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as the state of the economy and our industry. A ny downgrade or announcement that we are under review for a potential downgrade of our credit ratings, as occurred following our former investment in JUUL, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, could increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to access the credit and capital markets, including the commercial paper market, on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all or result in a reduction in our liquidity, requiring us to rely on more expensive types of financing . Any such outcome could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. Our performance relating to corporate responsibility matters and investor and stakeholder responses thereto may impact our reputation, ability to attract investors and the market value of our stock. Focus from investors and other stakeholders on corporate responsibility, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, has resulted in investor demand for measurement of corporate responsibility performance. The criteria by which third-party providers of assessments and ratings measure such performance may vary or change over time. Furthermore we have published reports concerning our goals, approach and progress with respect to a range of corporate responsibility focus areas. Investors may use these non-financial performance factors and reports to guide investment strategies, and investor and other stakeholder expectations of and responses to our policies, actions, goals and disclosures concerning corporate responsibility matters may evolve over time. Investors may choose not to invest in us if their policies prevent them from investing in tobacco companies and may base investment and other decisions on their view of our policies, actions, goals or disclosures with respect to corporate responsibility matters. 13 Table of Contents Despite our efforts, any failure to achieve our corporate responsibility goals, including those aimed at reducing the harm associated with our operating companies products and our underage tobacco prevention goals, could result in adverse publicity. Furthermore, if investors or other stakeholders view our corporate responsibility policies, actions, goals or disclosures as insufficient or otherwise unacceptable, we could incur negative publicity and litigation challenges. These outcomes could materially adversely affect our businesses and reputation and impair our ability to attract and retain investors, which could have a material negative impact on the market value of our stock. Information Technology and Data Privacy Risks The failure of our, or our service providers , key suppliers or trade customers , information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We rely extensively on information technology, much of which is managed by third-party service providers (such as cloud data service providers), to support a variety of business processes and activities, including: complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of our operations; researching, developing, manufacturing and distributing our operating companies products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult nicotine consumers and others. Our suppliers, supply chain service providers and trade customers also rely extensively on information systems. We also have increased the frequency and scale of new technology and systems deployment both directly and through third parties. We continue to make appropriate investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. Our safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. We can provide no guarantee that any investments or safeguards will protect our information systems and data from all threats. From time-to-time, we and our service providers, suppliers and trade customers experience attempts to infiltrate and interrupt information systems. We have not experienced an information security breach within the past three years, and to date, we have not experienced any interruptions of information systems as a result of infiltration attempts. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not cause interruptions that could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. For example, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our and our service providers , key suppliers and trade customers cybersecurity risks. Bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of artificial intelligence, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information and intellectual property. Any of these outcomes could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information and adversely impact our business. Outsourcing certain business functions pursuant to the Initiative may increase our exposure to risks such as data breaches, which could compromise sensitive information. Implementation of new technology and systems deployment may increase our risk of data security incidents, internal control failures and regulatory noncompliance. Our vendors and third-party partners may incorporate artificial intelligence tools into their offerings with or without disclosing this use to us. The providers of these artificial intelligence tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards concerning privacy and data protection, which may result in a loss of intellectual property or confidential information or cause harm to our reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures. Failure of our, or our service providers , key suppliers or trade customers , information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, financial misstatements, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, reputational harm to our operating companies and their brands, operational disruptions, legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Our failure, or the failure of our service providers, key suppliers or trade customers, to comply with personal data protection, privacy, artificial intelligence and information security laws could materially adversely affect our business. We and our service providers, key suppliers and trade customers are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding personal data protection, privacy, artificial intelligence and information security. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country or, within the United States, from state to state, and can create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. For example, as our business expands internationally and we outsource certain business functions to vendors in foreign jurisdictions as part of the Initiative, we may incur additional costs associated with compliance with foreign data protection laws and incur additional risk of non-compliance with such laws. Privacy laws and regulations are also expanding in the United States. Comprehensive state privacy laws are either in effect or have been enacted in a number of states, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. Our efforts, and the efforts of our service providers, key suppliers and trade customers, to comply with the evolving patchwork of differing foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to continue to increase over time, particularly as 14 Table of Contents additional jurisdictions adopt similar regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal data from unauthorized access, use or other processing, could result in litigation, claims, regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, damage to our reputation, fines, penalties and business disruptions, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position . Risks Relating to Our Investments in Equity Securities The expected benefits of our investment in ABI may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position or earnings. The expected benefits of our investment in ABI may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, including due to foreign currency exchange rates; ABI s business results; ABI s share price; impairment losses on the value of our investment; our incurrence of additional tax liabilities related to our investment in ABI; and potential reductions in the number of directors that we can have appointed to the ABI board of directors. We account for our investment in ABI under the equity method of accounting. For purposes of financial reporting, the earnings from and carrying value of our investment in ABI are translated into U.S. dollars ( USD ) from various local currencies. In addition, ABI pays dividends in euros, which we convert into USD. During times of a strengthening USD against these currencies, our reported earnings from and carrying value of our investment in ABI will be reduced because these currencies will translate into fewer USD and the dividends that we receive from ABI will convert into fewer USD. Dividends and earnings from and carrying value of our investment in ABI are also subject to the risks encountered by ABI in its business, its business outlook, cash flow requirements and financial performance, the state of the market and the general economic climate. For example, in 2020, as a result of the uncertainty, volatility and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on ABI s business, ABI reduced by 50% its final 2019 dividend paid in the second quarter of 2020 and did not pay its interim 2020 dividend that would have been paid in the fourth quarter of 2020, which resulted in a reduction of cash dividends we received from ABI. We assess the value of our investment in ABI as required by United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). If the carrying value of our investment in ABI exceeds its fair value and we determine that the loss in value is other than temporary, we record appropriate impairment losses. In a prior period, we concluded that the fair value of our investment in ABI declined below the carrying value of our investment in ABI and that this decline in fair value was other than temporary. As a result, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge for that period. It is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges in the future and, if we do so, our net earnings and carrying value of our investment in ABI could be materially adversely affected. In the event that our ownership percentage in ABI were to decrease below certain levels, (i) we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, (ii) the number of nominees that we have the right to select for election to the ABI board of directors could be reduced and (iii) we may be unable to continue to account for our investment in ABI under the equity method of accounting. Our investment in Cronos subjects us to certain risks associated with Cronos s business, including legal, regulatory and reputational risks. Our investment in Cronos, a Canadian cannabinoid company, subjects us to various risks relating to Cronos s business, such as legal, regulatory and reputational risks. Cronos is engaged in the cultivation, manufacture and marketing of cannabis and cannabis-derived products for the medical and adult-use markets in various international jurisdictions. Accordingly, Cronos s operations are subject to laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by various governmental authorities. In the United States, these laws include the Controlled Substances Act, the Civil Assets Forfeiture Reform Act (as it relates to violation of the Controlled Substances Act), all related applicable anti-money laundering laws and FDA regulations. A failure by Cronos or Altria to comply with applicable laws, including cannabis laws, could result in criminal, civil or tax liability, negative impacts on the availability and cost of capital and credit or reputational harm for Altria. 
