. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. We have in the past been adversely affected by certain of, and may in the future be affected by, these risks. Business and Operational Risks Our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent on factors beyond our control. Our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and pay our dividend at intended levels are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. Historically, refined product margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile. Our margins from the sale of refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil and other feedstocks. The prices of feedstocks and the prices at which we can sell our refined products fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market factors that are beyond our control, including: global and regional inventory levels and availability of and demand for feedstocks and refined products; transportation infrastructure cost and availability; temporary and permanent closures, utilization levels and capacities of other refineries in our markets and globally; global and regional development by competitors of new refining or renewable conversion capacity; natural gas and electricity availability and supply costs; global and domestic political instability, threatened or actual terrorist incidents, armed conflict, economic activity and growth levels or lack thereof or other global political or economic conditions; tariffs on goods, including crude oil and other feedstocks, imported into the United States; local weather conditions; and the occurrence of other risks described herein. Some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. The longer-term effects of these and other factors on refined product margins are uncertain. We generally purchase our feedstocks weeks before we refine them and sell the refined products. Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks can have a significant effect on our financial results. We also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. Price changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products can have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Lower refined product margins, including renewable diesel margins have in the past, and may in the future, lead us to reduce the amount of refined products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations and cash flows. Significant reductions in refined product margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets (such as property, plant and equipment, inventory or goodwill), and require us to re-evaluate our capital allocation priorities, including our share repurchase activity, capital spending and dividends. Industry, market, technological and regulatory developments regarding emissions, fuel efficiency and alternative fuel vehicles may decrease demand for liquid transportation fuels. Developments aimed at reducing vehicle emissions, increasing vehicle efficiency or reducing the sale of new internal combustion engine vehicles may decrease the demand and may increase the cost for our liquid transportation fuels. Government mandates or incentives, industry and technological developments and consumer sentiment with respect to liquid transportation fuels may alter fuels or energy preferences or make alternative fuel vehicles more desirable and result in greater market penetration of such vehicles or otherwise decrease demand for our liquid transportation fuels. For example, the federal government through NHTSA and the EPA promulgate rules that require vehicle manufacturers to increase the fuel efficiency standards of liquid transportation fuels vehicles. The EPA has finalized a rule that reduces its current vehicle standards by eliminating regulation of GHG emissions. The new, reduced standards have been challenged in court. In addition, California and several states have adopted regulations that require increased sales of electric vehicles. California, in particular, has passed several regulations mandating electric vehicles. These regulations include Advanced Clean Cars ( ACC ) I, ACC II, and Advanced Clean Trucks. The ACC II and Advanced Clean Trucks regulations are currently not enforceable in absence of federal waivers, but California filed litigation to reinstate the waivers. Moreover, consumer acceptance and market penetration of electric, hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles continues to increase. In 2021, several automobile manufacturers jointly announced their shared goal that 40-50 percent of their new vehicle sales be battery electric, fuel cell or plug-in hybrid vehicles by 2030. Other automobile manufacturers have similar, or more aggressive, goals with respect to vehicle electrification. Technological breakthroughs relating to renewable fuels or other fuel alternatives 18 Table of Contents such as hydrogen or ammonia, or efficiency improvements for internal combustion engines could reduce demand for liquid transportation fuels. Together, these developments have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on sales of our liquid transportation fuels, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and present inherent hazards and risks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to business interruptions, such as scheduled and unscheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, product quality incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, acts of terrorism, or other natural or man-made disasters. These types of incidents adversely affect our operations and may result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, impaired ability to manufacture our products, environmental pollution, and substantial losses. We have experienced certain of these incidents in the past. For assets located near populated areas, the level of damage resulting from these incidents could be greater. In addition, we operate in and adjacent to environmentally sensitive waters where tanker, pipeline, rail car and refined product transportation and storage operations are closely regulated by federal, state and local agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups. Certain of our refineries receive crude oil and other feedstocks by tanker or barge. MPLX operates a fleet of boats and barges to transport light products, heavy oils, crude oil, renewable fuels, chemicals and feedstocks to and from our refineries and terminals. Transportation and storage of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined products over and adjacent to water involves inherent risk and subjects us to the provisions of the OPA-90 and state laws in U.S. coastal and Great Lakes states and states bordering inland waterways on which we operate, as well as international laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. If we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or refined products, we may be subject to substantial liability. In addition, the service providers contracted to aid us in a discharge response may be unavailable due to weather conditions, governmental regulations or other local or global events. Damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities. We are increasingly dependent on the performance of our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers. We are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. We rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personal data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, credit card payments and authorizations at certain of our customers retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. Our information systems (and those of our third-party business partners and service providers), including our cloud computing environments and operational technology environments, are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, including ransomware and other malware, phishing and social engineering schemes, supply chain attacks, and advanced artificial intelligence attacks, which can compromise our ability to operate, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers. These and other cybersecurity threats may originate with criminal attackers, advanced persistent threats and nation-state actors, state-sponsored actors, or employee error or malfeasance. Cybersecurity threat actors also may attempt to exploit vulnerabilities in software, including software commonly used by companies in cloud-based services and bundled software. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems, continuously evolve and some have become increasingly complex and sophisticated, and can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond in a timely manner, we (and our third-party business partners and service providers) are subject to the risk of cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents. Our cybersecurity and infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and systems, employee training and vendor risk management may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information or impact our systems. We and our third-party vendors and service providers have been and may in the future be subject to cybersecurity events and incidents of varying degrees. To date, the impacts of prior events and incidents have not had a material adverse effect on us. Cybersecurity incidents involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers can result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial data, personal data, intellectual property and other information; give rise to remediation or other expenses; result in litigation, claims and increased regulatory review, investigations, or scrutiny; reduce our customers willingness to do business with us; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under international, U.S. federal and state laws. 19 Table of Contents Any of such results could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Increasing regulatory focus on and expanding laws related to data privacy issues could expose us to increased liability, subject us to lawsuits, investigations, reputational harm and increase costs and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business. Along with our own data and information collected in the normal course of our business, we, and some of our third-party service providers, collect, use, transfer and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. The transfer and use of this data both domestically and across international borders is becoming increasingly complex. This data is subject to governmental regulation at international, federal, state and local levels in many areas of our business, including data privacy and security laws such as the European Union ( EU ) and United Kingdom ( UK ) versions of the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ( CCPA ). To date, comprehensive state privacy laws have been proposed or passed in more than twenty U.S. states. We also operate in other jurisdictions (such as Mexico, Peru and Singapore) that have issued, or are considering the issuance of, data privacy laws and regulations. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and multiple state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data as well as requiring disclosures regarding such practices. Existing and potential future data privacy laws pose increasingly complex compliance, monitoring and control obligations and could potentially elevate our costs and risk exposure. As the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of such laws continue to progress and evolve, there may also be developments that amplify such costs and risk exposure. Any failure by us, or by a third-party service provider upon which we rely, to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a cybersecurity incident or privacy breach, could expose us to significant penalties and liabilities, including individual claims or consumer class actions, commercial litigation, administrative, and investigations or actions, regulatory intervention and sanctions or fines. As we integrate artificial intelligence technologies into our processes, these technologies may present business, compliance and reputational risks. Recent and continuously evolving technological advances in artificial intelligence ( AI ) and machine-learning technology present new opportunities and also pose new risks. Our integration of these technologies, whether developed internally or procured through our third-party service providers, into our processes may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities. Such risks and liabilities include enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. The utilization of AI could also result in loss of intellectual property and subject us to heightened risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that is inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. The availability and cost of renewable identification numbers and credits related to low carbon fuel programs and incentives could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Congress established a RFS program that requires annual volumes of renewable fuel be blended into domestic transportation fuel. As a producer of petroleum-based motor fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to the EPA s quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase RINs in the open market to satisfy our obligation under the RFS program. Additionally, states, including California, have adopted or are considering adopting LCFS programs, which include the generation and purchase of LCFS credits for compliance. We are exposed to the volatility in the market price of RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits for low carbon fuels and we cannot predict the future prices of RINs, LCFS, or other credits. Prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including the EPA, LCFS, and other regulations, reduction of the benefits, the availability of RINs or credits for purchase, whether any of the products we produce are deemed not to qualify for compliance, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. There is currently no regulatory method for verifying the validity of most RINs sold on the open market. We have developed a RIN integrity program to vet the RINs that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit RIN generators. Nevertheless, if any of the RINs that we purchase and use for compliance are found to be invalid, we could incur costs and penalties for replacing the invalid RINs. See Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters for additional information on these and other regulatory compliance matters. Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage. The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum products. We compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks. Our competitors include multinational, integrated major oil companies that can obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production. Competitors that produce crude oil are at times better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages. We also compete with other companies for customers for our refined petroleum products. The independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily Marathon-branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply compete with other convenience store chains, outlets owned or operated by integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling transportation fuels and merchandise at very competitive prices. Non-traditional 20 Table of Contents transportation fuel retailers, such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants, may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. The loss of market share by those who operate our branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may be negatively impacted by inflation. Increases in inflation may have an adverse effect on us. Such increases in inflation could impact the commodity markets generally, the overall demand for our products and services, our costs for labor, material and services and the margins we are able to realize on our products, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Inflation may also result in higher interest rates, which in turn would result in higher interest expense related to our variable rate indebtedness and any borrowings we undertake to refinance existing fixed rate indebtedness. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products. We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. In addition to our own operational risks, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted or limited because of weather events, accidents, labor disputes, governmental regulations or third-party actions. In particular, pipelines or railroads provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. A prolonged interruption, material reduction or cessation of service of such a pipeline or railway, whether due to private party or governmental action or other reason, or any other prolonged disruption of the ability of the trucks, pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products to or from one or more of our refineries, can adversely affect us. A significant decrease in oil and natural gas production in MPLX s areas of operation may adversely affect MPLX s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders, including MPC. A significant portion of MPLX s operations is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas and crude oil production. The production from oil and natural gas reserves and wells owned by its producer customers will naturally decline over time, which means that MPLX s cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. To maintain or increase throughput levels and the utilization rate of MPLX s facilities, MPLX must continually obtain new oil, natural gas, NGL and refined product supplies, which depend in part on the level of successful drilling activity near its facilities, its ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells and its ability to expand its system capacity as needed. We have no control over the level of drilling activity in the areas of MPLX s operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. In addition, we have no control over producers or their production decisions, which are affected by demand, prevailing and projected energy prices, drilling costs, operational challenges, access to downstream markets, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations and the availability and cost of capital. Reductions or changes in exploration or production activity in MPLX s areas of operations could lead to reduced throughput on its pipelines and utilization rates of its facilities. Fluctuations in energy prices can negatively affect drilling activity, production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. The prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs depend upon factors beyond our control, including global and local demand, production levels, changes in interstate pipeline gas quality specifications, imports and exports, seasonality and weather conditions, alternative energy sources such as wind, solar and other renewable energy technologies, economic and political conditions domestically and internationally and governmental regulations. Sustained periods of low prices could result in producers deciding to limit their oil and gas drilling operations, which could substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of oil, natural gas and NGLs to MPLX s facilities and adversely affect their revenues and cash available for distribution to us. This impact may also be exacerbated in circumstances where MPLX s compensation for services is commodity-based, which are more directly impacted by changes in natural gas and NGL prices than its fee-based contracts due to frac spread exposure and may result in operating losses when natural gas becomes more expensive on a Btu equivalent basis than NGL products. In addition, the purchase and resale of natural gas and NGLs in the ordinary course exposes MPLX to significant risk of volatility in natural gas or NGL prices due to the potential difference in price at the time of the purchases and then the subsequent sales. The significant volatility in natural gas, NGL and crude oil prices could adversely impact MPLX s unit price, thereby increasing its distribution yield and cost of capital. Such impacts could adversely impact MPLX s ability to execute its long term organic growth projects, satisfy obligations to its customers and make distributions to unitholders at intended levels, and may also result in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill or other-than-temporary non-cash impairments of our equity method investments. Severe weather events, other climate conditions and earth movement and other geological hazards may adversely affect our assets and ongoing operations. Our assets are subject to acute physical risks, such as floods, hurricane-force winds, wildfires, winter storms, and earth movement in variable, steep and rugged terrain and terrain with varied or changing subsurface conditions, and chronic physical 21 Table of Contents risks, such as sea-level rise or water shortages. The occurrence of these and similar events have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our assets and operations. We have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. To the extent such severe weather events or other climate conditions increase in frequency and severity, we may be required to modify operations and incur costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the United States and generally to worldwide political and economic developments. We operate and sell some of our products and procure some feedstocks outside the United States. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, supply chain disruptions, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, difficulty in enforcing contractual provisions, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, political and social unrest, security issues involving key personnel and changing regulatory and political environments. Future outbreaks of infectious diseases or pandemics could affect demand for refined products and economic conditions generally. In addition, the deterioration of trade relationships, modification or termination of existing trade agreements, imposition of economic sanctions against Russia or other countries and the effects of potential responsive countermeasures, or increased taxes, border adjustments or tariffs can make international business operations more costly, which can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are required to comply with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those involving anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering. Our training and compliance program and our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from violations committed by our employees or agents. Actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. More broadly, political and economic factors in global markets could impact crude oil and other feedstock supplies and could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways. Hostilities in the Middle East, Russia or elsewhere or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the U.S. and other countries. Lower levels of economic activity often result in a decline in energy consumption, which may cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. These risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products, NGLs and natural gas. Additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. Additionally, tax policy, legislative or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. For example, the U.S. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products, NGLs, natural gas or the conduct of business in or with certain foreign countries. In addition, foreign countries could restrict imports, investments or commercial transactions or revoke or refuse to grant necessary permits. Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our reliance on our joint venture partners and their financial condition, and our joint venture partners may have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. Our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions may affect our facilities or those of our customers and suppliers. Refining, gathering and processing, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, and other energy assets, may be the subject of terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions. Any attack or targeted disruption of our operations, those of our customers or, in some cases, those of other energy industry participants, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Similarly, any similar event that severely disrupts the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Financial Risks We have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile or downgrade of our credit ratings, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally. At December 31, 2025, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and finance lease obligations were $33.31 billion, including $26.01 billion of obligations of MPLX and its subsidiaries. We may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future. Our indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have material adverse consequences, including: 22 Table of Contents increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes. A decrease in our debt or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit. Our credit rating is determined by independent credit rating agencies. We cannot provide assurance that any of our credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any changes in our credit capacity or credit profile could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Significant variations in the market prices of crude oil and refined products can affect our financial performance. Significant variations in the market prices of products held in our inventories could have a negative or positive effect on our financial performance. In addition, a sustained period of low crude oil prices may also result in significant financial constraints on certain producers from which we acquire our crude oil, which could result in long term crude oil supply constraints for our business. Such conditions could also result in an increased risk that our customers and other counterparties may be unable to fully fulfill their obligations in a timely manner, or at all. A continued period of economic slowdown or recession, or a protracted period of depressed prices for crude oil or refined products, has significant and adverse consequences for our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, and diminishes our liquidity, and negatively affects our ability to obtain adequate crude oil volumes and to market certain of our products at favorable prices, or at all. Our working capital, cash flows and liquidity can be significantly affected by decreases in commodity prices. Payment terms for our crude oil purchases are generally longer than the terms we extend to our customers for refined product sales. As a result, the payables for our crude oil purchases are proportionally larger than the receivables for our refined product sales. Due to this net payables position, a decrease in commodity prices generally results in a use of working capital, and given the significant volume of crude oil that we purchase the impact can materially affect our working capital, cash flows and liquidity. Increases in interest rates could adversely impact our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels. Our revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate. As a result, future interest rates on our debt could be higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly. In addition, we may in the future refinance outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility with fixed-rate indebtedness. Interest rates payable on fixed-rate indebtedness typically are higher than the short-term variable interest rates that we pay on borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We also have other fixed-rate indebtedness that we may need or desire to refinance in the future at or prior to the applicable stated maturity. A prolonged rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes on desirable terms, if at all. Accordingly, increases in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels. We may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions. We currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. If the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. Derivative transactions involve the risk that counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. The risk of counterparty default is heightened in a poor economic environment. In addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us. We do not insure against all potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs. We maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations can reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates. 23 Table of Contents We have recorded goodwill and other intangible assets that could become further impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations. We accounted for certain acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of the acquired business be recorded to our balance sheet at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the acquired net assets is recognized as goodwill. As of December 31, 2025, our balance sheet reflected $9.4 billion and $2.7 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, respectively. We have in the past recorded significant impairments of our goodwill. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes further impaired, we may be required to incur additional material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. Our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment. Large capital projects can be subject to delays, take years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. Delays in completing capital projects or making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to market or supply certain products we produce. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: denials of, delays in receiving, or revocations of requisite regulatory approvals or permits; unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor, whether due to inflation or other factors; disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials; adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers; shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; market-related increases in a project s debt or equity financing costs; global supply chain disruptions; nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors; and delays due to citizen, state or local political or activist pressure. Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our capital project returns and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Legal and Regulatory Risks We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental and other laws or regulations. Changes to the federal government s policies and operations could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and volatility and increased state regulation, which may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental and other laws or regulations. Changes to the federal government s policies and operations could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and volatility and increased state regulation, which may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our business. Laws and regulations expected to become more stringent relate to the following: the emission or discharge of materials into the environment; solid and hazardous waste management; the regulatory classification of materials currently or formerly used in our business; pollution prevention; climate change and GHG emissions; characteristics and composition of transportation fuels, including the blending of renewable fuels into transportation fuels; the production, importation, use, and disposal of specific chemicals; public and employee safety and health; permitting; inherently safer technology; and 24 Table of Contents facility security. The specific impact of laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources, production processes and subsequent judicial interpretation of such laws and regulations. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. We have incurred and may in the future incur liability for personal injury, property damage, natural resource damage or clean-up costs due to alleged contamination and/or exposure to chemicals such as benzene and methyl tert-butyl ether ( MTBE ). There is also increased regulatory interest in PFAS, which we expect will lead to increased monitoring and remediation obligations and potential liability related thereto. Such expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In 2025, the U.S. presidential administration announced wide-ranging policy changes and issued numerous executive actions. The U.S. EPA and other federal agencies began proposing and promulgating regulations consistent with the administration s policy changes. If the federal government relaxes or revokes certain environmental regulations, states may pass laws that vary in stringency and scope by state, creating a patchwork of regulation. For example, various states have passed laws regulating the use of materials containing PFAS and setting action levels for the remediation of certain PFAS. We cannot predict the extent to which states will pass such legislation, or the ultimate effect these state laws will have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in MPLX units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including MPLX, or an investment in MPLX common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time. From time to time, there are proposals to change the existing U.S. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate MPLX s ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment. We are unable to predict whether any such changes will ultimately be enacted. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for MPLX to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or increase the amount of taxes payable by unitholders in publicly traded partnerships. Climate change and GHG emission regulation could affect our operations, energy consumption patterns and regulatory obligations, any of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Currently, multiple legislative and regulatory measures to address GHG and other emissions are in various phases of consideration, promulgation or implementation. These include actions to develop international, federal, regional or statewide programs, which could require reductions in our GHG or other emissions, establish a carbon tax and decrease the demand for refined products. Requiring reductions in these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments. For example, California and Washington have enacted low carbon fuel standards. Other states are proposing, or have already promulgated, low carbon fuel standards or similar initiatives to reduce emissions from the transportation sector. If we are unable to pass the costs of compliance on to our customers, sufficient credits are unavailable for purchase, we have to pay a significantly higher price for credits, or if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligation, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. California has also enacted cap-and-invest programs, which set statewide limits on GHG emissions and caps that decline each year. CARB is currently developing regulations to implement the changes to the Cap-and-Invest program. We are unable to estimate the impact of these programs but requirements to drastically reduce GHG emissions in California could increase our operating costs, require additional capital expenditures, reduce the competitiveness of our California refinery and renewable fuel facility and our Washington refinery and affect their long term outlook. Certain municipalities have also proposed or enacted restrictions on the installation of natural gas appliances and infrastructure in new residential or commercial construction, which could affect demand for the natural gas that MPLX transports and stores. New York and Vermont have enacted, and other states are considering, laws that would allow the state to seek climate change-related damages from fossil fuel companies allocated based on each company s share of past GHG emissions. The legality of these bills is being challenged in court. Our potential share is dependent on multiple factors, including the number of responsible parties and GHG emission calculation methodologies, and cannot be estimated at this time. Regional and state climate change and air emissions goals and regulatory programs are complex, subject to change and considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors including technological feasibility, legal challenges and potential changes in federal policy. Increasing concerns about climate change and carbon intensity have also resulted in societal concerns and a number of international and national measures to limit GHG emissions. Additional stricter measures and investor pressure can be expected in the future and any of these changes may have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition. 25 Table of Contents The scope and magnitude of the changes to U.S. climate change strategy under the current and future administrations, however, remain subject to the passage of legislation and interpretation and action of federal and state regulatory bodies; therefore, the impact to our industry and operations due to GHG regulation is unknown at this time. Energy companies are subject to increasing environmental and climate-related litigation. Governmental and other entities in various U.S. states have filed lawsuits against various energy companies, including us, alleging damages as a result of climate change , false statements about climate change, and violations of various consumer protection statutes. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. Governments and private parties may continue to file lawsuits or initiate regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements regarding climate change and other ESG related matters and practices by companies are false and misleading greenwashing that violate deceptive trade practices and consumer protection statutes, presenting a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which energy companies face an increased risk of liability stemming from climate change or ESG disclosures and practices. Attorneys general and other government officials may continue to pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages against us on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. Additionally, private plaintiffs and government parties have undertaken efforts to shut down energy assets by challenging operating permits, the validity of easements or the compliance with easement conditions. For example, the Dakota Access Pipeline, in which MPLX has a minority interest, is subject to, and may in the future be subject to, litigation seeking a permanent shutdown of the pipeline. There remains a high degree of uncertainty regarding the ultimate outcome of these types of proceedings, as well as their potential effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. We are subject to risks associated with societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition to the development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. Such risks could adversely impact our business and our ability to continue to operate or realize certain growth strategies. We operate and develop our business with the expectation that regulations and societal sentiment will continue to enable the development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. However, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation, storage and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence of public sentiment on GHG emissions, climate change, and climate adaptation. Additionally, societal sentiment regarding carbon-based fuels may adversely impact our reputation and ability to attract and retain employees. The approval process for storage and transportation projects has become increasingly challenging, due in part to state and local concerns related to pipelines, negative public perception regarding the oil and gas industry, and concerns regarding GHG emissions downstream of pipeline operations. Our expansion or construction projects may not be completed on schedule (or at all), or at the budgeted cost. We also may be required to incur additional costs and expenses in connection with the design and installation of our facilities due to their location and the surrounding terrain. We may be required to install additional facilities, incur additional capital and operating expenditures, or experience interruptions in or impairments of our operations to the extent that the facilities are not designed or installed correctly. Increasing attention to environmental, social and governance matters may impact our business and financial results. In recent years, increasing attention has been given to corporate activities related to ESG matters in public discourse and the investment community, including climate change, energy transition matters, and inclusion. A number of advocacy groups, both domestically and internationally, have campaigned for governmental and private action to promote ESG-related change at public companies, including, but not limited to, through the investment and voting practices of investment advisers, pension funds, universities and other members of the investing community. These activities include increasing attention and demands for action related to climate change and energy transition matters, such as promoting the use of substitutes to fossil fuel products and encouraging the divestment of fossil fuel equities, as well as pressuring lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with fossil fuel companies. If this were to continue, it could have a material adverse effect on our access to capital. Members of the investment community have begun to screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance, including practices related to GHG emission reduction and energy transition strategies. If we are unable to find economically viable, as well as publicly acceptable, solutions that reduce our GHG emissions, reduce GHG intensity for new and existing projects, increase our non-fossil fuel product portfolio, and/or address other ESG-related stakeholder concerns, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Further, our reputation could be damaged as a result of our support of, association with or lack of support or disapproval of certain social causes, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct, or change, certain of our activities in response to such considerations. Our goals, targets and disclosures related to ESG matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to ESG matters, including practices and disclosures regarding climate-related initiatives. MPC has established a target to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions intensity and MPLX established a target to reduce methane emissions intensity. These targets reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. We assess progress with these targets on an annual basis. We may modify, discontinue, update or expand targets or adopt new metrics as new information, opportunities, and 26 Table of Contents technologies become available. Further, there are conflicting expectations and priorities from regulatory authorities, investors, voluntary reporting frame works, and other stakeholders surrounding accounting and disclosure of ESG matters and climate related initiatives. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives, which may be, in part, dependent on the actions of suppliers and other third parties, present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price. Efforts to achieve goals and targets, such as the foregoing and future internal climate-related initiatives, may increase costs, require purchase of carbon credits, or limit or impact our business plans and financial results, potentially resulting in the reduction to the economic end-of-life of certain assets and an impairment of the associated net book value, among other material adverse impacts. Additionally, as the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, calculation methodologies, voluntary reporting standards and disclosure requirements expand, we may have to undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics. Our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill such goals and targets or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have a negative impact on investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating our approach to ESG matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other material adverse impacts. Regulatory and other requirements concerning the transportation of crude oil and other commodities by rail may cause increases in transportation costs or limit the amount of crude oil that we can transport by rail. We rely on a variety of systems to transport crude oil, including rail. Rail transportation is regulated by federal, state and local authorities. New regulations or changes in existing regulations could result in increased compliance expenditures. Regulations that require the reduction of volatile or flammable constituents in crude oil that is transported by rail, change the design or standards for rail cars used to transport crude oil, change the routing or scheduling of trains carrying crude oil, or require any other changes that detrimentally affect the economics of delivering North American crude oil by rail could increase the time required to move crude oil to our refineries, increase the cost of rail transportation and decrease the efficiency of shipments of crude oil by rail. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If California or other jurisdictions (i) establish a maximum refining margin and impose a financial penalty for profits above such maximum refining margin, (ii) impose restrictions on turnaround and maintenance activities or (iii) require that petroleum refiners maintain a minimum inventory of transportation fuels , our financial results and profitability could be adversely affected. In June 2023, the provisions of California s Senate Bill No. 2 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, SB X1-2 ) became effective, which, among other things, (i) authorized the establishment of a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and the imposition of a financial penalty for profits above a maximum gross gasoline refining margin, (ii) significantly expanded the reporting obligations to the California Energy Commission ( CEC ) for all participants in the petroleum industry supply chain in California, (iii) created the Division of Petroleum Market Oversight within the CEC to monitor and analyze the transportation fuels market, and (iv) authorized the CEC to regulate the timing and other aspects of refinery turnaround and maintenance activities in certain instances. The operational data reporting includes our plans for turnaround and maintenance activities at our Los Angeles refinery and Martinez renewable diesel facility and our plans to address potential impacts on feedstock and product inventories in California resulting from such turnaround and maintenance activities. In late 2023, the CEC adopted (i) an order requiring an informational proceeding on a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and penalty under SB X1-2, and (ii) an order initiating rulemaking activity under SB X1-2 that will be focused on refinery maintenance and turnarounds. In August 2025, the CEC adopted resolutions (i) indicating that the CEC will not take further action on a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and penalty for at least five years and (ii) providing refiners with a potential exemption from a maximum gross gasoline refining margin, if a maximum gross gasoline refining margin is implemented prior to the year 2035. In October 2024, California s governor signed Assembly Bill No.1 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, AB X2-1 ) into law, authorizing the CEC to require that petroleum refiners maintain a minimum inventory of transportation fuels including the requirement that petroleum refiners plan for resupply during scheduled maintenance. In August 2025, the CEC adopted an order requiring an informational proceeding on minimum inventory requirements and refinery maintenance resupply planning requirements. To the extent that the CEC establishes a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and imposes a financial penalty for profits above such maximum gross gasoline refining margin or requires that petroleum refiners maintain a minimum inventory of transportation fuels, our financial results and profitability could be adversely affected. Our results of operations, financial performance and safety and maintenance efforts could also be adversely impacted to the extent that restrictions on turnaround and maintenance activities are imposed by the CEC. We cannot reasonably predict the impact that full implementation of SB X1-2 or AB X2-1 will have on our California operations nor can we predict the impact from similarly focused legislation or actions in other jurisdictions in which we operate. The recently adopted legislation in California, and the future enactment of similar legislation in any of the other jurisdictions, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 27 Table of Contents Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing and other oil and gas production activities could result in reductions or delays in U.S. production of crude oil and natural gas, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. While we do not conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, we do provide gathering, treating, processing and fractionation services with respect to natural gas and NGLs produced by our customers as a result of such operations. A range of federal, state and local laws and regulations currently govern or, in some cases, prohibit hydraulic fracturing in some jurisdictions. Stricter laws, regulations and permitting processes may be enacted in the future. If federal, state and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing or other oil and gas production activities are enacted or expanded, such efforts could impede oil and gas production, increase producers cost of compliance, and result in reduced volumes available for our midstream assets to gather, treat, process and fractionate. Historic or current operations could subject us to significant legal liability or restrict our ability to operate. We currently are defending litigation and anticipate we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. Our operations, including those of MPLX, and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. While an adverse outcome in most litigation matters would not be expected to be material to us, in class-action litigation, large classes of plaintiffs may allege damages relating to extended periods of time or other alleged facts and circumstances that could increase the amount of potential damages. Attorneys general and other government officials have in the past and may in the future pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages from companies on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. If we are not able to successfully defend such litigation, it may result in liability to our company that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition to substantial liability, plaintiffs in litigation may also seek injunctive relief which, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Approximately 3,800 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with expiration dates ranging from 2027 to 2031. Approximately 700 of those hourly represented employees in California are covered by collective bargaining agreements that were set to expire on January 31, 2026. The parties agreed to continue those agreements beyond expiration, subject to a 24-hour termination notice by either party, while successor agreements are negotiated and ratified. These agreements may be renewed at an increased cost to us. In addition, we have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, work stoppages as a result of labor disagreements. Any prolonged work stoppages disrupting operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, some states in which we operate require refinery owners to pay prevailing wages to contract craft workers and restrict refiners ability to hire qualified employees to a limited pool of applicants. Legislation or changes in regulations could result in labor shortages, higher labor costs, and an increased risk that contract workers become joint employees, which could trigger bargaining issues, and wage and benefit consequences, especially during critical maintenance and construction periods. One of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a master limited partnership, which may expose us to certain legal liabilities. One of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of MPLX, a master limited partnership. Our control of the general partner of MPLX may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties, including claims of conflicts of interest. Any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If foreign investment in us or MPLX exceeds certain levels, we could be prohibited from operating vessels engaged in U.S. coastwise trade, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Shipping Act of 1916 and Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (together, the Maritime Laws ) generally require that vessels engaged in U.S. coastwise trade be owned by U.S. citizens. Among other requirements to establish citizenship, entities that own such vessels must be owned at least 75 percent by U.S. citizens. If we fail to maintain compliance with the Maritime Laws, we would be prohibited from operating vessels in the U.S. inland waters or otherwise in U.S. coastwise trade. Such a prohibition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations could be disrupted if we are unable to maintain or obtain real property rights required for our business. We do not own all of the land on which certain of our assets are located, particularly our midstream assets, but rather obtain the rights to construct and operate such assets on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. Therefore, we are subject to the possibility of more burdensome terms and increased costs to retain necessary land use if our leases, rights-of-way or other property rights lapse, terminate or are reduced or it is determined that we do not have valid leases, rights-of-way or other property rights. For example, a portion of the Tesoro High Plains Pipeline in North Dakota remains 28 Table of Contents shut down following delays in renewing a right-of-way necessary for the operation of a section of the pipeline. Any loss of or reduction in our real property rights, including loss or reduction due to legal, governmental or other actions or difficulty renewing leases, right-of-way agreements or permits on satisfactory terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain of our facilities are located on Native American tribal lands and are subject to various federal and tribal approvals and regulations, which can increase our costs and delay or prevent our efforts to conduct operations. Various federal agencies within the U.S. Department of the Interior, particularly the Bureau of Indian Affairs, along with each Native American tribe, regulate natural gas and oil operations on Native American tribal lands. In addition, each Native American tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce laws and regulations and to grant approvals independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. These tribal laws and regulations include various taxes, fees, requirements to employ Native American tribal members and other conditions that apply to operators and contractors conducting operations on Native American tribal lands. Persons conducting operations on tribal lands are generally subject to the Native American tribal court system. In addition, if our relationships with any of the relevant Native American tribes were to deteriorate, we could face significant risks to our ability to continue operations on Native American tribal lands. One or more of these factors has in the past and may in the future increase our cost of doing business on Native American tribal lands and impact the viability of, or prevent or delay our ability to conduct operations on such lands. For example, we are subject to ongoing litigation regarding trespass claims relating to a portion of the Tesoro High Plains Pipeline in North Dakota. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be, to the extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for most disputes between us and our shareholders. Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of MPC; any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of MPC to MPC or its stockholders; any action asserting a claim against MPC arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, MPC s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, any Preferred Stock Designation or the Bylaws of MPC; or any other action asserting a claim against MPC or any Director or officer of MPC that is governed by or subject to the internal affairs doctrine for choice of law purposes. The exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ) or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts shall be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the exclusive forum for any action asserting a claim under the Securities Act. The forum selection provision may restrict a stockholder s ability to bring a claim against us or directors or officers of MPC in a forum that it finds favorable, which may discourage stockholders from bringing such claims at all. Alternatively, if a court were to find the forum selection provision contained in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in another forum, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Provisions in our corporate governance documents could operate to delay or prevent a change in control of our company, dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our capital stock or affect its liquidity. The existence of some provisions within our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. These include provisions: providing that our board of directors fixes the number of members of the board; providing for the division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered terms; providing that only our board of directors may fill board vacancies; limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings; establishing supermajority vote requirements for certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation; providing that our directors may only be removed for cause; 29 Table of Contents authorizing a large number of shares of common stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; and authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt. Our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our board of directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock. Finally, to facilitate compliance with the Maritime Laws, our restated certificate of incorporation limits the aggregate percentage ownership by non-U.S. citizens of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock to 23 percent of the outstanding shares. We may prohibit transfers that would cause ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock by non-U.S. citizens to exceed 23 percent. Our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to effect any and all measures necessary or desirable to monitor and limit foreign ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock. These limitations could have an adverse impact on the liquidity of the market for our common stock if holders are unable to transfer shares to non-U.S. citizens due to the limitations on ownership by non-U.S. citizens. Any such limitation on the liquidity of the market for our common stock could adversely impact the market price of our common stock. General RISK FACTORS Significant stockholders may attempt to effect changes at our company or acquire control over our company, which could impact the pursuit of business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our stockholders may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance stockholder proposals or otherwise attempt to effect changes or acquire control over our company. Campaigns by stockholders to effect changes at publicly traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short-term stockholder value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases or sales of assets or the entire company. Responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the management of our operations and the pursuit of our business strategies. As a result, stockholder campaigns could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Significant acquisitions, including the Northwind Midstream Acquisition and the BANGL Acquisition, will involve the integration of new assets or businesses and may present substantial risks that could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. Significant acquisitions, including the Northwind Midstream Acquisition and the BANGL Acquisition, involving the addition of new assets or businesses will present risks, which may include, among others: inaccurate assumptions about future synergies, revenues, capital expenditures and operating costs; an inability to successfully integrate, or a delay in the successful integration of, assets or businesses we acquire; a decrease in our liquidity resulting from using a portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement to finance transactions; a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance transactions; the assumption of unknown environmental and other liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is inadequate; the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; the loss of customers or key employees from the acquired business; and the incurrence of other significant charges, such as impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation or restructuring charges. Compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal, state and local income taxes in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions, and, transactional, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. New tax laws and regulations and changes in, interpretations of, and guidance regarding tax laws and regulations, including impacts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, Economic Security Act of 2020, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, and the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025, could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 30 Table of Contents In addition, we are subject to the examination of our returns by taxing authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Although w
